
Father & Son is a four-part television crime thriller produced by Left Bank Pictures and Octagon Films for the British ITV network and the Irish broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). Written by Frank Deasy, the serial depicts the return of Michael O'Connor (played by Dougray Scott) to his native Ireland, after spending several years imprisoned in the United Kingdom. A parallel storyline follows O'Connor's son and sister-in-law in Manchester. The serial was filmed entirely on location in Dublin and Wicklow from October to December 2008, with only minimal second-unit filming in Manchester. "Father & Son" was first broadcast on RTÉ One in June 2009 and has since received positive reaction from the Irish press. It was broadcast in the UK on the ITV network during June 2010.
Industrialisation.
Quixito River

A number of damaging fires have been known to have occurred in recent times in Al Jahra. On 25 August 2007, politician Massouma al-Mubarak was forced to resign from her post as health minister following a fire in a hospital which killed two patients.
Edo College is a secondary grammar school in Benin City, Nigeria, the oldest in the Mid-Western Region. It was established in February, 1937 and started as the Benin Middle School with forms, I, II and III. In April 1937, the school, with a total student enrollment of 76 pupils, moved from its temporary site at the old Government School, Benin City to a permanent site, the present Idia College premises. In 1973, the school further moved from Idia College premises to its present site along Murtala Mohammed Way, Benin City. Edo state in the federal Republic of Nigeria.
Hundred Thousand Sons of Saint Louis
Intraductal papilloma
Nawa-l-Barakzayi district.
Coro Coro Municipality
<doc id="23467049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23467049" title="Fear of a Red Planet (album)">
Career.
Perseus and the Gorgon is a 1902 monumental sculpture by Camille Claudel. It represents a mythological scene which refers to the artist's own life. The work achieved a great notoriety throughout the years.

