Hilda - Mariel Perez
SK Rapid Wien
Arina Pan, Russia, piano; Marusya Matveeva, Russia, piano; Sara Dragan, Poland, violin; Inga Rodina, Russia, violin; Patricia Bloma, Latvia, saxophone; Danila Vladyko, Russia, violoncello
Rolling stock.
In Hollywood, California in 1984 she formed trash rock band The Killer Crows. After their break-up and a three year break she formed Texas Terri & The Stiff Ones with Don "Demon Boy" Cilurso who became her song writing partner. They released one album in 1998 "Eat Shit" on the Burning Tree label. Eat Shit has subsequently been re-released twice as "Eat Shit +1" and more recently "Eat Shit +4", the + number signifying the number of bonus tracks on each re-release. The band achieved a sizable cult status in America and Europe over the course of their six year together.


In early 2004, Belize suffered a "passport crisis" due to a shortage of blank passports when a delivery from the country's United Kingdom-based passport supplier De La Rue was delayed. The Ministry of Home Affairs tried to handle the crisis by recalling unused passport blanks from Belizean diplomatic missions abroad, while newspapers urged those who did not immediately need passports to wait until September or October when the switchover to the new machine-readable passports would begin. The problem came to an end in August, though delays in issuance of up to four weeks persisted.
"Analysts say, ... there is little doubt Mugniyeh and Al Din helped plan December 1983 bombings in Kuwait against the U.S. and French embassies there ..."
Woolage Green
"Together" became a Top Ten hit in the summer of 1961 via a recording by Connie Francis cut in New York City on 3 June 1961 with Cliff Parman acting as arranger and conductor. After focusing on new material for her recent singles releases, Francis with "Together" reverted to the mode of remaking traditional pop songs which had provided her with her biggest hits in the '50s. "Together" reached #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was the first single release by Francis which could avail itself of the July 1961 inauguration of "Billboard"'s Easy Listening chart where "Together" peaked at #1. Francis' "Together" also reached #2 in Australia, #6 in the UK, #7 in Ireland and #6 in New Zealand and was a #1 hit in India.


The 1924 Philadelphia Athletics season involved the A's finishing 5th in the American League with a record of 71 wins and 81 losses.
