He was one of the pioneers of the Hungryalism Movement হাংরি আন্দোলন, also known as the Hungry generation, during 1961–65, though he, along with Binoy Majumdar, Shakti Chattopadhyay left the movement because of literary differences with Malay Roy Choudhury, Subimal Basak, Tridib Mitra and Samir Roychoudhury.

Agzu () is a village ("selo") in Terneysky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia, located on the Samarga River. Population: 169 (2005 est.), 140 of which are Udege.
Internet Engineering Task Force Administrative Oversight Committee


Mickey's life included both successes and tragedy. While playing with the Omaha Knights, Mickey was named to the first team of the Central Hockey League All-Stars during the 1966-67 season, and his team advanced to the Adams Cup finals that same year. But tragedy struck on April 16, 1967, the night before the third game of the Adams Cup best-of-seven play-off series between the Omaha Knights and the Oklahoma City Blazers.
Coming soon - Leon Hughes - Live Concert DVD & Behind The Scenes Documentary
<doc id="9021648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9021648" title="Lithuanian minority in Poland">
Many object systems in popular use are based on a design which takes it for granted that an object carries the same type over its entire lifetime, from construction to finalization. This is not a limitation of OOP, but rather of particular implementations only.
Ritt's theorem states that the analogues of unique factorization and the factor theorem hold for the ring of exponential polynomials.
A long-running series of stories (begun in the mid-1980s) by Tierney featuring Simon of Gitta, a character based on the Gnostic heresiarch Simon Magus is collected in "The Scroll of Thoth" (1997).
The "Record" absorbed the "Hays County Citizen" on July 6, 1978. The paper also publishes a 1,500-circulation Wednesday weekly newspaper, the "Hill Country Record".
Ron Kostelnik
The present underground station, which replaced the old above-ground station, entered service on February 24, 2010.
Early on 4 June, she got underway to sweep mines in the Baie de la Seine, France, to prepare the way for the assault on Utah Beach, Normandy, scheduled for the 5th. Weather forced the postponement of the landings until the following day, but one of "Auk's" sister ships, 
The Shadiest One
School of Mariachi.
<doc id="9028683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9028683" title="Kattappana">
Water for respiration and excretion is drawn in under the edge of the shell and exits through the "keyhole" near the peak. 

Whatever connections there were at Gatwick were mostly provided by BCal itself, at great cost to the airline. Since the early-1970s oil crisis, only the four short-haul BCal routes from Gatwick to Paris, Brussels, Jersey and Genoa had made a positive contribution, with Paris, Jersey and Genoa being the only routes that were genuinely profitable in their own right. However, given the fact that 40% of the airline's scheduled passengers were changing from one of its flights to another at Gatwick, BCal's dependency on providing this limited number of feeder services was such that withdrawing any of these services or significantly reducing frequencies — even those of loss-making services — had an immediate, negative impact on the loads of the profitable long-haul services and, therefore, on the company's overall profitability as well. It was with this in mind that BCal's senior management had always justified keeping its UK mainland domestic trunk routes despite these losing £2 million each year ever since BA had introduced its high-frequency "Shuttle" service on these routes from Heathrow. This had led to a reduction in frequency of the competing BCal services from Gatwick as the airport's smaller catchment area did not allow BCal to generate the minimum traffic flows that would have made a competing, high-frequency service from Gatwick viable. BCal's senior management estimated that its short-haul domestic feeder flights generated additional yearly long-haul revenues of £5 million and that the European feeder services added £20 million to the company's long-haul revenues.
By the early-mid 1990s, Specialty Retailers, Inc. would come to encompass another name, Stage Stores.
After the death of Ratchet in , First Aid became the Autobots' chief physician.
Picture disc.
Kaiyuan, Yunnan


Pietra beer is a 6% ABV amber beer, brewed from a mix of malt and chestnut flour. Chestnuts have always been used in Corsica as a cereal, but it was necessary to carry out studies for many years to validate the qualities of chestnut flour. The high fermentability of chestnuts helps to maintain the beer's head and gives Pietra beer its golden colour.
