

It is one of the components of the aroma of "Tuber melanosporum", the black truffle. It has been identified as a chemical in the pheromone used by hornets to attract other members of the hive to attack.
This is an incomplete list of Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom in 1958. This listing is the complete, 40 items, "Partial Dataset" as listed on www.legislation.gov.uk (as at March 2014).
Suzanne Semanick
Drew Emeric Stanton (born May 7, 1984) is an American football quarterback for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan State.
Rousseau's own assessment of the essay was ambiguous. In one letter he described it as one of his "principal writings," and one of only three in which his philosophical system is developed (the others being the "Discourse on Inequality" and ""), but in another instance he evaluated it as "at best mediocre."
Though split-biquaternions form an eight-dimensional space like Hamilton’s biquaternions, on the basis of the Proposition it is apparent that this algebra splits into the direct sum of two copies of the real quaternions.

Craig Jacotine
<doc id="4168393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4168393" title="USS Peosta (1857)">
Valdivia is home to several public and private schools and universities. The largest and oldest university is the Universidad Austral de Chile (UACh) that was founded by decree in 1954 as one of Chile's seven original Chilean Traditional Universities. Its main campus is located in Isla Teja but it has other minor campus and properties spread through the city and southern Chile. Since the liberalization of higher education in Chile in the 80s other universities have established campuses in Valdivia, including Universidad Arturo Prat, Universidad San Sebastián, Universidad Santo Tomás and Universidad de Los Lagos.
Loudoun Valley High School
Amadie wrote two books on jazz theory:
The roundhouse has since been converted into industrial units but since April 1987 the adjacent wagon repair shed has been used to service diesel locomotives, local passenger trains, and wagons used for china clay traffic. The turntable has been retained to turn the preserved steam locomotives that still visit Cornwall on special main line workings. Goods traffic is still sometimes loaded at St Blazey in the marshalling yard adjacent to the depot. 


Viscount Stonehaven
A Man on the Moon
Battle of Monett's Ferry
<doc id="4172567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4172567" title="La Sagesse">
-Baseball: baseball is one of the new sports at SVMS which takes place in the spring.
Current Sponsors:
Brighton is Charlottetown's most prestigious neighbourhood, buffered from the city somewhat by bucolic Victoria Park. Comprising houses over 100 years old as well as newer developments from the 1970s to the 1990s, Brighton is roughly delineated by Colonel Gray Drive, North River Road, and Brighton Road. Houses with proximity to Charlottetown Harbour and the North (Yorke) River tend to be more prestigious with their large lots along a former cottage area. Mature trees line newer developments along Queen Elizabeth Drive, Edinburgh Drive, Inkerman Drive, and Prince Charles Drive. Older Victorian homes are situated in Old Brighton which is a smaller neighbourhood east of North River Road, being bounded by McGill Avenue, North River Road, Ambrose Street, and Brighton Road.
Film Freak is the name of two DC Comics villains and enemy of Batman and Catwoman. They are of the myriad "gimmick" villains in Gotham City, their trademark being their obsession with motion pictures.
<doc id="4174379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4174379" title="Chirundu, Zambia">
Halmir was first named thus only with the major expansion of the Houses of Men into elder generations after the completion of "The Lord of the Rings". Earlier his role was played by 'Haleth the Hunter', who led his people into Beleriand but otherwise had similar history. (See "The History of Middle-earth").
The Nikonos is often referred to as a rangefinder camera, but in truth it is a scale focus camera as there is no rangefinder. The viewfinder is used purely to compose the shot, and to display exposure information. Focus is set with an outsized dial mounted on the left side of the lens barrel (as seen from the operator's point of view), and the aperture is set with a dial mounted on the right. For many beginners, this meant some confusion over estimating distances underwater, since refraction makes objects appear 25% closer than they actually are. Strangely, Nikon's approach was to assume that the user did not make the correction, so the distance markers on the lens are offset to compensate for it. Thankfully the Nikonos wide-angle lenses have ample depth of field, so these discrepancies are often not a noticeable problem.
He also makes appearances on Chelsea TV.
Iraqi defence minister Saadoun al-Dulaimi warned about the danger of a long civil war. Also, he said that Iraq would not hesitate to dispatch tanks to the streets to end violence and impose security. The minister also denied any involvement by what he called Interior Ministry commandos in the attack that targeted Harith Sulayman al-Dari, leader of the Association of Muslim Scholars.
