
"Childe Rowland" is referenced briefly in "King Lear", by Gloucester's son, Edgar, disguised as mad Tom, in one of his mad ramblings:
Eredivisie
The climate of Salt Lake City is widely variable. The city lies in the Salt Lake Valley, surrounded by mountains and the Great Salt Lake.
In 2002, CTV sold CKBI-TV and CKOS-TV to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, which converted both to rebroadcasters of Regina CBC station CBKT, and surrendered both of the old call signs, with CKOS's call sign changed to CBKT-6. These translators would close on July 31, 2012, due to budget cuts affecting the CBC.
Diet.
Coffee plant.
Rebecca Rawson (May 23, 1656, Massachusetts - June 7-June 9, 1692, near Port Royal, Jamaica) was the heroine of the 1849 book "Leaves from Margaret Smith's Journal, in the Province of Massachusetts Bay" (by John G. Whittier).
In mathematics, especially in elementary arithmetic, division is an arithmetic operation which is the inverse of multiplication.
Sport.
XAL.
<doc id="1567973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1567973" title="Ernst Thälmann Island">
The affair escalated to national level when the French foreign minister, Robert Schuman, apologised to his Italian counterpart for what seemed to be no more than a man interrupted in the making of a sandwich.
Vodice was first attested ca. 1118 with reference to its church as "in plebe sancte Margarete virginis", and as "Wodiz" in 1257 (and as "Woditç" in 1265). The name is ultimately derived from the Slovene common noun "vodica", a diminiutive of "voda" 'water, creek'. The name may therefore be based on the singular locative form "*Vodicě" (literally, 'by the small creek'), or may have originally been plural, referring to springs in the area. In the past the German name was "Woditz".
- Charles Greetham - saxophone
David Scott Berg (born September 3, 1970) is a former Major League Baseball utility player. Originally selected by the Florida Marlins in the 38th round of the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft, Berg last played for the Triple-A Oklahoma RedHawks in the Texas Rangers organization. He batted and threw right-handed.
<doc id="1569165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1569165" title="Minutes to Fame">
With the completion of the Channel Tunnel TML ceased to exist.
<doc id="1569666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1569666" title="Petrus Filipsson">
How gross margin is used in sales
After 50 years, the theatre's 800 seats were deemed insufficient for productions of the day, and it was demolished. On 17 June 1937, Gracie Fields sang to the workmen as she laid the foundation stone of the new Art Deco-decorated theatre, designed by Robert Cromie, and the theatre opened on 27 October that year. The new theatre's seating capacity was about 1,100, and it had a larger stage and improved facilities for both the artists and the public, including a large, stylish stalls bar (the bar itself was 14 metres long), complete with dance floor. The first productions at the new theatre were "Les Folies de Paris et Londres", starring George Robey, followed by "Folies De Can-Can" in 1938, a continuation of the old theatre's series of successful risqué revues, which ran continuously until 2am every night. The musical comedy, "Present Arms", was offered in 1940, and in 1941 the theatre screened the UK premiere of Charlie Chaplin's "The Great Dictator". The film had been banned in many parts of Europe, and the theatre's owner, Alfred Esdaile, was fined for showing it.
History.
Richmond is among the largest First Fridays art walks in the nation, it draws nearly 20,000 people from all over the state of Virginia and nation, showcasing its artistic side and opening restaurants and art galleries all over Broad Street and Downtown Richmond.

"De la eterna poesía victoriosa."
Fern Tree, Tasmania
Ohno established the Kazuo Ohno Dance Studio in 1949, and built the Kamihoshikawa studio in 1961 in Hodogaya, Yokohama, for the creation and rehearsal of his choreography. Now under the aegis of son Yoshito Ohno, the Kazuo Ohno Dance Studio conducts workshops, produces performances and has established a butoh archive, collecting and classifying all materials related to butoh and Kazuo Ohno's legacy. Ohno's studio is currently open for students to attend. Classes are directed by Yoshito.
Due to long-lasting injuries sustained throughout his career, Johnson decided to retire from Major League Baseball on January 28, 2013.
Date: 13 March 2005 

Film critic Brian Gibson wrote, "So far, this seems a post-Occupation France happy to forget the blood and death of Hitler's war a decade earlier. But soon people’s occasional, playful efforts to grab the floating, carefree balloon become grasping and destructive. In a gorgeous sequence, light streaming down alleys as children's shoes clack and clatter on the cobblestones, the balloon bouncing between the walls, Pascal is hunted down for his floating pet. The film's ballooning sense of hope and freedom is deflated by a fierce, squabbling mass. Then, fortunately, Lamorisse's film floats off, with the breeze of magic-realism, into a feeling of escape and peace, "The Red Balloon" taking hold of Pascal, lifting him out of this rigid, petty, earthbound life."
Runiform may refer to a script or inscription "similar to runes".

<doc id="1572643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1572643" title="Vriend v. Alberta">
Emma was born in Stockholm, Sweden.
The early centuries of the Christian era was a great era of cultural fusion when the foreign invaders like the Indo-Greeks, Sakas, Kushanas and the Hunas were assimilated. Stupas, pillars and sculptures, decorated bricks of temples and seals bear testimony to the beautiful art tradition of the region—wrestling and lute playing with drums were the popular pastime of the people.
Alberta.
Between 1945 and 1960, the French researcher Noël Felici developed a series of high-power electrostatic generators, based on electric excitation and using cylinders rotating at high speed and hydrogen in pressurized containers.
The band gained prominence after the release of their first album, "Other Way Out", which quickly sold out its initial run through word of mouth alone. The album was near-universally praised in the independent music press, winning several awards and accolades. However, the album saw little popularity among mainstream critics and radio stations as their authentic 1960s psychedelic sound was out of fashion at the time. "Other Way Out" remains popular to this day in the psychedelic and progressive rock communities, and has gone through eight reissues since its original release.
O'Riordan subsequently worked as a bus conductor in Cork and was active in the Irish Transport and General Workers Union (ITGWU). In 1947 he stood as a Cork Socialist Party candidate in Cork and afterwards moved to Dublin where he lived in Victoria St with his wife Kay, continued to work as a bus conductor and remained active in the Irish Transport and General Workers Union.
Urban released "Golden Road" in 2002. Of its thirteen songs, Urban produced seven himself and co-produced with Dann Huff on the other six. It was led off by the single "Somebody Like You", which spent six weeks at number 1. Following it was the number 3 "Raining on Sunday", which Radney Foster had previously released as a single from his 1998 album "See What You Want to See". After this song, both "Who Wouldn't Wanna Be Me" and "You'll Think of Me" went to number 1, with the latter winning him the 2005 Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance.
Jaime Magana Cerda (born October 26, 1978 in Fresno, California) is a retired left-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher. Cerda played previously with the New York Mets (-) and the Kansas City Royals (-). Cerda, who is of Mexican American descent, played with the Tacoma Rainers, the Triple-A affiliate of the Seattle Mariners, in , but was released due to his high ERA.[http://nl.newsbank.com/nl-search/we/Archives?p_product=FB&p_theme=fb&p_action=search&p_maxdocs=200&p_topdoc=1&p_text_direct-0=0FE9E89C83CF6F52&p_field_direct-0=document_id&p_perpage=10&p_sort=YMD_date:D&s_trackval=GooglePM]
Identity.
The name Battle of Vella Lavella may refer to three related battles between the Allies and Japan in the Solomon Islands in 1943, during the Pacific campaign of World War II.

Gangubai Hangal received a number of awards, which include:
Managerial history.

Men's golf.
<doc id="1576241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1576241" title="Topcliffe">
Frontier Gentleman is a radio Western series originally broadcast on the CBS network from February 2 to November 16, 1958, initially heard Sunday afternoons at 2:30pm (Eastern Time) through March when it moved to 7pm. 
Star class
Kelley's father had toured her through glass factories at night when she was young. [http://www.myhero.com/myhero/hero.asp?hero=f_kelley] Kelley fought to make it illegal for children under the age of 14 to work and to limit the hours of children under 16. She sought to give them the right of education, arguing children must be nurtured to be intelligent people.
He re-signed with Carolina during the 2006 off-season, where he continued to back up Delhomme. On December 10, 2006 in a game against the New York Giants, Weinke made his first start since 2001 in place of an injured Delhomme. The Panthers lost the game, but Weinke threw for 423 yards, topping the previous single-game team record of 373 set by Steve Beuerlein. Weinke started the next two games against the Pittsburgh Steelers and Atlanta Falcons, with the game against Atlanta being his second (and last) win as a starter in the NFL.
Advantages of BHM.

Men's 1500 metres
Underfolk.
Drawing Hands
"Beat"'s Neala Johnson compared the album's political motifs to the Manic Street Preachers—"an earnest, sometimes cynical, social and personal conscience displayed in the lyrics". Noel Mangel of "The Courier-Mail" said it had "a lightness of touch and boisterous spirit", especially compared to the distorted guitars on debut album "Parables for Wooden Ears". MS Queensland's Lauren McKay said the album ranked up there with the best of Bon Jovi and Robbie Williams. "Time Off"s Geoff Nicholson said "Internationalist" was "a blend of shimmering pop songs and thought-provoking probing".

Three of the GBL's teams, Long Beach, Chico and Yuma, operated in cities that once hosted Western Baseball League teams. The WBL operated from 1995 to 2002.
