2000-?
Traditional high schools.
The Kitemark was originally conceived in 1903 as a symbol to identify products manufactured to meet British Standards' specifications. ‘Kitemark’ came from the kite shape of the graphic device which was drawn up – an uppercase B (for British) on its back, over an S (for standard), enclosed by two lines. 


50th Street is a local station on the IRT Broadway – Seventh Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of 50th Street and Broadway at the northwest corner of the Theater District, it is served by the 1 train at all times, and by the 2 train during late nights. 
Occasionally, terms such as monoplegia, paraplegia, triplegia, and pentaplegia may also be used to refer to specific manifestations of the spasticity.

Robinson Road
History.
<doc id="3256366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3256366" title="Laura Bailey (voice actress)">

<doc id="3257165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3257165" title="Battle of Soor">
<doc id="3257669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3257669" title="Alan Baddeley">
Development.
The original Londonderry Waterside Station was opened on 29 December 1852 by Steven Alfred John Campbell, a well known banker at that time. It closed on 24 March 1980, but the station building remains intact. A new station of the same name replaced the larger terminus in 1980, after services were reduced and track layout was severely rationalised. The line consisted of a single jointed track with loops at Castlerock and Coleraine stations.
The earliest found settlements in Igboland date back to 4500 BC in the central area, from where the majority of the Igbo-speaking population is believed to have migrated. The northern Igbo Kingdom of Nri, which rose around the tenth century, is credited with the foundation of much of Igboland's culture, customs, and religious practices. It is the oldest existing monarchy in present-day Nigeria. In southern Igboland several groups developed, of which the most notable was the Aro confederacy. Igboland was part of the Southern Nigeria colony of the British Empire and was amalgamated into modern-day Nigeria in 1914; the nation gained independence in 1960. Shortly afterwards Igboland was involved in its biggest war during Biafra's movement for secession, which eventually ended in 1970 when this area rejoined Nigeria.
In the film, the character of "Father" gets considerably more screen time. She initially does not seem very important; she is simply a higher official, whereas "Mother" is the direct authority over John Steed (portrayed by Ralph Fiennes) and Emma Peel (portrayed by Uma Thurman). Her importance to the plot becomes obvious near the end of the movie, when it is revealed that she is a traitor in league with the villain, Sir August de Wynter (portrayed by Sean Connery).
Vivarini
While the band has seen several members come and go (and come again), Taylor has said on more than one occasion that the band decided sometime after 1994's "Forum" that "Undercover is Ojo, Gym, Sim, and Gary," emphasizing that any other lineup, if any, would in the future be called something else.
List of Jewish American playwrights

Background.
Consider a homogeneous linear "n"th-order ("n" ≥ 1) ordinary differential equation

While playing with Loudmouth, Dan played an Ibanez Iceman amplified through a Peavey Ultra 120 head with Peavey 4x12 cabinets. Early on with his career with Disturbed, Donegan played Gibson Les Paul Standards and SGs. Then, he switched to play a few Paul Reed Smith models, the Tremonti Model and a PRS Singlecut. In 2005, Washburn Guitars built Donegan his own signature model called the Maya, named after his daughter. For 2010, Dan built a signature guitar with Schecter guitars, that is based on the ultra classic model (his being the ultra DD). Donegan is a fan of GHS Boomer guitar strings and uses the 12-52 gauge set. He also uses Seymour Duncan pickups in his guitars. He is currently signed to Schecter Guitars.

<doc id="3262408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3262408" title="Vanua Balavu">
Students and alumni are referred as Xaverians or DOXs. The Old Xaverians are mainly networked through their Yahoo group. The alumni meet up in locations like Mumbai, Delhi, San Francisco, Singapore etc., besides the meets at Ranchi.
Status as first self-described graphic novel.
<doc id="3263524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3263524" title="East African florin">

Ireland.
When fitted with the C-type head, 2-inch sand-cast H8 carburettors, heavier torsion bars and twin exhaust pipes, the car was designated XK140 SE in the UK and XK140 MC in North America.
Since its passage a variety of changes and proposals have been considered, and changes are still being considered. Congress has discussed proposals to impose a moratorium on any new tribal-state compacts or on new Indian gaming operations.
