However, Pei would soon begin to run afoul of Empress Dowager Wu. Later in 684, pursuant to suggestions by her nephew Wu Chengsi, Empress Dowager Wu planned to posthumously honor her ancestors princes, and also build seven ancestral temples for them—a highly sensitive move, in that regulations allowed only the emperor to build seven ancestral temples, while any noble family, no matter how honored, was restricted to no more than five temples. Pei argued against the move, specifically comparing Empress Dowager Wu's actions to those of Emperor Gao of Han's wife Empress Lü Zhi (whose clan was powerful in her lifetime as empress dowager but was slaughtered after her death), to no avail, and she began to view him negatively from that point on. Their conflict became worsened later that year, as Empress Dowager Wu, listening to Wu Chengsi's advice, began considering seizing the throne herself with the title of "emperor." She, Wu Chengsi, and another powerful nephew Wu Sansi were all concerned about the high esteem the people held for Emperor Ruizong's granduncles Li Yuanjia (李元嘉) the Prince of Han and Li Lingkui (李靈夔) the Prince of Lu, and Wu Chengsi suggested that she find excuses to have them executed. When Empress Dowager Wu consulted the chancellors, both Liu Yizhi and Wei Siqian were fearful and therefore did not dare to speak, but Pei strenuously objected, making her even more angry at him.
The system has wells, dams and underground canals built to store the water and control the amount of water flow. Vertical wells are dug at various points to tap into the groundwater flowing down sloping land from the source, the mountain runoff. The water is then channeled through underground canals dug from the bottom of one well to the next well and then to the desired destination, Turpan's irrigation system. This irrigation system of special connected wells originated during the Han Dynasty (206 BCE – 24 CE).
Winzapper


Óscar Fabbiani
The plague hit Kandy by the end of 1927 and Fr. Hyde obtained the Bishop's permission to shift at least the junior boarders out of Kandy to Katugastota. The renovating and reconditioning of the new premises thus began in November 1927. With drains all around, outer walls had to be bound to the grounds, the inner walls removed and replaced by pillars and the roof supported by trusses. Water service was installed and Titus lamps provided the lighting. The classes were housed in a shed made of coconut pillars, mango rafters, corrugated iron roof and wattle-and-daub dwarf walls. On 16 January 1928, the junior boarders were installed at Katugastota with a solemn planting of trees to commemorate the event. The verandah of the old walauwa served as a chapel.
Experiments and Observations on Different Kinds of Air (1774–86) is a six-volume work published by 18th-century British polymath Joseph Priestley which reports a series of his experiments on "airs" or gases, most notably his discovery of oxygen gas (which he called "dephlogisticated air").
