"Ciudad del Saber" was born from the idea of converting some military areas located in the former Panama Canal Zone into a center for knowledge exchange. The project was supported by former presidents Nicolás Ardito Barletta and Ernesto Pérez Balladares, and was presented by the later one at the Summit of the Americas held in Miami, Florida in December 1994. The non-profit foundation that manages the park today was created in 1995. The current facilities at Fort Clayton were officially handed over to the foundation by president Mireya Moscoso in November 1999, during the final stage of the implementation of the Torrijos-Carter Treaties. Today, the institution provides facilities and support to programs in education, research, technological development and innovation, while promoting integration of institutions, business, and programs.

Carattini continued to go to school and graduated from the Jesus T. Piñero high school of Cidra. In 1958, he enrolled in the Catholic University of Ponce and after one year transferred to the University of Puerto Rico in Río Piedras. In 1960, he earned his teacher's certificate and in 1961 his Bachelors of Science degree. He returned to his hometown and became a teacher.

In February 1936, he punched his left hand through a glass door during a bar fight, and the hand became infected with gangrene. White was advised by doctors to amputate the hand, and White repeatedly refused. Amputation was averted, but his chording hand was left immobile. Afterwards, he retreated from his recording career to become a dock worker, an elevator operator, and a building superintendent. During the time when his hand was lame, he squeezed a small rubber ball to try and revive it.
Choir.

The third and newest of the IC3's offspring is specifically designed for use in the regional traffic in areas surrounding the Oresund Bridge. The train is operated by both DSB and Veolia Transdev. Its formation is ET-FT-ET. The train is electrically powered, and can run on both Danish power (25 kV, 50 Hz) and Swedish power (15kV, 16 Hz). It is called Contessa by its manufacturer, and designated Litra ET in Denmark and X31K in Sweden. Only the front and the cabin are similar to IC3. The wheels, bogies and engines are more similar to Bombardier Regina and each carriage has two bogies. It is used for the regional cross-border traffic called Øresundstog, and the train type is also often called that, these trains are used for some other traffic also.

Trivia.
