The goalposts were originally located on the goal line; this led to many injuries and sometimes interfered with play, and the NCAA moved the goal posts to the rear of the end zone in 1927. The NFL (still following NCAA rules at the time) followed suit, but moved the posts back to the goal line starting in the 1932 NFL Playoff Game, a change made necessary by the size of the indoor Chicago Stadium and kept when the NFL rules stopped mirroring the NCAA rules in 1933. The NFL kept the post at the goal line until 1974, when they were moved back to the rear of the end zone in 1974, as a result of the narrowed hashmark distance of 1972, which had made for easier field-goal angles. The Canadian game still has posts on the goal line.

<doc id="8380283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8380283" title="Air Pennsylvania">

The Issyk inscription is not yet certainly deciphered, and is probably in a Scythian dialect, constituting one of very few autochthonous epigraphic traces of that language. Harmatta (1999), using the Kharoṣṭhī script, identifies the language as Khotanese Saka dialect spoken by the Kushans, tentatively translating:
The contemporary poet, John Stigall (1990) has expressed the issue succinctly: Racism is stupid. Hatred is a bitch. Yeah, prejudice is like a house dog hunching on your leg. But you got to shake it off or it'll really screwwwwwww your head up. 
In September 2009, "The Daily Beast" launched a publishing initiative entitled "Beast Books" that will produce books by Beast writers on an accelerated publishing schedule. In March 2013, “Beast Books,” now operating under the name “Book Beast,” won a National Magazine Award for Website Department, which "Honors a department, channel or microsite."
It was nominated for the 2006 World Soundtrack Awards, with Original Music by 
The following state parks are within of Jacobsburg Environmental Education Center:

Al-Ittihad.
Spirulina

The station opened on 15 June 1874. Although passenger trains were withdrawn from 6 September 1965 a substitute bus service was provided until official closure on 4 October 1965 The closure was originally temporary, but then became permanent and the station was demolished. The station was the southern terminus of the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway, as well as being the terminus for trains from London Waterloo and other local trains.

There are five small lakes or tarns, called the East Tarns, grouped together on the eastern part of the plateau just to the north of the summit of Tarn Rigg Hill. The West Tarn, meanwhile, lies at the north-western end of the summit plateau at , and is difficult to find on the almost flat top because it nestles in a slight hollow, even though it can be seen from the trig point. It may be located from the latter by following the western rim of the plateau, overlooking Sedbergh, until two cairns point the way to the tarn.

<doc id="8391284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8391284" title="Almont, Colorado">
