
USS Sibyl (1863)
Spillman's black pickup truck matched the description of a vehicle seen in the parking lot of the victims' home on the night of the murder. That evening Spillman was stopped in the parking lot of a VFW hall nearby. Later a knife was recovered at that location. It was a 12-inch knife covered in blood and appeared to match a knife set in the victims' home. Before he was arrested, Spillman was kept under surveillance for a week while laboratory tests were performed. The woman and her daughter had both been sexually mutilated and posed in provocative positions.
Four members of Bamboo Shoots are of Indian descent. Shiv Puri is Punjabi, Karl Sukhia is Parsi, Ankur Patel is Gujarati, and Avir Mitra is half Bengali and half Parsi. All members were born and raised in the US except Karl, who was born in the UK and spent his early years in India.
Dinant had a very busy summer in 2012, hosting events at Luxor Hotel and Share Nightclub. He made Norm Clarke's Vegas gossip column regularly for partying with Perez Hilton, Pepper MaShay, comedian Jen Kober and Laura Croft. 
One Town One Product (OTOP) is a promotional program of the government of the Philippines. OTOP aims to promote goods and products of Filipino towns, cities, and regions, and provides funding for small businesses. It is administered by the Department of Budget and Management (DBM).
In August 1917 he returned to Russia by ship to Vladivostok with his wife and two children. There he became the secretary of the Domestic Servants Union and acted as the union representative on the existing Vladivostok Soviet. He then joined the city council of Nikolsk-Ussurisk despite his known Bolshevik affiliation, and within two weeks had set up a rival Soviet which elected him its President. He was at a workers convention in Vladivostok October 28, 1917 when news of the Bolshevik seizure of power in Petrograd reached the city. The convention broke up having failed to agree on whether to recognise the new government, as members of the old Zemstvos opposed the Bolshevik coup and rule by soviets. Krasnoshchyokov returned to Nikolsk to organise a new conference of soviets which met at Khabarovsk December 11, 1917 to press for rule by soviets throughout the Maritime Province, while a rival conference organised by the Zemstvos opened a day earlier. Failing to agree once more, the Soviet dispersed their rival and set up a Coalition Government in the Amur valley at Khabarovsk in January 1918 called the Far Eastern Council of Peoples Commissars, leaving a minority of members to Zemstvo nominees. Krasnoshchyokov was elected President but the Blagoveschensk Zemstvo refused to join and was expelled. A new soviet was chosen which then voted to join the Amur government in February 1918, but Vladivostok and the Maritime Province still held out. In March 1918 Chinese forces crossed the Amur from Aigun to protect its nationals in Blagoveschensk, where they joined a (White) 'City Guard' force of about 5,000 and 2,000 Cossacks. The Soviet was surrounded at Government House protected only by remnants of the old Alexander Kerensky troops and Krasnoshchyokov was promptly imprisoned when he came to intercede. However the Khabarovsk soviet sent more soldiers and 15,000 peasants came to his aid, which enabled the 'Red' forces to retake the city a week later. Krasnoshchyokov was freed and with difficulty managed to restore order among the peasants who were now intent on looting the city after the Whites had fled along with the city bankers and merchants across the river into Chinese territory. In April 1918 the local soviet dissolved the Vladivostok Zemstvo and city council and declared itself the local government, and in May 1918 recognised the Amur government headed by Krasnoshchyokov. Thus the whole of the Russian Far East was now unified under one government, although this was not to last for very long.
The guns were later used as coastal artillery after the ships were broken up, and served during the Second World War, notably in the Battle of Dakar.


