Men's national team.

Winston Alexander Watts (born 8 December 1967) is a member of the Jamaica national bobsleigh team. He has been a participant at four Olympics, most recently the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Norka Latamblet
She married Adrian Belsey, a dentist, with whom she had a son, James, and an adopted daughter, Marigold, but the marriage faltered. In 1947, she met John Goodwin, a former lieutenant in the RNVR and later theatre publicist and head of publications and publicity at the Royal Shakespeare Company and The National Theatre, he also edited Peter Hall's diaries and they had a son, Tim. They finally married in 1971, after she was widowed.
Bonfoy–Barstow House is a historic home located at West Winfield in Herkimer County, New York. It was built in 1888, and consists of a square front block with rear addition. They are of frame construction with gable roofs. The front block is 2 1/2-stories, two bays by two bays. The rear addition was originally a two-story, two bay block with a one story shed roofed wing. That shed roofed wing was expanded to two-stories in the 1940s. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house. It is an example of late-19th century, middle class vernacular architecture.
Burkina Faso, Central Africa, Congo, Ethiopia, Ghana, Libya, Mauritius and Senegal (Senegal lost one match to Gambia 0-2) did not play in this round. This meant a bye was given to respectively Ivory Coast, Gabon, Angola, Sudan, Togo, Morocco, Swaziland and Gambia. Liberia won against Guinea (home 2-2 and away 2-1), but were disqualified due to using ineligible players. All in all, not a single teams actually qualified for the next round on its own results.
The 2012 Olympics one minute of silence campaign refers to an international campaign created to persuade the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to hold one minute of silence at the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics to remember the Israeli athletes killed in the Munich massacre at the 1972 Olympics by the Palestinian terrorist organization Black September. Support for the campaign has come from a number of high-ranking officials and governments, including the United States Congress, U.S. President Barack Obama, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the Italian Parliament, the Australian Parliament, the Canadian Parliament, the German Parliament, and German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle.
Recognition.
GM Automotive Centre of Excellence (ACE).
Natalia Kuziutina
The way the "Hall Boys" got started in the shooting sports is because the neighbor kid had received a BB gun for Christmas, and Jonathan's oldest brother wanted one too. when James asked their anti gun (at the time) mother if they could get a BB gun, at first she refused but then she figured she could "bore" her children out of wanting a gun by sending them to a day hunter safety education course. where Jonathan and his brothers met the Local 4-H BB program coach and it all started from there.
Marko Jevtović (, born January 5, 1987 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian table tennis player. At the 2009 Summer Universiade, he won a bronze medal in the Men's doubles. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's singles, but was defeated in the first round.

The phrase "Oppan Gangnam Style" was entered into "The Yale Book of Quotations" as one of the most famous quotes of 2012.
While originally designed for tape recordings, Nakamichi demonstrated the usage of High Com II on vinyl records as well in 1979. In 1982 the same AEG-Telefunken team, who designed the High Com noise reduction system, also developed the IC "U2141B" for the CBS Laboratories CX noise reduction system for vinyl records.
Bishop Tesfaselassie Medhin, Ethiopia
Water is fed to the powerplant from a low dam about upstream. Overflow is controlled by two tainter gates between concrete piers. A wide fish ladder climbs the north side of the dam. On the south side a large sluice gate allows the small reservoir to be drained. The intake structure is between the sluice gate and the south buttress wall, housed in a small wood frame intake house.A one-story wood-frame watchman's house is just downstream from the intake house, and is joined to the intake house. The power plant intake conduit is a diameter reinforced concrete pipe for the first , transitioning to a welded steel pipe. This replaced of concrete pipe and of wood stave pipe in 1949. The conduit is buried along most of its length. It crosses the river on a -span riveted steel Howe truss bridge made by the American Bridge Company downstream from the dam. Total head is about to . Since the conduit has been altered and is partly buried under the rail line it is not included in the historic district designation.


Kheyrabad, Nasrabad

Mandan Commercial Historic District
Sylvia Schmelkes (born 28 July 1948) is a Mexican sociologist and education researcher. She is best known for her work in intercultural education, and her book 'Toward better quality of our schools'. Schmelkes has also written over 100 academic texts and essays. She is a former General Coordinator of Intercultural and Bilingual Education at the Secretariat of Public Education in Mexico, and is currently heading the Research Institute for the Development of Education at the Iberoamerican University.
Dusk Till Dawn (album)
Recognition.

Kim Hye-jin (swimmer)


Sasha Mehmedovic
K36
<doc id="36597837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597837" title="Anton Samba">
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

Career.
