Later years.

Composition.
While in imprisonment in the Arena Cell, both Miguel (Spider-Man) and Relur (the Human Torch) reveal to each other their identity. Relur is one of the few existing Atlantian Mutants who were able to escape; he attributes his success to his fire ability; Miguel reveals his name and his reason for being there. After their discussion the two break out and escape. Meanwhile, George tricks Lyla and puts her out of commission for a few hours. He then manages to hack his way into the Chronosphere and is surprised to see that it shows Jack Gallows, but is even more surprised that he is in the past. When George tries to contact Jack, Jack believes that it is Thor contacting him, which makes George even more puzzled and gives him cause to question what Tyler was doing. While still searching for Shakti, Spider-Man sees both Miguel and Relur pass by and confronts Miguel as to why he's still wearing his Spider-Man costume. In the Smithsonian, Doctor Doom reveals to both Logan and Kenshiro that they must find Shakti in New York before he dies, but not before another time event is experienced. With the time stream badly damaged, both past and future eras begin to clash, causing individuals to crossover and leaving both Shakti and the Hulks in 2009 New York.
Chaperal, Ottawa

Plans for the future city of Babcock Ranch were announced in 2005 by real estate development firm Kitson & Partners as part of a complex real estate transaction that facilitated the largest conservation land acquisition in Florida history. In 2009, the company joined with Florida Power & Light to announce plans to make Babcock Ranch the first solar-powered city in the United States. The largest photovoltaic power station in the world and a network of rooftop solar panels on commercial buildings, planned to be expanded over time, are intended to send more renewable power into the Florida electrical grid than the city consumes. Kitson & Partners have stated their goal is for Babcock Ranch to be the "world's most sustainable city". Vertical construction is planned for 2015 on Babcock and a grand opening is planned for January 2016.

Uncommon Grounds Coffeehouse
"Empire Patriot".
