In 2000, Chow Ho-Wan qualified 5th on a Honda RS125 and finished 4th.
Antonio Avelar
Paralopostega peleana
Life.
Keratosis follicularis squamosa Dohi is a kind of follicular keratosis, in which scales appear elevated from skin surface reminding one of the floating leaves of the lotus.
Sunday Shows
That high reward which Heav'n alone can give!
Five defendants were then indicted for stealing £50 from the house of Robert Edwards in Ely. Mr Gurney addressed the jury at length describing the events occurring in the town of Ely on the morning of the 23 May 1816. Eight witnesses were called. The jury returned guilty verdicts against Dennis, Jefferson, and Rutter. Hopkin and Cammell were given not guilty verdicts.
Thomas Reid (humanist)
History.

<doc id="28654386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28654386" title="Cavalcanti, Rio de Janeiro">
Events in the year 2010 in Japan.
"Labia minor" is widespread in temperate zones around the world. It is unclear whether it is a native species in North America, or an early adventive species. The first record from the United States dates from 1838, but the species may have been present for a long time before that. It ranges further north, into British Columbia and Quebec than any other earwig species, and is the only earwig in Quebec. It has also been introduced to Australia, Madeira, the Galápagos Islands and the Philippines. The species is probably often overlooked, however, due to its small size, and may be more widespread than is currently known.
Geister, who joined North Melbourne in 1994, spent his time at the club as an understudy to full-back Mick Martyn. He made his debut in the final round of the 1995 AFL season and then appeared in two finals, a qualifying final win over Richmond and semi final against the West Coast Eagles. 
For the species:

Portugal started to occupy parts of coastal Morocco from 1415 with the conquest of Ceuta, which was besieged unsuccessfully three years later by the Moroccans. Then under Afonso V of Portugal, Portugal conquered Alcácer Ceguer (1458), Tangiers (won and lost several times between 1460 and 1464) and Arzila (1471). This achievements granted the king the nickname of "the African".
External links.
