As of the census of 2010, there were 1,734 people, 936 households, and 320 families residing in the neighborhood. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 21.5% African American, 67.0% White, 3.5% Asian, 0.1% Native American, 0.3% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.5% of the population.
I.Q. (comics)
Foreign observers.
The publishers, Chambers Harrap, who were formerly based in Edinburgh, claim their "Biographical Dictionary" is the most comprehensive and authoritative single-volume biographical dictionary available, covering entries in such areas as sport, science, music, art, literature, politics, television, and film. The 1990 reprint is published by University Press, Cambridge.
1916, 29. IV. – married to Marie (called Máša), maiden name Machoňová, the graduate of School of painting and drawing for ladies (1908/1912, Prof. Em. Krostová) and Academy of Arts Architecture and Design in Prague (1912/1916) 
<doc id="13821081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13821081" title="Saint-Venant">
"Celtics win series 3–0"
Jim Lee is a producer in the music industry of Taiwan. He has earned several awards during his 20 plus years in the business. He has worked as A&R manager for various international record labels, as well as an independent producer, engineer, musician and composer throughout his career.
Trustee.
Bottle fermentation is a method of sparkling wine production, originating in the Champagne region where after the cuvee has gone through a primary yeast fermentation the wine is then bottled and goes through a secondary fermentation where sugar and additional yeast known as "liqueur de tirage" is added to the wine. This secondary fermentation is what creates the carbon dioxide bubbles that sparkling wine is known for.
The 2008 World Series was the 104th World Series between the American and National Leagues for the championship of Major League Baseball. The Philadelphia Phillies, as champions of the National League, and the Tampa Bay Rays, as American League champions, competed to win four games out of a possible seven.



Guarantors of Mountain Wilderness are a group of intellectuals, writers, mountaineers, world-travelers, who are recognized through their achievements and their long-time commitment to the shared values of Mountain Wilderness. They play the roles of international representatives and advisors for the association.
Bruno Ahlberg

Fuller would make only occasional appearances with WCW for most of the year, defeating Sick Boy at WCW Thunder in Birmingham, Alabama on July 14 instead wrestling for independent promotions including an appearance at Ultimate Professional Wrestling's Slam & Jam '99 defeating former trainer "Mr. USA" Tony Atlas at the Augusta Civic Center in Augusta, Maine on December 30, 1999.
