Case studies.
<doc id="2016302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2016302" title="Antony and the Johnsons">
Arts awards.
<doc id="2016602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2016602" title="The Legend of the Invisible City of Kitezh and the Maiden Fevroniya">
Today, the town is a tourist attraction because of its history, traditional architecture and crafts such as textiles and ceramics. Many bars, hotels, and resorts have been constructed both in Hội An and the surrounding area. The port mouth and boats are still used for both fishing and tourism. 
Larry Kane

When the Prince became King George IV in 1820 he moved to Buckingham Palace. Instructions were given in 1826 to the Commissioners of Woods and Forests that "Carlton Palace" should be given up to the public, be demolished and the site and gardens laid out as building ground for "dwelling houses of the First Class". By 1829 the Commissioners reported that the site was completely cleared and that part of it had already been let on building leases. Materials from the demolition were sold by public auction, with some fixtures transferred to Windsor Castle and to "The King's House, Pimlico". Columns of the portico were re-used in the design for the new National Gallery in Trafalgar Square, interior Ionic columns were moved to the conservatories of Buckingham Palace, and some of the armorial stained glass was incorporated in windows of Windsor Castle.

Dangermond has had a strong impact on the development of GIS methodologies, the GIS software market, GIS technology research and related analytical methods. He has received many awards reflecting the influence of his work, including:

Phylogeny.
The project began in 1995 as an outgrowth from a project designed to help provide accurate weather forecasts for the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In collaboration with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, IBM scientists built one of the first parallel processing supercomputers to be used for weather modeling, based on the IBM RS/6000 SP. It was installed at the National Weather Service office in Peachtree City, Georgia in 1996, where it ran for several months and produced multiple forecasts daily. After a few years of development, the team set up an implementation in New York City in 2001 to test the project. The group is currently working on establishing the Rio de Janeiro operations center.
Knippelsbro.
Confessions of an Advertising Man
At one point he is kept prisoner in a scientific facility seeking to weaponize his energies. Violator has to deal with an unexpected trip to hell, an insanely murderous angel and the facility's director of security, the stone-bodied Badrock. 
For practical purposes, the grid has been extended to cover 186 THz to 201 THz and subdivided to provide 50 GHz and 25 GHz spaced grids.
If no one can use the first card drawn, a second card is then drawn by the same player to the right of the dealer. Each player only draws one card before the next person's turn for the remainder of the game.
In 1924 magnesium alloys (AZ;2,5–3,0% Al;3,0–4,0% Zn) were used in automobile pistons which were diecast by Elektronmetall Bad Cannstatt, another IG Farben company formed out of Versuchsbau Hellmuth Hirth.
Purohit
Album - Billboard (North America)
The obituary of Beck published in The Kentucky Gazette eulogized his nature paintings as one of the best among the works of the contemporary artists. The talented artist, however, was hardly given any credit for his outstanding works and was driven in his later days to a life of drudgery at the school he was running, frustration and bitterness.
Background.
Alex Sanderson
Much of the available material that discusses the word "Jahbulon" does not address the administrative and jurisdictional distinctions amongst the appendant bodies of Freemasonry. Royal Arch Masonry is an appendant body to Freemasonry. In some areas it forms part of the York Rite, and in others it is an independent body. To be eligible to join one must first be a Master Mason. The administration of the Royal Arch is entirely separate from the administration of Craft Freemasonry. Every Masonic organization is sovereign only in its own jurisdiction, and has no authority in any other jurisdiction. This means that there is no standardization whatsoever with regards to words, signs, grips, or any other Masonic "secrets".
Jinx.
Joaquín officially moved to Valencia in late August 2006 for €25 million, making him the club's most expensive signing to that date as the player penned a five-year contract, with the choice of a further one-year extension. In his first year he played 35 matches and scored five goals, as the "Che" made it to the Champions League's qualifying rounds.
However, the LCA has some reservations when it comes to deciding how much attention it should give to other social justice issues. Indeed, some members are concerned that "Full membership the Lutheran World Federation could lead us down the path of social activism since some LWF churches seem to care more about social justice than justification by faith."
The Gewehr 98 (abbreviated G98, Gew 98 or M98) is a German bolt action Mauser rifle firing cartridges from a 5 round internal clip-loaded magazine that was the German service rifle from 1898 to 1935, when it was replaced by the Karabiner 98k. The Gewehr 98 action, using stripper clip loading with the powerful 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge, introduced advanced infantry weapon features rapidly adopted in the Anglo-American Pattern 1914 Enfield/M1917 Enfield and the Japanese Arisaka Type 38/Type 99. The Gewehr 98 replaced the earlier Gewehr 1888 rifle as the German service rifle, first saw combat in the Boxer Rebellion, and was the main German infantry rifle of World War I. The Gewehr 98 saw further military use by the Ottoman Empire and by Spanish Nationalists. Many have been converted to sporting use.
Inequality Reexamined is a book by Amartya Sen. In the book Sen evaluates the different perspectives of the general notion of inequality, focusing mainly on his well known capability approach. The author argues that inequality is a central notion to every social theory that has stood on time. For only if this basic feature is satisfied can a social theory which advocates a set of social arrangements be plausible. Taken the inequality ingredient for granted, the crucial question becomes: inequality of what? Sen answers this basic question by advocating his preferred notion of equality which is based on the capability for Functions.

Tesnusocaris
The National Bureau was the institution through which Mitchell had greatest influence. There his important associates included Arthur Burns and Simon Kuznets. In his autobiography Kuznets acknowledges his "great intellectual debt to Mitchell."


Norwegian usage peaked in the interbellum period, with more than 2% of newly born girls so named in 1920; popularity declined gradually over the 1930s to 1960s, but picked up again in the late 1970s, peaking above 1.5% in the 1990s.
Seven years after his retirement from playing, Keher received the ultimate honour during the GAA's centenary year in 1984 when he was chosen at left corner-forward on the Hurling Team of the Century. He was one of only a handful of players from the "modern era" to be listed on the team. Keher swapped to the right corner-forward position on the Hurling Team of the Millennium in 2000, while he was also named on a special Kilkenny Team of the Century.
<doc id="2025578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2025578" title="Til">
In England and Wales, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Canada, Sri Lanka, and Israel it is generally considered inappropriate to comment publicly on cases "sub judice", which can be an offence in itself, leading to contempt of court proceedings. This is particularly true in criminal cases, where publicly discussing cases "sub judice" may constitute interference with due process.
<doc id="2025865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2025865" title="Struther Arnott">
<doc id="2026055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2026055" title="TV.com">
Samuel Påhlsson
Distinguishing taxonomic features.
QR III
Final.
