
Glazenap (crater)
George Novack
On 8 October 1924 the oblast was elevated to the status of autonomous republic and included several other territories, including some with little Moldavian population, such as the Balta district (where the capital was located), which had only 2.52% Moldavians.
"Cucumis anguria" is also cultivated, but not indigenous to, nor yet believed to have become naturalized in these places: Cape Verde; Réunion; Senegal; and parts of the Caribbean not already mentioned above.

<doc id="1817729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1817729" title="Pat Brady">
The critical part of making an advertising campaign is determining a "campaign theme" as it sets the tone for the individual advertisements and other forms of marketing communications that will be used. The campaign theme is the central message that will be communicated in the promotional activities. The campaign themes are usually developed with the intention of being used for a substantial period but many of them are short-lived due to factors such as being ineffective or market conditions and / or competition in the marketplace and marketing mix.
The prominence of European Portuguese.
Kyla interpreted the song ""Be My Everything"" originally written by Jessa Mae Gabon during A Song of Praise (ASOP) Music Festival 2012, the Philippines’ first praise song competition on television. It was held at The Araneta Coliseum on September 24, 2012. ASOP music festival was an anticipated biannual event at MCGI and is in continued search for best praise songs from composers within the organization alongside ASOP TV. Kyla was also a guest performer at Rachelle Ann Go's ""Rise Against Gravity"" concert at the Music Museum on October 26, 2012.
Use of the Bus Rapid Transit System costs one yuan (or, if a Changzhou Bus Card is used, either three or six jiao depending on the type of card) and provides access throughout Changzhou. The BRT has the following specifications: separate bus lanes or bus-only roadways, a vast network of routes and corridors, high capacity buses operating both outside and inside these corridors, greater passenger volume as compared to that in mixed traffic lanes (-3000 pphpd), enhanced station environments (not just simple bus shelters), automated pre-boarding fare collection and fare verification, street level boarding and alighting, low emission vehicle technology (Euro III or higher), weather protection on station platforms, centralized system controls, real-time next bus information display, a distinctive marketing identity, high-quality passenger service at bus stations, segregated bike lanes along main corridor(s) as well as station access for disabled persons. The BRT is also located in the following cities: Beijing, Chongqing, Dalian, Changzhou, Guangzhou, Jinan, Hangzhou, Hefei, Kunming, Xiamen, Zhengzhou. and Wulumuqi. A metro network is nevertheless in planning stage.
Irene Parlby was recently award a mural in her honour in Edmonton, Alberta.
