The government demonstrated weak efforts to protect trafficking victims during the reporting period. The government reportedly referred an unknown number of potential victims to NGOs and international organizations for assistance, though government officials did not demonstrate use of systematic referral procedures or proactive measures to identify victims among vulnerable groups, such as foreign children at worksites. The Ministry of Social Affairs continued to provide assistance to a few hundred children, a small number of whom may be trafficking victims. The government did not offer shelter for trafficking victims, but frequently assisted victims by contacting local and international NGOs directly to coordinate shelter and family reunification cases. The government did not provide trafficking victims with access to legal, medical, or psychological services, and did not subsidize services provided by foreign or domestic NGOs. Foreign trafficking victims do not benefit from permanent residency status or relief from deportation. The government reported that 106 trafficked children were identified by various entities in 2009, but offered no additional data on these children. The government occasionally provided victims refuge in jails when no alternative was available. The government encouraged trafficking victims to assist in the investigation and prosecution of their traffickers, as long as the victim was at least 12 years of age. At the government’s invitation, two such victims, one of whom was a child, separately discussed their cases on national television in April and June 2009, though their traffickers had not been brought to justice; this raises concerns for the security and well-being of the victims.
Since then, the Auditor General has been governed solely by the "Auditor General Act". Per the Act, the Legislative Assembly must unanimously appoint a person to be the Auditor General. The Auditor General holds office for a non-renewable eight-year term. 
<doc id="30251073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30251073" title="Fowey Consols mine">
<doc id="30251799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30251799" title="Kole, Uganda">
Daanveer is a 1996 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Ronit Roy, Rambha, Gulshan Grover and Prem Chopra.
As for exportation, it supports HTML and MyNotex' native format. Also, a note can be copied as LaTeX or opened with OpenOffice.org, LibreOffice or the default web browser, which allows among others to print content. Finally, it's possible to send the text of a note by email.
In 1793 Homfray bought out his partners with help from the Bristol-based Quaker family the Harfords, who in 1796 bought out Homfray himself to take complete ownership.
Historical note.
Kampung Teriso
Giovanni Torriano, in his "The Italian Reviv'd", equated some English clubs of the Restoration period with groups who in France or Italy would be called "academies".
