The National Highway (India) 39 which connects Numaligarh, Assam to the end of Indo-Myanmar Border town Moreh runs through Khangabok. This road is included in AH1, longest route of the Asian Highway Network. Other important intra-village roads connecting various places of village are: Khullak Road, Mamang Road, Sorok Wangma Road, Moirang Palli Road and Makha Road. Khullak Road is to be converted into a State Highway in near future to provide easy connectivity to access the District hospital situated at the village.

Persigo Gorontalo is a professional Indonesian football team based in Gorontalo. They compete in the second highest division of Indonesian football, Liga Indonesia Premier Division.
Singer-songwriter and producer David Cloyd signed to the label in 2008, and released his debut LP "Unhand Me, You Fiend!" in 2009. The album peaked at #1 on eMusic's Album Charts, and according to a review, "took the indie rock scene by storm." His second album, "I Could Disappear", included solo versions of his debut album, with Cloyd on vocals, piano, and guitar. He released a cover of Paul McCartney's 1971 song "Dear Boy" in September 2011. As of 2013, he is Executive Vice President of Creative Operations at ECR Music Group.
On 20 July 2004, in Parliament, then Deputy Prime Minister, Dr Tony Tan laid out the case for a new Strategic Framework for national security in Parliament. This framework sought to address the issues and close the gaps identified, and put in place the machinery to enable the government to systematically deal with the security issues confronting Singapore. Included within the framework was the plan to re-describe the NSS as the National Security Coordination Secretariat (NSCS) - which was established under the Prime Minister's Office and tasked with national security planning and the coordination of policy and intelligence issues. The NSS was renamed the National Security Coordination Centre (NSCC) and together with the Joint Counter Terrorism Centre (JCTC) formed up the NSCS.
On 10 May Mallory and Somervell left base camp to erect Camp IV on the North Col. They arrived in Camp II only two and a half hours later. On 11 May they started to climb on the North Col. This camp was at a height of 7000 m and was supported with food. The further plan was to do a first ascent trial by Mallory and Somervell without supplemental oxygen, then followed by a second climb by Finch and Norton with oxygen. However, these plans failed as a majority of the climbers became ill. So it was decided that the (more or less) healthy climbers Mallory, Somervell, Norton and Morshead should climb together.
2001 Hamburg Masters – Singles
Knoke was shot down again on 4 October 1943. After downing a B-24 of the 392nd Bombardment Group in a frontal attack, he was hit by the dorsal gunner's fire and Knoke bailed out of his damaged fighter into the bitterly cold North Sea. Covered by aircraft of his unit, Knoke managed to climb into an inflatable raft dropped by a Focke-Wulf "Weihe". He was rescued two hours later by a lifeboat.


"Acaxochi" as the locals say, you know the state was Tula mid 800 AD And continued so until about 1200 d. C. for 1300 A.D. was submitted by the Otomi Jaltocan kingdom kingdom. At this time only Otomi and Totonac was spoken, but to AD 1400 Chichimeca came and introduced the use of the Nahuatl language.
History.
William (Bill) Cochran (30 July 1922 – 28 August 2003) was a prominent Scottish physicist. 


<doc id="20858981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20858981" title="Johann Friedrich Reiffenstein">
In the post-war years, the "DSV" managed to rebuilt its facilities and in 1949 it reopened its club house. 
<doc id="20860568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20860568" title="William Johnson (handballer)">
Coleman's book "Beulah Land" was a New York Times Best Seller in 1974 and earned a record-breaking $800,000 paperback rights contract. His novels "Beulah Land" and "Look Away, Beulah Land" were filmed in 1980 as the NBC miniseries Beulah Land starring Lesley Ann Warren, Michael Sarrazin. Meredith Baxter, and Don Johnson. 
Aeneator otagoensis is a species of large sea snail, a whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
Buildings at Jingo-ji have been destroyed by fire and war. Of the original buildings, only the Daishi-dō survived the Ōnin War; even the present Daishi-dō is of uncertain date. Itakura Katsushige, a daimyo and former Kyoto shoshidai in the Tokugawa shogunate, commissioned a major reconstruction in 1623. Another reconstruction took place in the 1930s with a contribution from Gendō Yamaguchi. Present structures include the following:
Căile Ferate Române Line 400
Edward Brownlow Haygarth (26 April 1854 – 14 April 1915) was an English sportsman who represented the England national football team and played first-class cricket with Gloucestershire and Hampshire.

Józefa Ledwig Bęben (born April 18, 1935) is a Polish former volleyball player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Climate.
Credits.
The 2002 World Baseball Challenge included 12 teams. The Cuban National Team, led by starting pitcher Jose Contreras and shortstop Eduardo Paret, beat the Seattle Studs in the final. Other entries included USA, Taiwan, Italy, Russia, Canada, Houston Astros, Chicago Prairie Gravel, Prince George Axemen, and Samoa.
