<doc id="6172165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6172165" title="Cyathea glaziovii">
<doc id="6172661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6172661" title="Mygdonia, Thessaloniki">
In a departure from the previous season, the third season aired in a new competitive time slot of 9:00 pm on Thursdays, competing against the heavily promoted and highly rated dramatic television series "", which simultaneously aired on the CBS Network. Season three of "Grey's Anatomy" contained 25 episodes, in addition to two clip shows that were produced to recap the previous events of the show, before the introduction of major new arcs. "Complications of the Heart" aired on the same night as the season premiere, recapping the last episodes of the second season with insights into future episodes in the third, while "Every Moment Counts" aired before the twentieth episode. The season also aired a two-part episode arc, which primarily served as a backdoor pilot for a proposed spin-off, "Private Practice", focusing on the departure of Walsh's character, Dr. Addison Montgomery.
In addition to Tolar, the district also serves the community of Paluxy.
Egnatia (Greek: Εγνατία) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Metsovo, of which it is a municipal unit. In 2001 its population was 2,800. The seat of the municipality was in Mikro Peristeri. The municipal unit is connected with both the GR-6/E92 (Larissa - Ioannina - Igoumenitsa) and the new Via Egnatia.
On 22 August, the Center for Democracy in Lebanon called upon the Lebanese people and the Siniora Government to consider a rebuilding plan for a “New Beirut”. The plan calls for a "garden of angels" to commemorate the children, victims of the 2006 Israeli aggression on Lebanon; the garden will be located where the “security square” used to be in the southern suburb and will house about 400 life-size statues for children (one for each fallen child); it will be flanked by a museum of innocence commemorating the war, and a children playground. For details see ...for the children.
<doc id="6175292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6175292" title="Thane to the Throne">
Sandymouth is a beach three miles north of Bude in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. 
Demographics.

Years later, in an 1890 article, these and other families who clustered around Newmans Ridge in Hancock County, Tennessee were classified as Melungeon by a Nashville journalist named Drumgoole. The term was widely used at the time. She was a descendant of Alexander Drumgoole (died 1837) and his Cherokee wife; Drumgoole was a Scots-Irish trader among the Cherokee. The journalist Drumgoole is credited with popularizing many elements of the Melungeon legend at a time when her cohorts among New York travel writers were inventing “hillbillies.”
Student Accommodation.

Celtic.
Radio Controlled Racing Cars.

