

For the whole period of the war the Belgian Army held the flooded plain and dunes area and Nieuwpoort were held by the French until June 1917 when Rawlinson’s British 4th Army attacked along the coast supported by fire from British warships. For the final part of the war the Belgians took responsibility for the entire Yser sector.
Embassy of Colombia, Beijing
Reception.
Dadallah Noor Mohamed Al-Bulushi (; born August 17, 1958 in Makran) is an Omani sport shooter. Al-Bulushi was one of sixteen athletes, including his brother Abdul Latif, who made the nation's official debut at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he competed in two rifle shooting events. He placed forty-ninth in the 50 m rifle prone, with a total score of 582 points, tying his position with three other shooters including Israel's Itzhak Yonassi. Few days later, he competed for his second event, 50 m rifle 3 positions, where he was able to shoot 387 targets in a prone position, 341 in kneeling, and 322 in standing, for an overall total score of 1,050 points, finishing only in fiftieth place.
Other dishes are pork sausages ("fläskkorv"), smoked pork and potato sausages ("isterband"), cabbage rolls ("kåldolmar"), baked beans, omelette with shrimps or mushrooms covered with béchamel sauce. Side dishes include beetroot salad in mayonnaise and warm stewed red, green or brown cabbage.
Ah-Nau was a member of the Australia Under 20 team that competed in the 2010 IRB Junior World Championship.
Design.

Vasco Gil Sodré

On November 1, 2012, Yoon-G released a digital single, "If You Love Me", featuring Jay Park, and released an official music video as well as a behind-the-scenes version, showing Yoon-G and Jay Park in the studio together. Yoon-G performed her single on Korean music shows such as KBS' "Music Bank", Mnet's "M! Countdown", MBC's "Music Core" and SBS' "Inkigayo", alongside Jay Park, who is occasionally replaced by Dalmatian's Simon.
The music video for "Let It Flow" directed by Herb Ritts features water imagery throughout. Toni is shown singing while surrounded by men painted blue facing away from her, and this is interspersed with shots of the men behind and in front of screens of water flowing. Toni is also shown singing while sitting on a white float in the middle of a still body of water.
Cristina Stahl (born April 9, 1978 in Bucharest) is a Romanian foil fencer. She is the daughter of five-time Olympian Ecaterina Stahl-Iencic, who won two bronze medals for the team foil at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, and at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. She is also a member of CSA Steaua Bucuresti in Bucharest, and is coached and trained by Ducu Petre.

