Alcuéscar is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. The town is on the Silver Route (the Via de la Plata) branch of the Camino de Santiago, the pilgrimage trail to the burial place of St. James the Apostle.
Perales del Puerto
The nave is covered with a star-shaped vault, resting on pilasters with semicolumns attached. The main entrance of the temple is in Renaissance style, with four Tuscan columns and empty niches between the columns. The altarpiece consists of eight paintings by Eduardo Acosta representing the four evangelists, scenes from the Battle of Tentudía, with the appearance of the Virgin Perez Correa, and the crowning of the equestrian figure of St. James. The niche is occupied by a restored wood carving of the crucified Christ dating from the 17th century. In the windows there are fleurs-de-lis representing the triumph, and the sword of the Order of Santiago. The pulpit, next to the arch, is octagonal with a granite body resting on a fluted basis, supported by a pillar of granite. At the foot of the staircase is a granite basin of holy water.
Villalba de los Barros is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2006 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 1704 inhabitants.
League top five finishers.
History.

A church was present on the site at the time of the survey for the Domesday Book and it is likely that Saxon churches had previously been there. The base of the tower and the plan of the church date from the 14th century although around 1622 the historian Webb described it as "a fair new church". During the civil war the church was badly damaged. In 1643 it was being used as a barracks for the Parliamentarians under Sir William Brereton when it was attacked by Royalists. During the battle the church was set on fire. It continued to be used by the Parliamentarians until 1645 when it was abandoned and left derelict. Apart from the tower the church was completely rebuilt in 1658 by William Barnston. Further restorations were carried out in the 19th and 20th centuries. The 19th-century restoration was carried out by Kelly and Edwards, other than the southeast chapel which was by John Douglas.
KF Poliçani is an Albanian football club based in the small town of Poliçan. KF Poliçani is currently in the Albanian Second Division.
In '91, the veteran still produced at a .269/.331/.424 rate and he hit .280/.333/.440 in the 1991 Japan Series, Seibu's 7th victory in his time with the club. He won his first Gold Glove in three years. In 1992, Ishige batted .297/.359/.413, won a Gold Glove and made his 7th Best Nine, the first in five years. He hit .240/.286/.440 as Seibu took the 1992 Japan Series for their 8th Series win in his 12 seasons, marking it as the greatest Pacific League dynasty ever - other key contributors in the run had included Koji Akiyama, Kimiyasu Kudoh, Hisanobu Watanabe, Orestes Destrade, Kazuhiro Kiyohara, Taigen Kaku, Osamu Higashio and Tetsuya Shiozaki. Ishige was the captain of the team during the last stretch of Series victories at least. Destrade recalls that Ishige was the team's motivator.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 163
Towards the end of the day, fatigue starts taking its toll and disaster strikes when the hand of a drowsy worker is mangled by a machine. Workers Pautasso, Martinetti and Cesarina decide to form an "ad hoc" committee and speak to management and state their case that the 14-hour work day needs to be shortened by one hour to avoid accidents arising from exhaustion. However, their request is ignored and they only receive admonishments to be more careful. Moreover, a subsequent attempt by the workers to emphasize their grievances by staging a walkout an hour early on the next evening results in a humiliating defeat when they lose their nerve and stay until the usual time.
