An economic bowler, Nurse plays only Twenty20 cricket for Barbados. He has played only two List A games so far and is yet to make his first-class debut.
Thomas Skynner was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1772 until 1775.
<doc id="35483211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35483211" title="Hadnock">
Dar-e Bala
The 2012 Penn Quakers football team represented the University of Pennsylvania in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by 21st year head coach Al Bagnoli and played their home games at Franklin Field. They are a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 6–4, 6–1 in Ivy League play to be crowned Ivy League champions. 
, the following series are published:
Solar power in Massachusetts has been increasing rapidly, due to a 30% tax grant for installations begun before December 31, 2011, and the sale of SRECs for $0.30/kWh, which allow payback for the system within 5 or 6 years, and generating an income for the rest of the life of the system. For systems installed after December 31, 2011, and before December 31, 2016, the 30% tax grant becomes a 30% tax credit. There has been an appeal to the Congress to extend the 1603 program, the grant program, for an additional year.
In mid-March 2011, Apple filed counterclaims against Motorola in the ITC proceeding (which was subsequently removed to the Western District of Wisconsin court), and instituted a new action in the Western District of Wisconsin, "Apple Inc. v. Motorola Mobility, Inc.", alleging that Motorola breached standards commitments (see Context, below), with counterclaims including equitable estoppel, waiver, breach of contract, violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act, unfair competition and interference with contract. Apple sought declaratory judgments that Motorola's license terms involving standards-essential patents were unreasonable and discriminatory, that Motorola was not entitled to injunctive relief, and that Motorola committed patent misuse.
Also, from the bound above on the number of buckets, we have "T"2 = "O"("m"log*"n").
<doc id="35490238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35490238" title="Czech Sign Language">
Stanley Cup playoffs.


<doc id="35494945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35494945" title="Tetsuya Okabe">

The history of jazz in Belgium starts with the Dinant instrument maker Adolphe Sax, whose saxophone became part of military bands in New Orleans around 1900 and would develop into the jazz instrument par excellence. From then on the early history of jazz in Belgium virtually runs parallel to developments in the country of the birth of jazz, from the minstrel shows in the late 19th century until the first Belgian jazz album in 1927 and beyond.
with the other needs. The „WE“ of the group develops from centering around a theme, that is
Diversity.
This is a list of episodes of the Super Sentai parody series "Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger". All episode titles in Season 1 use variations of the kanji generally read as "ita", usually translated as "pain", and is related to the "otaku" phenomenon of the "itasha". Several episode titles reference past Super Sentai titles. Examples include episode 2, with the word "Full Blast" referencing "Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger", and episode 3, with the word "" referencing "GoGo Sentai Boukenger". The episode titles in "Season Tsuu" have the word . The first season aired from April 6 to June 29, 2012 and the second season aired from April 5, 2013 to June 28, 2013.
KBS Local FM Stands for local 1FM stations.
Tylney
The Downtown Campus was opened in December 2009, and is located one block from the Corniche, Cultural Center and Al Hosn Fort. Students and faculties perform academic activities in the Downtown campus until the completion of the Saadiyat Island campus. The Downtown Campus offers a two-story library with media resources and access to Bobst Library in New York, conference rooms, classrooms, a dining hall, café, faculty and administrative offices, a courtyard, and the Mariët Westermann Garden, which is named after NYU Abu Dhabi’s first Provost. In cooperation with UAE University, the campus also has a Neuroscience Language Laboratory.
After the forced extinction of religious orders, during the Liberal government, the monks left the convent, and the building began to serve the state in various forms, including prison, courts, finance offices, theatre and cinema, as well as cultural and sports associations and the municipal office buildings. Over time, it began to fall into ruin, with many of the internal spaces vandalized, windows and doors damaged, water infiltration through the roof and most of its artifacts transferred to expositions. It was finally classified as a "Property of Public Interest" under Decree 129/77, on 29 September 1977, but continued for several years to wait a budget to recuperate and restore its dependencies.
Robbie Stewart



"Ridgeriders" In Concert is a live album by Phil Beer, Ashley Hutchings and Chris While released in 2001. The album is some of the album "Ridgeriders" performed live, along other songs, which was also the soundtrack to a TV documentary series of the same name. The album was also the first album by Phil Beer to be released on the Talking Elephant label.

