The station dates to experimental broadcasts at Michigan State, then known as Michigan Agricultural College, beginning in 1917. WKAR-AM's first official broadcast was a "Founder's Day" speech on May 13, 1922. MAC was granted a full license on August 18, 1922. Although the call letters appear to stand for K(C)ollege of AgricultuRe, they were actually randomly assigned by Herbert Hoover, the U.S. Secretary of Commerce (which was the sole radio licensing authority). It was the only radio station in the Lansing area until 1934.

The airport stated that at the growth rate they were experiencing, they would reach their passenger ceiling in 2009, and would not have room for any other airlines than Norwegian. In November, the airport stated that they in 2008 would lose NOK 100 million, and that they needed between NOK 200 and 300 million in new share capital. However, neither Orkla nor Thon were willing to invest more in the airport unless they passenger ceiling was lifted. In a vote in the Parliament of Norway on 11 December, the ceiling was not lifted, with the proposal only receiving the votes of the opposition. However, the ministry stated that they were going to consider the limitations in the concession. In January, the owners invested 50 million in the company. The airport had 450,000 passengers in 2008.
In January 1949 she was sold to Red Funnel and transferred to Southampton. After refitting at Thorneycroft's yard at Northam she was commissioned in the spring as the company's second "Lorna Doone". For the next three years she operated excursions from Bournemouth in the summer. She was finally withdrawn and scrapped by Dover Industries Ltd at Dover Eastern Docks in 1952.
Puente Alsina (film)
Plot.
Like most Kabuki actors, and many artists of his time, Mitsugorō bore a number of names. The third to bear the name Bandō Mitsugorō, he was also called Bandō Minosuke I, Morita Kanjirō II and Bandō Mitahachi I earlier in his career. A member of the Yamato-ya guild, he could be called by this name as well (see "yagō"). Finally, Mitsugorō was known in poetry circles as Shūka, and as he developed something of a reputation on the streets of Edo, he acquired the nickname "Eiki no Oyagata" (boss of the Eiki district).
GCS is m"a"naged by a Board of Management, which includes 6 representatives from the trustees ( the V.E.C., the Loreto order and the C.B.S), 2 teachers representatives and 2 parents representatives).

Edwards died suddenly on August 12, 2000, from cardiac arrest at the age of 59.
