Level was launched as a direct competitor to Grey Goose.
During the latter half of the 19th century, the push dagger also enjoyed a brief period of popularity in Britain and Central Europe, particularly in Germany, where it was called the "Stoßdolch" or "Faustmesser", meaning "push-dagger" and "fist-knife", respectively. The weapon is thought to have been introduced there in the mid-1800s by foreign sailors visiting North German ports. German cutlery makers began to manufacture domestic versions of the design, often set in nickel-silver mountings. The "Stoßdolch" was sold primarily as a self-defence weapon for travellers, salesmen, and others who required a compact, concealable weapon. Push daggers continued to be sold in Britain and Europe through the end of the 19th century, when the combination of more effective police forces and the availability of inexpensive small handguns caused a substantial decline in sales and usage of push daggers and other types of specialised fighting knives.

The rudiments of the style were established by Oomph! on their second album, "Sperm" (1994), and by Rammstein with their first album "Herzeleid" (1995). In those days, Oomph!'s biggest influence were groove metal bands such as Prong, Pantera and Sepultura. Rammstein, which in turn were strongly inspired by the music of Oomph! and Laibach, is the style's most famous and successful practitioner. Neue Deutsche Härte is especially successful in continental Europe; Rammstein have sold nearly four million records in Germany, while accumulating gold and platinum records in Sweden, Austria, Belgium, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Denmark, Norway, Poland, Finland and the Czech Republic.
All the fossil specimens are negative imprints on the bases of fine-grained sandstone beds with the "elephant skin" and tubercle texture diagnostic of microbial mats.
Dooher is a former pupil of Loughash Primary School (co. Tyrone)and St Columb's College in Derry City. He later attended UCD in Dublin. He is a practicing vet in Derry.
The 2012 final was played on 15 September at Mossfield Park, Oban. Kyles Athletic defeated Inveraray. The match was televised (BBC Two) with commentary from Gary Innes.

Since 1996 Baker has been the author of a weekly online commentary on economic reporting. The "Economic Reporting Review" was published from 1996 to 2006; subsequently he has continued this commentary on his weblog "Beat The Press," which was formerly published at "The American Prospect", but is now located at the CEPR website.
Thirupaachi is a 2005 Tamil action masala film written and directed by Perarasu. The film stars Vijay and Mallika in the lead roles, with Trisha Krishnan, Livingston, Pasupathy, Benjamin, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Vaiyapuri and Manoj K. Jayan in other roles. Chaya Singh made a guest appearance in a song. The film featured score composed by Dhina, and a soundtrack jointly composed by Dhina, Devi Sri Prasad, and Mani Sharma. It was released on 14 January 2005. Vijay and Trisha paired for second time after "Ghilli".
Project Phobos is a lightweight, scripting-friendly, web application environment running on the Java platform.
