Needham's professional debut followed as a substitute for Richie Gendall in a 1–0 defeat at Oxford United on 15 November 1980, with his first start made in the number two shirt in a 1–0 victory at Fulham on 17 March 1981. Going into 1981–82, Needham was one of just 14 professionals in the Chester side as the wage bill was cut. The side finished adrift at the foot of Division Three and were relegated, although Needham enjoyed his first taste of regular football by making 27 league appearances and scoring his only goal for the club against Reading. The following season saw him appear in 21 league games but he was released along with players including Mark Dean, Paul Johnson, Greg Moffatt and Gary Simpson at the end of the season as the club again heavily reduced its wage bill.
John Safer
Club career.
<doc id="18938303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938303" title="Günnüt">
However, many industrial designers create works that are both artistic and functional. Under these circumstances, Copyright Law only protects the artistic expression of such a work, and only to the extent that the artistic expression can be separated from its utilitarian function (what courts call "conceptual separability"). If the aesthetic aspects cannot be separated from the functional aspects, copyright protection is not available.
Sovetabad, Nakhchivan
The Yellow Balloon (film)
His first role was in the musical "Godspell"; this led to roles in television on both BBC and ITV, one of his earliest being an appearance in the series "Enemy at the Door" (ITV, 1978–1980). In the early 1980s he provided backing vocals for the band Red Box. In the late 1980s, he appeared in a storyline series of twelve coffee commercials with Sharon Maughan for Nescafé Gold Blend. (A version made for North America featured the American brand name Taster's Choice.) The soap opera nature of the commercials brought him wider recognition, along with a part in the Children's ITV comedy drama "Woof!"
The La Tolita developed in the coastal region of Southern Colombia and Northern Ecuador between 600 BC and AD 200. Numerous archaeological sites have been discovered that show the highly artistic nature of this culture. Artifacts are characterized by gold jewelry, beautiful anthropomorphic masks and figurines that reflect a hierarchical society with complex ceremonies.
Ferdinand Foch,
Typically, an emulator is divided into modules that correspond roughly to the emulated computer's subsystems.
In 1567, Akbar moved to reduce the Chittorgarh Fort in Mewar. The fortress-capital of Mewar was of great strategic importance as it lay on the shortest route from Agra to Gujarat and was also considered a key to holding the interior parts of Rajputana. Udai Singh retired to the hills of Mewar, leaving two Rajput warriors, Jaimal and Patta, in charge of the defense of his capital. Chittorgarh fell on February 1568 after a siege of four months. Akbar had the surviving defenders massacred and their heads displayed upon towers erected throughout the region, in order to demonstrate his authority. The total loot that fell into the hands of the Mughals was distributed throughout the empire. He remained in Chittorgarh for three days, then returned to Agra, where to commemorate the victory, he set up, at the gates of his fort, statues of Jaimal and Patta mounted on elephants. Udai Singh's power and influence was broken. He never again ventured out his mountain refuge in Mewar and Akbar was content to let him be.
Many types of sensors use capacitive sensing, including sensors to detect and measure proximity, position or displacement, humidity, fluid level, and acceleration. Human interface devices based on capacitive sensing, such as trackpads, can replace the computer mouse. Digital audio players, mobile phones, and tablet computers use capacitive sensing touchscreens as input devices. Capacitive sensors can also replace mechanical buttons. There is also a musical instrument, the theremin, that uses capacitive sensing to allow a human player to control volume and pitch without physically touching the instrument.
The 1960s, Biologists Take Note.

Two of the former members, Martin Westerstrand and Daniel Cordero along with two new members, started the band Rallypack in 2004 and recorded the album 'Sod Off, God! We Believe In Our Rockband' being their first and last English record and the only record under the name Rallypack.
Hugh of Chalon (c. 975 – 4 November 1039) was a member of the house of Chalon. He was bishop of Auxerre and Count of Chalon.
Eustoquio Díaz Vélez died in Buenos Aires on April 1, 1856.

External links.
As a Minister, Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah was associated with the famous 'Sukkur Barrage project' which contributed so much to the prosperity of Sindh in later years. He was awarded the titles of 'Khan Bahadur', 'Knight' and 'The K.C.S.I.' but renounced all his titles when the Muslim League in 1946 decided on a policy of renunciation of titles conferred by the British Government.
