<doc id="5218430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5218430" title="Quinault River">
<doc id="5218885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5218885" title="Justin Rice Whiting">
In June 2014, D-Wave announced a new quantum applications ecosystem with computational finance firm 1QB Information Technologies (1QBit) and cancer research group DNA-SEQ to focus on solving real-world problems with quantum hardware. As the first company dedicated to producing software applications for commercially available quantum computers, 1QBit's research and development arm has focused on D-Wave's quantum annealing processors and has successfully demonstrated that these processors are suitable for solving real-world applications.
In July 2006, the Madz won the grand prize ("Grand Prix de la Ville de Tours") at the "Florilege de Tours" choral competition in France, making them eligible for the 2007 European Choral Grand Prix (to be held in Arezzo, Italy). In the same competition, the Madz were also awarded the first prize for Category III (mixed vocal ensemble), first prize for Category IV (free program) and the "Prix University François Rabelais" for best interpretation of a Renaissance number.
Track listing.
<doc id="5220591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5220591" title="Poplar (East India Road) railway station">

Hatch became a member of the faculty at the University of Notre Dame in 1975, and directed graduate studies in Notre Dame's history department from 1980 to 1983, during which time he was also awarded the college's Paul Fenlon Award for excellence in undergraduate teaching. He served as associate dean of Notre Dame's College of Arts and Letters, its largest academic unit, from 1983 to 1988, and from 1988 to 1989 was the college's acting dean. Also during that time he founded and directed the Institute of Scholarship in the Liberal Arts (ISLA), which fostered a sixfold increase in external funding of faculty in the humanities and social sciences and assisted Notre Dame faculty members in winning 21 National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) fellowships from 1985 to 1991. In 1999 Hatch was appointed the Andrew V. Tackes Professor of History at Notre Dame.

Parliaments of King Edward II.
<doc id="5222301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222301" title="Quatuor Mosaïques">
Fabrizio Barbazza crashed in turn 1 midway through the day during a refresher test. he was not injured. Late in the day, Al Unser, Jr., driving the new Galmer chassis, blew a motor. Michael Andretti led the speed chart for the afternoon at 226.187 mph.
Broadcasting.
While resistance to dalfopristin may be conferred via a single point of mutation, quinupristin/dalfopristin offers the benefit of requiring multiple points of mutation targeting both dalfopristin and quinupristin components to confer drug resistance. Comparatively, only 2-5% of staphylococcal isolates collected in France show resistance to a related streptogramin, pristinamycin, in over 35 years of use.
<doc id="5223575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5223575" title="Lighthouse (disambiguation)">
Early into the 2010/2011 academic year, a new advertising campaign sparked controversy for the University College. The campaign, known as "Bresia Bold", was meant to call attention to Bresia's unique position as the only university-level women's college in Canada through edgy, (quasi-)feminist marketing. A sign, displaying a former Brescia student and the message: "Her mind is as sharp as her heels", was the source of said controversy. Amidst claims that it "enforced gender stereotypes", "heteronormativity", and "focus on appearances rather than substance", the advertisement was removed from Brescia's campus.
GH Broadcasting announced that it would sell KTOV to London Broadcasting Company, owner of KIII, in March 2012.
The N10 model Pulsar was introduced in May 1978, it was known as the Nissan Pulsar in Japan but was called Cherry in Europe and many other export markets. The body styling was more boxy, and influenced by designs coming out of Europe at that time. It came at a time when small hatchbacks were enjoying rising sales across Europe, with the Ford Fiesta, Volkswagen Polo, Renault 5 and Fiat 127 being particularly popular, along with the General Motors product which was known in Britain as the Vauxhall Chevette and on the continent as the Opel Kadett City. It continued to sell well in Britain, and was regularly the most popular foreign car there.
All tracks by John Spinks except were noted
Charles Ernest Chamberlain (July 22, 1917–November 25, 2002) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. 


<doc id="5228049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5228049" title="KPHN (AM)">
Esbjörn Svensson (April 16, 1964 – June 14, 2008) was a Swedish jazz pianist and founder of the jazz group Esbjörn Svensson Trio, commonly known as E.S.T.
The club's best achievement was reaching the third tier of Polish football (now known as the Polish Second League) during the 1991–92 through 1993–94 seasons.
The university earned Level IV re-accreditation from the Federation of Accrediting Association of the Philippines for the degree programs of its Colleges of Business Administration, Education, Liberal Arts, Nursing and Science after the formal survey conducted by the Philippine Accrediting Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities (PAASCU). It was also named as a Center of Development for Excellence in Information Technology. It was also identified as an Academic Center For Excellence in Biodiversity Conservation by Haribon Foundation in the Southern Tagalog Faunal Region. It was declared as Center of Training Institution (COT) by the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and Department of Education.
Udi Adam
After a revolt in 1926 in the Dutch East Indies, a concentration camp for political prisoners was set up in what then was called Netherlands New Guinea, in the very remote and unhealthy jungle at Boven-Digoel (Upper-Digul).
William Neville "Bill" Scott OAM (4 October 1923 – 22 December 2005) was an Australian author, folklorist, songwriter, poet and a collector of bush ballads and Australian folk history. He has published anthologies of Australian bush songs, including the best selling book "The Complete Book of Australian Folklore" published in 1976. He was awarded the Order of Australia in 1992 for his contributions to folklore, folk music and Australian literature. He was considered a living treasure and his anthologies of songs and his donated collections continue his legacy.

Dictionaries define genetic polymorphism as the presence, in appreciable frequencies, of two or more alleles at a locus in a species. Hence "H2" polymorphism was expected to have arisen by an unusually high mutation (evolutionary) rate in the house mouse after its divergence from its nearest relative. There was, however no indication that this was the case. On the contrary, Klein and his co-workers found, by the methods then available, indistinguishable alleles in the two European house mouse species, "Mus domesticus" and "M. musculus", which diverged from each other some 1–2 million years (my) ago. Similarly, in "M. domesticus" populations, whose divergence times could be dated, they found no new variants. Klein’s group could also not find any new "Mhc" (HLA) variants in isolated human populations such as those of the South American Indians and the indigenous populations of Siberia. These and other observations led Klein to the formulation of the "trans-species polymorphism (TSP) hypothesis" positing that the divergence of similar "Mhc" alleles predates the divergence of the species in which they occur. The original detection of trans-species polymorphism relied on serological (antibody-based) identification of antigenic molecules. Later, however, the identity of alleles in different species could be confirmed by peptide-mapping analysis of the antigenic proteins. Ultimately, DNA-sequencing not only confirmed the results obtained with the earlier methods, but also introduced a new dimension into the TSP studies. The tests revealed that closely related species such as "M. domesticus" and "M. musculus", the many haplochromine fish species in East African lakes and rivers, or Darwin’s finches on the Galapagos Islands, shared many alleles at not only the "Mhc", but also at some of the non-"Mhc" loci. In more distantly related species, such as human and chimpanzee or the house mouse and the Norwegian rat, sharing of identical alleles could no longer be demonstrated, but shared related alleles were clearly in evidence. This finding led to the concept of "allelic lineages", in which members of a given lineage in one species were more similar to members of the same linage in another species than they were to other alleles in either of the two species, TSP of "Mhc" and other loci has since been documented in many species and found applications to a variety of issues in evolutionary biology.

Early life.
Headquartered in San Francisco, California, U.S., the WTC was founded as part of the Three Guineas Fund in 1999, by Cate Muther, former CMO of Cisco Systems, and was spun off in 2003 as an independent non-profit.
Bruges-la-Morte (French; The Dead of Bruges) is a short novel by the Belgian author Georges Rodenbach, first published in 1892. The novel is notable for two reasons, it was the archetypal Symbolist novel, and was the first work of fiction illustrated with photographs.
