
R, like M, is plotted on the y-axis and represents a log (fold change) ratio between a and b. A is plotted on the x-axis and represents the average abundance for a coordinate pair. The RA plot provides a quick overview of the distribution and size of a dataset consisting of non-zero counts.
During the campaign Murray openly disagreed with his own leader Lloyd George's plans for nationalization of land and the coal industry.

Qualified teams.
The following season they expanded to a two car team, with a second car for Ginetta GT Supercup champion, Adam Morgan alongside Hughes. On two occasions, former BTCC race winner Paul O'Neill deputised for Hughes due to the latter driver's business commitments, the first being at Croft. O'Neill replaced Hughes once again at Knockhill. In race two he finished fourth to achieve Speedworks' best result in the BTCC. At the end of the season Speedworks were 10th in the teams' standings and sixth in the independent teams' standings. At the end of the season Hughes announced his retirement from motor racing although he would remain involved with the team. Morgan left the team to drive for his family run Cicely Racing team the following season.
<doc id="31449803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31449803" title="Société Bancaire du Liban">
In June 2012, following the separation of a lesbian couple, the state's highest court granted parental rights to the one of them who had been unable to adopt her partner's adopted child but who had helped raise and had supported the child financially.
Documentary Program.
The clan's founding ancestor is General Yun Sin-dal, who assisted Wanggeon in founding the Goryeo Dynasty.
Bård Vonen (born 15 November 1955) is a Norwegian fencer. He competed at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics.
On October 4, 2014, Mr. Tiamson was selected as The Most Outstanding Tourism Officer of the Philippines for the year 2014. This award was given by the Association of Tourism Officers of the Philippines. This is the first time that a tourism officer from the CALABARZON Region has won the said award.
Grażyna Staszak-Makowska (born 1 November 1953) is a Polish fencer. She competed in the women's individual and team foil events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and synchronized skating across many levels, including Senior, Junior, Novice, Adult, and the pre-novice disciplines of Juvenile, Pre-Primary, Primary, and Intermediate.

