The Regional Cadet Instructor School (Atlantic) (RCIS(A)) is the training school for officers of the Cadet Instructors Cadre in the Atlantic Region. RCIS(A) is headquartered at Canadian Force Base Halifax on the lower base at Shearwater, Nova Scotia with detachments at CFS St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador and CFB Gagetown, New Brunswick. The Commandant of RCIS(A) is Major John F. Cater, CD.
Franz-Joseph Schulze (18 September 1918 – 31 January 2005) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Franz-Joseph Schulze was captured by British forces in April 1945 and was held until October 1945. He joined the Bundeswehr in 1956 and retired in 1979 as a General.

March did not start well for the Vikings as they lost 36–0 to Hull Kingston Rovers. However the week after the Vikings recorded their first win of the season and what a shock it was, trailing 36–18 with 30 minutes to go Widnes came back and beat Wigan Warriors 37–36 with Paddy Flynn, Stefan Marsh, Shaun Briscoe (2), Lloyd White and Frank Winterstein all socring tries, on loan Gareth O'Brien kicked all 6 goals and White finished the scoring with a drop-goal. This victory was short lived after Hull FC dominated the Vikings the very next week, the game finished 58–10 in Hull's favour and Widnes could only manage to get over through Fylnn twice, O'Brien added a goal. The Vikings recorded their 2nd win of the season by beating London Broncos 38–30 with White scoring 2 tries, Chris Dean, Rhys Hanbury, Ben Davies and Cameron Phelps all scoring and O'Brien added 7 goals. Widnes were humiliated in France when Catalans Dragons beat them 76–6 with Sione Kite scoring for the Vikings and O'Brien converting.
News International investigations.

<doc id="32496168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32496168" title="2011 European Athletics Junior Championships – Men's 100 metres">
Within pterygote insects the Coxoplectoptera represent the sister group of modern mayflies (Ephemeroptera). This relationship is indicated by several synapomorphies, such as: adult wing venation with costal brace (absent in other winged insects), larvae with 7 pairs of abdominal gills (compared to still 9 pairs in Permoplectoptera like "Protereisma" larvae), and with single-segmented tarsus with unpaired claw (compared to 3-segmented tarsus with paired claw in Permoplectoptera like "Protereisma" larvae).
Age group 11 – 12 years: “Infantile B” Pentathlon (Scoring will be in accordance with the Games Scoring tables for CACAC age group
The 2011 VCU Rams men's soccer team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2011 NCAA Division I men's soccer season. For the Rams, it was the 32nd season fielding a varsity soccer program, and their 17th in the Colonial Athletic Association.
The Union soldiers came under enemy fire immediately and were pinned down in the ditch they were to cross. Despite repeated attacks by the main Union body, the men of the forlorn hope were unable to retreat until nightfall. Of the 150 men in the storming party, nearly half were killed. Seventy-nine of the survivors were awarded the Medal of Honor.
Career.
2001.

Disciplinary Record.
<doc id="32504874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32504874" title="Bellcaire d'Urgell">
Personal life.
Herbert "Herb" Morrison ( – ) was an American radio reporter best known for his dramatic report of the "Hindenburg" disaster, a catastrophic fire that destroyed the LZ 129 "Hindenburg" zeppelin on May 6, 1937, killing 36 people.
Wilson and longtime collaborator Lasse Hoile announced in late August 2012 that a DVD, filmed live in Mexico City on the Grace for Drowning tour, would be released on 24 September 2012.
He also co-founded the "Film and Education Research Center" with doctoral advisee Kelvin Shawn Sealey. FERA is now a part of the Center for Educational Outreach and Innovation at Teachers College, and its stated mission is to explore the interplay between cinema, teaching, and learning. It is a research, publishing, and teaching project. On March 26, 2004, FERA hosted actor and scholar Cornel West of "The Matrix Reloaded" and "The Matrix Revolutions" at Teachers College to give a program entitled "Film & Education: The Matrix of the Possible". In April 2005, Sealey again worked with Broughton to organize "Project Citizen", a series of academic film discussions in talk show format.

A number of fellowships are available for emergency medicine graduates including prehospital medicine (emergency medical services), hospice and palliative care, research, undersea and hyperbaric medicine, sports medicine, ultrasound, pediatric emergency medicine, disaster medicine, wilderness medicine, toxicology, and Critical Care Medicine.
While "Jack Reacher" was intended to be a tent-pole for a film series, it was initially reported that a sequel would be unlikely due to its lackluster run at the North American box office. However, in February 2013, the possibility of a sequel became more likely after the film surpassed a gross of $200 million worldwide. On December 9, 2013, it was announced that Paramount Pictures and Skydance Productions are moving forward with the development of a sequel reportedly based upon the 2013 Jack Reacher novel, "Never Go Back".
Regimental Canter 'Bonnie Dundee'.
The fine carvings and idols of saints on the steeple of the Shiva temple are made of yellow stone and the base and the sanctum sanctorum are constructed in black stone. The Chhatri (hall) not only has carvings and painting, but also houses a gallery in it. Coloured window-panes used for the windows are of English style. The hall is beautifully adorned with paintings and photographs of members of Scindia (Shinde) family.
2003 Aceh New Year's Eve bombing
Played in Ciudad de Guatemala, Guatemala.
Lord Watson noted that otherwise, ‘so long as the company honestly regards the consideration as fairly representing the nominal value of the shares in cash, its estimate ought not to be critically examined.’



<doc id="32521506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32521506" title="42nd Infantry Regiment (United States)">
Marco Arturo Ramírez
♦ SJK (Tamil) Ladang Kim Seng
On 30 July 2008 the lock on her Wikipedia page was lifted.
