The following are listed buildings or sites in Rhineland-Palatinate’s Directory of Cultural Monuments:
In total, four surveys have been conducted in the commonwealth. The first survey was created in 1836, making it one of the oldest geological surveys in the United States. It was followed by the Second Survey, which ran from 1874 to approximately 1895; and the Third Survey, which ran from 1910 to 1919. The fourth, and current, survey was created in 1919 and continues today.
The following are listed buildings or sites in Rhineland-Palatinate’s Directory of Cultural Monuments:

James Lord (bobsleigh)
Population development.
Clubs.
In 1287, Hunhausen (see Vanished villages below) had its ﬁrst documentary mention. About 1290, a document mentioned a man named Wilmar Vilemann von Alben, who may well have been the ﬁrst in a line of lesser noblemen of the house of Alben, who in the Late Middle Ages held important ofﬁces under Emperor Sigismund in Vienna and Hungary. His signiﬁcance is that his noble house, “Alben”, bears the same name as the village, although the latter also bears the preﬁx "Nieder—" (“Nether” or “Lower”). Johann von Agram from the German noble family of Alben became Chancellor of Fünfkirchen, and his brother became Bishop of Fünfkirchen. One of the ﬁrst written records about the area is a "Weistum" (a "Weistum" – cognate with English "wisdom" – was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) from the "Hochgericht auf der Heide" (“High Court on the Heath”) to which a letter of enfeoffment refers as early as 1351. The High Court on the Heath – a geographical area as well as an actual court – was the land between the Steinalb, the Glan and the Nahe, which in the late 10th century became more heavily settled, as witnessed in documents from both Emperor Otto III and Archbishop Willigis of Mainz. It is likely that the area later passed to Electorate of the Palatinate as an Imperial pledge, and was then transferred by that state to the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves of Steinkallenfels and Grumbach, along with the high court jurisdiction. Already by Ottonian times, the area was no longer held by the kingly treasury anyway. In a directory of fiefs from about 1200 for the Rhinegrave Wolfram, it says: “"Item de Abbate de Sancto Albano habet Ringravius in feodo Helbach und Wiselbach apud Winterhuche, duas villas cum omni iure."” This text in somewhat fractured Mediaeval Latin – it even has the German word "und" thrown in in one place – roughly translates as “Likewise from Saint Alban’s Abbey, the Rhinegrave has in ﬁef "Helbach" and "Wiselbach" near "Winterhuche", two estates with all rights.” The high court jurisdiction in the region of the High Court on the Heath was never challenged. In 1429, the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves enfeoffed a man named Johann von Hagen with the villages and courts of "Alben", "Nyderalben" and "Hunehausen". Here, the name "Alben" was used for a place that still exists now, part of Niederalben, and today customarily called the "Oberdorf" (“upper village”).
Alongside his medical career, Dan Reinstein has regularly played the saxophone for over 35 years. His musical training includes two years of study on a performance scholarship at the Berklee College of Music, in Boston. Despite his busy medical career, he continues to play jazz on a monthly basis at the 606 Club in Chelsea, London. He discovered a way of combining his surgical and medical passions: performing LASIK for presbyopia on many of his jazz idols; he has operated on many jazz greats including John McLaughlin (musician), Peter Erskine, Billy Cobham, Béla Fleck, Dave Weckl, Steve Smith (musician), Ron Carter, Randy Brecker, Tom Coster, Bill Evans (saxophonist), Ric Fierabracci, Victor Bailey, Jojo Mayer, Jerry Bergonzi, Dean Brown (guitarist), Warren Hill (musician), Rachel Z, Robben Ford, Michael Colina, Morris Pleasure (Earth, Wind & Fire), Dave Samuels, Sean Rickman, Payton Crossley, Werner “Vana” Gierig, Bonnie Tyler, Brian Bennett of the Shadows and many others.


The minesweeper operated out of that port until 30 June 1965. During these years, the ship conducted local operations, conducted experiments with new equipment, evaluated new type mines, and provided services for the missile testing facility at Cape Canaveral. In November 1963, her evaluation testing was interrupted when she was deployed to locate and assist in the salvage of a downed U-2 aircraft in Florida Bay.

<doc id="12993352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12993352" title="Pocatello, Idaho minor league baseball teams">
<doc id="12993997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12993997" title="Distributed Ruby">
Tributaries.
Open House is an EP by Christian artist Jaci Velasquez. It was released on October 30, 2007. It contains a brand new Christmas song, another previously recorded, two traditional Holiday songs and an exclusive interview with Velasquez.

He ran again in the district of Three Rivers in 1940 and won. In 1945 though, Ryan was defeated by Independent Liberal Wilfrid Gariépy.
MAG-06 Twisted Metal

Airlines and destinations.
Thus, the Fathers of the Church have recommended this practice. St. John Chrysostom once explained that "when a person has eaten some delicious food at a banquet, he is careful not to take anything bitter in his mouth immediately after, lest he should lose the sweet flavour of those delicate viands. In like manner, when we have received the precious Body of Jesus Christ, we should take care not to lose its heavenly flavour by turning too soon to the cares and business of the world." [http://www.catholictradition.org/Eucharist/blessed-eucharist7.htm]
Politics.
Obereisenbach.
Ruth H. Funk
By contrast, Le Verrier was arrogant and assertive, enabling the British scientific establishment to close ranks behind Adams while the French, in general, found little sympathy with Le Verrier. In 1874–1876, Adams was president of the Royal Astronomical Society when it fell to him to present the gold medal of the year to Le Verrier.
Alise (album)
