<doc id="32334378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32334378" title="Capperia salanga">
In 2005, near the company's peak when it was the leading bedding telemarketing company in the US, 1800mattress had more than 300 employees with annual sales in excess of $100 million. It had nearly 50 showrooms and 250 distributors nationwide. On March 23, 2009, 1-800-Mattress filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection pending a proposed merger with former rival, Sleepy's and later that year the merger was completed and 1-800-Mattress officially became 1800Mattress.com.
Hailed as the 'Father of Online Systems,' Summit's work on DIALOG changed the information industry and provided a foundation for further research and development. Databases such as ERIC, LexisNexis, ProQuest, EBSCOHost among others all owe much to Roger Summit and the creation of DIALOG. The work with DIALOG would pave the way for today's leading online search engines like Yahoo! and Google. It shaped the growth of the online industry improving search capabilities. Having precise search capabilities was a product of Dialog's added large and consistent formatted databases and the incorporation of a search language (i.e. Boolean phrases). By providing a wider range of databases for users to search through, DIALOG allowed for the ability to multi-task in search. Users could find solutions with one query instead of running a separate search at a later time. Dialog has grown to be the world's most extensive online information retrieval service – offering more than 1.4 billion unique records from more than 900 databases equaling over 15 terabytes of information, used by more than 25,000 corporate clients in 103 countries. Hence, with such enormous success, Dialog launched many different sub-systems for the corporation (DialogSelect, DialogWeb, DialogClassic and many more). The Thompson Reuters Corporation purchased the Information Services sector of The Dialog Corporation in 2000 and in 2008, ProQuest acquired Dialog from Thompson Reuters and launched ProQuest Dialog. Dialog is creating new systems and its growth over the years has challenged the company to continue seeking competitive advances for data retrieval in various fields.
June 10, 2011 – Medical examiner states that the death is ruled a homicide because of the delay in reporting the disappearance, the fact the body was hidden, and the existence of duct tape, but admits she did not know how the child died. Crime scene investigators describe similar maggots found in the car trunk and at the crime scene.
Music and lyrics.
Hingod
Phase 2: Theme collection.
Established by Antonio Lussich, who purchased the land and in 1896 founded his namesake arboretum, Punta Ballena and the neighboring resort city of Punta del Este grew to become leading destinations for tourism in Uruguay during the summertime high season (December through February).


<doc id="32342528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32342528" title="Ville-Vesa Vainiola">

Battle of Hühnerwasser
"Nasi kucing" is often sold at a low price (sometimes as low as Rp 1000 0.12 for "nasi kucing" and Rp 4000 0.48 for "sego macan") at small, road-side food stalls called "angkringan", which are frequented by lower class people, or "wong cilik", including pedicab and taxi drivers, students, and street musicians. This has led to "angkringan" being considered the "lowest class of eatery".
<doc id="32345943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32345943" title="Paulianolebia">
7.04 - Runcorn Highfield - tries Southwood - goals W Platt

Welcome to Palestine, dubbed by Israeli media the flytilla, is an initiative of Palestinian civil society organizations in the West Bank to welcome hundreds of internationals to participate in a series of solidarity activities with the Palestinian people in the territory. According to organizers, the aim is also to draw attention to Israel's border policies and life under Israeli occupation. Israeli officials described those participating as "hooligans" and "provocateurs," and maintained they had a right to deny the activists entry. Both in 2011—the project's inaugural year—and 2012, many participants were not allowed onto flights departing from European airports to Israel as a result of Israeli diplomatic efforts. In 2011, a total of 130 activists who did arrive at airport were refused entry upon landing, and a few were flown back to their countries' of origin immediately. Four people were granted entry after agreeing to sign documents in which they pledged not to participate in disturbances of the order. The rest of those refused entry were kept in two jails, some for several days, until their expulsions could be arranged.
During World War I, many members of the Harshmanites religious sect were discharged from employment due to alleged hatred and mistrust engendered by their resistance to the draft. As a result the church felt driven to assume the obligation of furnishing employment to its members. This it did by sponsoring a small manufacturing plant under the name and style of 'Community Industries,' which produced WAC uniforms, candy for army rations, valves used on naval vessels, and other items usable in war. Although the Harshmanites maintained conscientious objector status, Community Industries did produce WAC uniforms, candy for army rations, valves used on naval vessels, and other items usable in war; testimony in a 1962 court case iindicated that they had a "reluctance to manufacture munitions," but did not consider doing so immoral or a violation of Christian belief. In 1964, Community Industries had assets of approximately $3,800,000.00 and about 400 employees. Community suffered severe losses in the recession of 1957-1958. Business improved after that for a time, but in 1963 the corporation again suffered substantial losses due to "much more severe" competition and uninsured fire losses. It managed to continue with the aid of capital invested by many of its factory workers who mortgaged "what they could." But apparently its position continued to deteriorate, particularly from January through March, 1966. On April 22, 1966, Community filed proceedings for an arrangement under Chapter XI of the federal Bankruptcy Act and was dissolved.
Oceania (OFC).
