The Association of the Bar of the City of New York retained Gair as a member of two important committees: those on the Judiciary and Professional Ethics. He fulfilled those functions in addition to other professional endeavors, such as the Presidencies of four Bar Associations, including the International Academy of Trial Lawyers. 
Name.

Senior warrant officer
<doc id="7795585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7795585" title="Pehuajó Partido">

He is especially known for his depiction of the legendary monk Kensu (Hsien-tzu in Chinese) at the moment he achieved enlightenment. 
In June 2008, Regional Development Minister Conor Murphy announced plans for a feasibility study into creating an A6 – A5 Link Road around Derry. Please note though that this is not a commitment on behalf of his department.
Death.
Rae is married to screenwriter/director Russell Friedenberg and has three children. Her 11 year old daughter, Johnny Sequoyah, starred as Bo Adams on the NBC television series "Believe". 
On June 11, 2011, Prime Minister Mohamed released a statement indicating that the Kampala decision ought to be presented in Parliament for debate and appraised according to the laws stipulated in the national constitution. The Premier also stated that he would only step down if lawmakers voted to uphold the accord. This was echoed by the Cabinet, which indicated in a press release that, after having convened to discuss the Kampala decision, the Ministers agreed that the accord must be put before Parliament for evaluation. In addition, over 200 parliamentarians reportedly sought to urge the Prime Minister to reconvene Parliament so as to deliberate the decision, indicating in a separate statement that the accord deprived MPs of their legislative role vis-a-vis the government.
Economy.
The means of organizing the case to maximize the combined impact of every element, and to overwhelm or outmaneuver the opposing counsel while presenting a clear, decisive argument to the jury (or judge, in the case of bench trials).

Muswellbrook Shire is a local government area in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. The Shire is situated adjacent to the New England Highway and the Hunter railway line.
<doc id="7803339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7803339" title="Reľov">
Marcel Langiller (born in Charenton-le-Pont, Val-de-Marne, 2 June 1908 – died 28 December 1980) was a French footballer. He played in a striker role, and was nicknamed "La Caille".
The Thun language or Thun lingo is a style of East Coast hip hop slang popularized in the mid-1990s by rappers such as Queensbridge's Mobb Deep, Tragedy Khadafi, Capone-N-Noreaga, Nas and AZ, and to a lesser extent Raekwon and Ghostface Killah of the Wu-Tang Clan. While much of the slang had already been introduced by this point, the term "Thunn language" was first recorded in Mobb Deep's 1999 single "Quiet Storm", in which Prodigy raps: "you's a dick blower, tryin' to speak the Thunn Language?/ "what's the drilly" with that though? "It aint bangin"/ you hooked on Mobb phonics, Infamous 'bonics."
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 899 students and 60.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.88:1. There were 83 students (9.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 40 (4.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.

The Washburn University School of Law, commonly referred to as Washburn Law, is a public law school located on the main campus of Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas. Washburn Law was founded in 1903.
There is no direct railroad from Shu to Bishkek serviced by Kazakhstani trains. This means that every day a large number of passengers travelling from Astana to Bishkek for example arrive in Shu by train and transfer to minivans and taxis to continue into Kyrgyzstan. Though it is possible to travel through Shu and on to Bishkek on Kyrgyz trains, it is much longer than transferring to a minivans for the 1.5 hour ride from Shu to Bishkek rather than the 5 to 6 hour train option.

The History of the Rise and Fall of the Slave Power in America is a historically significant book about the American Civil War by Vice President Henry Wilson, who had been a Senator from Massachusetts during the war. 
Band.
FTM-A/% = Free Throws Made per Attempts and Percentage
Human use.
Ale (woreda)
