

Carlton has one pub, The Fox, while until relatively recently also had another called The Royal Oak. The Oak has been closed since 31st March 2009 and has been sold for development. There is a Post Office and Village Shop located on Carlton's bussiest through road, Bridgend. There is also one school, Carlton VC Lower School, and village hall which is also used as the school's assembly and sports hall. The Village has an Emmaus community which includes a busy cafe / restaurant, furniture repair workshop and second hand shop with furniture, books, china, clothes and bricabrac.
Location.
Landmarks.
Though Smuts did much to cast off his shyness and reserve, he made few hard-and-fast friendships at Stellenbosch. Yet it was here that he met the woman who was to play a central role in his life thereafter. Sybella Margaretha Krige, known to all as Isie, was the daughter of Japie Krige, a prominent local wine and dairy farmer. Six months younger than Smuts, she had shared a similar upbringing with much the same resulting character traits. As their son, also name Jan Christian, was later to write:
<br clear="both">

Schisandraceae
Pepper was briefly the oldest living (former) senator. He is buried at St. David's Episcopal Church, Wayne, Pennsylvania.
Richard Friedman
Characteristics and use.
<doc id="3096438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3096438" title="Salaga">
Places:
Speculation on the game has arisen that Trolodon was Terexin himself, as the player never gets to see the mage beyond the hologram, and both mages bore the same robes and beard. After Trolodon's defeat, Terexin was spiteful rather than grateful towards Hocus, as he couldn't believe that such a great mage like Trolodon could be defeated by a puny wizard like him who was also a dropout.
Charmian Carr (born December 27, 1942) is an American actress and singer best known for her role as Liesl, the eldest Von Trapp daughter in the film version of "The Sound of Music".
Pat Russell (born December 31, 1923) was the fourth woman to serve on the Los Angeles, California, City Council (1969–87) and the first woman to be City Council president (1983–87).
Sale and dissolution.
<doc id="3098624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3098624" title="Zach Day">
Bento de Góis
The AFL has used the Auskick program the introduce Australian rules football into schools and communities around the country to increase the AFL's profile in areas that traditionally support other football codes such as New South Wales and Queensland.
