Among the inmates were many supporters or members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), which especially since 1946 was in the focus of the Soviet authorities. When the Social Democratic Party was merged into the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), renamed Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), Social Democrats were interned to ensure Stalinist dominance in the party. Also, people were interned as "spies" for suspected opposition to the authoritarian regime, e.g. for contacts to organizations based in the Western occupation zones, on the basis of Article 58 of the Soviet penal code dealing with "anti-Soviet activities". In the special camp Bautzen, 66% of the inmates fell into this category.
<doc id="22379687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22379687" title="Roe River (Western Australia)">
The 1896 Paris–Roubaix was the 1st edition of the Paris–Roubaix, a classic one-day cycle race in France. The single day event was held on 19 April 1896 and stretched from Paris to its end in a velodrome in Roubaix. The winner was Josef Fischer from Germany who was given 1000 francs for the win, a considerable sum of money at the time. The race, as all editions to 1909, was motorpaced.
This heritage church is part of the main venue for taping of ABS-CBN primetime show "May Bukas Pa" from February 2, 2009 to February 5, 2010 as their Monastery. The Production Group of "May Bukas Pa" was allowed by Fr.Jesus Manabat Jr. since the concept of the story is religious type and it was a big helped for the repair & maintenance of the whole church compound, since then lots of foreigner & local people are visiting the church because it was also aired in The Filipino Channel so the popularity of the place grows in different countries and most of them are excited to visit the church during taping days so they can see all the star cast and specially Santino.
Nan Winton
some of them also including articles by historic militants of CEDADE. The information in the articles written by Milá and published in his blog is often inconsistent with the known historical facts (e.g. assuming that it was William the Conqueror, and not Harold Godwinson, who defeated Harald III of Norway at the Battle of "Stanford" (sic) Bridge),
Antecedentes y Origen

The Castro Theatre Extravaganzas.
1701–1714
Refounded in 2008, the team plays in Primera Categoría Provincial de Andalucía (Jaén Group 1).
