The Woolworths stores are broad-range supermarkets with an average size of . The Big Fresh stores were larger, with an average size of and offered the widest possible selection and excellent value. The Price Chopper stores were compact with an average size of and were limited-range discount stores located mainly in small towns.
On 30 January 1649, Captain William Hewlett was the officer in charge of the soldiers at the execution of Charles I.
He has also been the Media Manager of Pakistan's cricket team at the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
<doc id="4995290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4995290" title="Ultrasonic hearing">
Sir Charles Trevelyan, 3rd Baronet
On 10 September 1941. "Nagara" was assigned to Vice Admiral Ibo Takahashi's 16th Cruiser Division of the IJN 3rd Fleet, together with the heavy cruiser , light cruisers and and the 5th Destroyer Flotilla. On 26 November 1941, as flagship of Rear Admiral Kyuji Kubo's Fourth Surprise Attack Unit, "Nagara" was based at Palau at the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Hodges Figgis
<doc id="4997190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4997190" title="Data domain">
Viola palustris (marsh violet or alpine marsh violet) is a perennial forb of the genus "Viola". It inhabits moist meadows, marshes, and streambanks in northern parts of North America and Eurasia.
Spiro (2009) explains the modest sales by five factors: 1) The book appeared when the anti-German propaganda machine was shifting into high gear, with images of raping nuns and bombing cathedrals; 2) The message was anti-democratic and anti-Christian, which did not sit well with the patriotic public; 3) Hereditarianism ran counter to the belief in education, hard work, and "pulling yourself by the bootstraps"; 4) Immigration during the First World War declined because ships were allocated to the war effort; 5) The work was categorised by the publisher as "science", and so never had a chance at mass popularity.
"Ridin' High" is a soul album released by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas on the Gordy (Motown) label in 1968. This album featured the last Top 40 pop hits scored by the group during their recording tenure, "Love Bug Leave My Heart Alone" and "Honey Chile". It was a series of firsts for the group: it was the first album without the help of since departed producers William "Mickey" Stevenson and Holland–Dozier–Holland, however, Motown included one HDH track on the album, "Leave It In The Hands Of Love." Also on "Ridin' High" is a cover version of Dionne Warwick's then recent hit "I Say a Little Prayer."
The game has multiple features, including:

This song was originally listed on "Under the Iron Sea" but was later retired. It was also set to appear on the second "This Is the Last Time" single, which could mean it was composed sometime in 2004. The song supposedly talks again about the Rice-Oxley-Chaplin relationship. It follows a chord playing similar to that of "Ladder To The Sun" by Coldplay with the alternance of a major chord with a major seventh (C + Fmaj7)
Since 1931, the leader of the general classification is identified by a pink jersey ( ).
Wildfire (band)
The regiment is composed of three infantry battalions and one headquarters company:
