The New Hampshire 200 was held September 16 at New Hampshire International Speedway. Mike Skinner won the pole.
This led to the eventual formation of the Coalition of the Radical Left, in January 2004.
Products.
Sir Blaze: Sir Blaze, "The Smartly Dressed and Fashionably Late", is the flamboyant and effeminate son of Queen Griddle and the stepbrother of Princess Flame. Blaze is unusually energetic and is described as having amazing panache. Like Loungelot, he doesn't seem to be enthusiastic about participating in quests, preferring to work on "home" activities such as dressing the castle walls. He is one of the only three knights (the others Loungelot and Burnevere) who stays throughout the series. It is implied that he is a homosexual. Unlike the other dragons in the series (with the exception of Flame), Blaze has long-limbered legs like a human rather than short stubby ones.
Fixtures are also played in Volleyball, Cross Country.

Márquez moved up to the lightweight division in order to fight "The Ring" Lightweight Champion Joel Casamayor on the weekend leading up to Mexican Independence Day at the MGM Grand, Las Vegas, Nevada. On September 13, 2008, he defeated Casamayor in the 11th round after two knockdowns and captured his sixth world title in three different weight classes. In the first four rounds of the bout, Márquez continually walked into counter punches from Casamayor. It took Márquez until the fifth round to be able to find the range with his right hand. By the fifth round, a cut over Casamayor's right eye was opened from a clash of heads. Rounds five, six, seven and eight were rounds where Márquez landed straight punches from the outside, but he was also struck by Casamayor whenever he lunged forward. Two minutes into the eleventh round, Casamayor was knocked down by a right punch as he pulled away from an intense exchange. Casamayor was able to get on his feet, but it was clear he was still shakey from the knockdown. As soon as the action was allowed to resume, Márquez went in for the kill as he let his punches go in furious combination. Casamayor punched back, but he was knocked down again with about 7 seconds left in the round. Referee Tony Weeks stepped in the bout and stopped the fight as he deemed Casamayor unable to continue. The official judges had the fight scored 95–95, 95–95 and 97–93 for Márquez before the 11th round knockout. After the win, The Ring magazine ranked Márquez second on its pound for pound list and rated him the number one boxer in the lightweight division.
<doc id="3811440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3811440" title="Made to Be Broken">
07-Dan Pardus, 14-Lance Hooper*, 15-Loy Allen Jr., 19-Robby Gordon, 30-Derrike Cope, 78-Gary Bradberry, 95-Randy MacDonald, 96-Hut Stricklin
