Further Flight was retired in 1998. As a gelding, he had no stud career but had an active retirement at the home of his former jockey Michael Hills. He died after suffering a paddock injury to his hind leg in July 2001.

<doc id="32800085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32800085" title="Selecta (Afrojack song)">
Sameer married his "teacher-girl friend" Neethu on 12 November 2013.
During the early phases of World War II, the Royal Navy provided critical cover during British evacuations from Norway (where an aircraft carrier and 6 destroyers were lost but 338,000 men were evacuated), Dunkirk (where 7,000 RN men were killed) and Crete. In the latter operation Admiral Cunningham ran great risks to extract the Army, and saved many men to fight another day. The prestige of the Navy suffered severe blows when the battlecruiser "Hood" was sunk by the German battleship "Bismarck" in May 1941. Although the "Bismarck" was sunk a few days later, public pride in the Royal Navy was severely damaged as a result of the loss of mighty "Hood". 
Jeff Richardson (disambiguation)
Arbroath.

The last place where it was hoisted as official flag of the state was in May 1975 in the final area held by the Khmer National Armed Forces forces on the escarpment of the Preah Vihear Temple in the Dângrêk Mountains. Even though their government had surrendered, loyalist Khmer Republic soldiers continued to fiercely hold their ground for nearly a month after the fall of Phnom Penh. Finally that outpost fell to the Khmer Rouge on 22 May 1975. The flag of Democratic Kampuchea became the flag of Cambodia after the ousting of the republican government.
His first solo exhibition took place in 1968. It was at this exhibition that he sold his first painting for 50 Rs.
The breakaway of the day was formed by four riders: Steve Houanard (), Paul Martens (), Adam Hansen () and Jesús Rosendo (). The only categorized climb of the day was won by Martens, giving him the first blue polka dot jersey. Adam Hansen was the last from the breakaway to remain clear, but he was caught with to go. Davide Viganò of was the first to make a move within the final kilometre, but he was caught immediately. After him there were Vicente Reynès of and Christopher Sutton of who gained a gap on the field and they stayed clear until the finish with Sutton outsprinting Reynès, with Marcel Kittel completing the podium. Daniele Bennati moved into the red jersey due to his sixth position on the stage, taking the jersey from team-mate Jakob Fuglsang. Sutton claimed the first green jersey, while Rosendo earned the white jersey for the combination classification.
The Liberal Party was among those calling for British military intervention, which some expected to favor the rebels.
