International reactions to the Ghouta chemical attack

March married Professor Gao "Gail" Yuan Qing. He had four sons: Roger, Richard, Michael and Gordon.
Hill Grove School is a historic school for African American children located at Hurt, Pittsylvania County, Virginia. It was built in 1915, and is a small, simple single-story, weatherboarded, light-frame building on a fieldstone foundation, with a low-pitched side-gable roof. It features a single-bay, tin-covered, shed roof porch
The “meeting hut”, a peculiar round building, is located just a few meters from the well, which perhaps is not coincidental. The ring shaped bench with 16 seats in the meeting hut may have been used by leaders or other people of rank (secular or religious). The importance and the exclusivity of the place is further confirmed by the discovery of a vase of unusual form and decoration. The vase was probably used to hold a special beverage, perhaps a decoction or an unusual distillate, whose consumption may have been restricted to a limited number of people, perhaps the 16 people attending meetings.
Hisham Fageeh was born in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Fageeh began performing stand-up comedy as a student at the Columbia University, from which he graduated in May 2013. Around that time he began attending UCB Theater in New York, studying long form improvisation. Within a year Fageeh was taking the stage with comedians Dean Obeidallah, Maysoon Zayid, Aasif Mandvi, Aron Kader, and Hari Kondabolu. He began performing in Arabic after his satirical blog YouTube series "Isboo'iyat Hisham" (Hisham's weeklies) went viral in December 2011 joining the ranks with Fahad Albutairi and Bader Saleh in the Saudi stand-up circuits. He is known as the first Saudi to perform in Gotham Theater and headline an Arabic stand-up comedy tour in the United States and England.
<doc id="40504843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40504843" title="Gospel Music Heritage Month">
The Treaty of Tingmosgang in 1684 settled the dispute between Tibet and Ladakh but severely restricted Ladakh's independence. The Treaty fixed the Tibetan-Ladakhi border at the Lhari stream near Demchok and regulated trade and tribute missions from Ladakh to Tibet.
To counter the expected threat to Sudan, Sirdar Reginald Wingate gathered a force together at Nahud. The commander was British Lieutenant Colonel Philip James Vandeleur Kelly, of the 3rd The King's Own Hussars, on secondment to the Egyptian Army. The force was composed of:
Miguel Ángel Borja Hernández (born 26 January 1993) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a forward for Argentinian club Olimpo.
Dr. P. Michael John Marmann, Munich, Germany
<doc id="40510201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40510201" title="William Mugeyi">
