The Broad Ripple Park Carousel was purchased by The Children's Museum of Indianapolis in 1950 and was moved there. Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, the carousel is still in operation.
Throughout his career Mukai was known for working in both action and sex genres, and in the 1970s, Mukai made several films in both genres, and with the two genres mixed for the Toei Company. "Deep Throat in Tokyo", directed for Toei in 1975, is his best-known film. Comparing Mukai's film to the original "Deep Throat" (U.S., 1972), Jasper Sharp writes that Mukai's film, a softcore, "airbrushed fantasy" with a higher budget and, in Kumi Taguchi, a more attractive leading lady, is "a world apart from the more crude and direct approach taken by its revolutionary American model." Nevertheless, Sharp judges that Mukai's softcore film is more offensive than the hardcore original because of its more reactionary approach to sex.
<br>28 Black slotta Bases
John Eades (designer of L53) was manager of the Manchester Carriage Company's coachbuilding works at Ford Lane, Pendleton, Salford from 1867 until 1903.
"Beware of the Dog" was written by frequent collaborators Glen Morgan and James Wong, and directed by Allen Coulter. The episode was Coulter's first credit for the series, and he would return to helm "The Pest House" and "Siren" later in the second season. "Beware of the Dog" was the fifth episode to have been written by Morgan and Wong, after "Dead Letters", "522666" and "The Thin White Line" in the first season; and the second season première "The Beginning and the End". The duo would go on to pen a further ten episodes over the course of the second season, having taken the roles of co-executive producers for the season.
Travelled widely around Australia.
His approach to the game earnt him the nickname Tiger, which stuck with him through later life and characterised his attitude to how he dealt with sport and public life.

<doc id="23849446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23849446" title="Yamamotoa">
Dinosaur Hall Exhibit at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County (Los Angeles, CA)
