Heritage (1935 film)
Humphrey Baggerley (fl. 1650s), was a royalist captain during the English Civil War and continued to support the Royalist cause during the Interregnum.
Marge Stefani is part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York. The exhibition was unveiled on November 5, , to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League rather than individual baseball personalities. After that, filmmaker Penny Marshall premiered her 1992 film "A League of Their Own", a fictional history centered in the first season of the AAGPBL, which brought a rejuvenated interest to the historic girls league.
The Ordnance Survey spell the name with a single 'n'.
In 1986, Federal Express became the title sponsor. For the first three years of their sponsorship, FedEx increased the purse one dollar for each package they shipped on the Friday of the tournament. The purses went from $500,000 to $605,912 in 1986, from $600,000 to $724,043 in 1987, and from $750,000 to $953,842 in 1988.
Protection.

Giordano is also a former Major League Baseball infielder, scout, and scouting and farm system director, and minor league manager. As scouting and player development director of the Baltimore Orioles (1976–1987) he drafted Hall of Fame shortstop Cal Ripken, Jr., and signed and developed other players who would help Baltimore win the 1983 World Series championship.
GetGlue’s service was launched in June 2010, with headquarters in New York City. GetGlue has received investments from venture capital firms including Union Square Ventures (backer of Twitter, Tumblr, and others), RRE Ventures, Rho Ventures, Time Warner Investments, and others.
Bradshaw’s equally early fusion of scientific exploration with art practice has been broadly incorporated into the Process and Art/Science Movements. In this vein she made the chemically activated silver Contincency Paintings that are sensitive to atmospheric conditions. Weather serves as a catalyst slowly capturing transient metamorphoses in what she calls "Time Sculptures" in marble, pyrite, calcstone, and copper, in the Indeterminacy, Material/Immaterial and Notation Series. In the Negative Ions, Six Continents and Waterstones works Bradshaw plots the gradual erosion of salt and stone with water as the transformative agent. Time is the counterpoint. She has said “Poetry is everywhere evident and therefore one only need present materials.”
the Golden Panthers of FIU.


On the right side are a pilaster-shaped tabernacle, frescoed in the 15th century, and the Museum of the Collegiate.
Commands and examples.
This list applies only to works of public art accessible in an outdoor public space. For example, this does not include artwork visible inside a museum.
Dottie raised her average to .234 in 1950, including a .314 OBP, while hitting 10-for-35 (.286) with seven runs in seven games against Fort Wayne, to help Rockford win a third consecutive title and fourth overall. Some bright spots for the Peaches included pitcher Nicol, who collected three victories, and first sacker Dorothy Kamenshek, who hit .440 (11-for-25) with nine runs and three RBI.
The text is written in Greek minuscule letters, in two columns per page, 21 lines per page. The manuscript contains weekday Gospel lessons for Church reading from Easter to Pentecost and Saturday/Sunday Gospel lessons for the other weeks.
Willis Page & The Orchestral Society of Boston

In March 2013, the Maccabeats released a music video featuring a medley of songs from Les Misérables performed over reenactments of scenes from the Passover story. This video is unique in that rather than parodying the songs, it contains a capella covers of several of the original songs while drawing attention to how each song's context in the musical is paralleled in Exodus. The video features covers of "Work Song" (over a reenactment of the Jews' lives as slaves in Egypt), "At the End of the Day" (Jochebed putting the baby Moses in a basket in the Nile), "I Dreamed a Dream" (no noteworthy scene from Exodus; an unnamed Jew lamenting the quality of life as a slave), "Who Am I?" (Moses questioning if he is worthy to lead the Jews out of Egypt), the Thénardiers' section and the students' section of "One Day More" (the Ten Plagues and Moses speaking to Pharaoh), and the finale of "Do You Hear the People Sing?" (a song about a freed nation).
<doc id="29897580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29897580" title="Béla Hatvany">
The MLFF trial run will be carried out for the next 6 to 12 months from December 2008. A report on system feasibility, user acceptance and behavioral patterns, enforcement mechanism and proposed project financing will be submitted for cabinet recommendation and approval by Parliament.
__NOTOC__

__NOTOC__
Steiner Tor is a-preserved gate in the city of Krems, originally built in the late 15th century but refashioned in the Baroque style. It is considered the symbol of the city. Until the last third of the 19th century, the city of Krems was surrounded by a wall. This was systematically razed, and three gates were also removed. From 2005, celebrating the 700-year anniversary of the city rights, the Steiner Tor was restored as much to its original as possible.
Source:
<doc id="29906722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29906722" title="Phasmarhabditis hermaphrodita">
The most popular Hymns in Sikhism is taken from Chandi Charitar Ukati Bilas, 
Neblett played college football at Temple, where he started in 45 games for the Owls. He earned All-Mid-American Conference honors during his career.
She has been featured on CNN, co-host on "Siskel & Ebert At the Movies" as well as a cultural, theater and television reviewer.
<doc id="29914315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29914315" title="Gabriella Goliger">
For the 2006/2007 season the team returned to its original name "Deportivo Italia Fútbol Club". In the 2007/2008 season the team was in sixth place when the management board at the end of the campaign decided not to continue to lead the team and gave the "Azules" leadership to Mario Hernández Cova.
<doc id="29919290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29919290" title="Santa Clara Aquamaids">
Plot.

Johan Sparre af Söfdeborg
Career at Fox Atomic.

She plays a role of anchor in a show named "Bol Baby Bol" along with her husband Vedala Hemachandra. The show is telecasted in Gemini tv.
Leading Seaman Binder died in June 2010, two weeks before the announcement of his decoration. His Medal of Bravery was awarded posthumously by the Chief of Defence Staff, General Walter Natynczyk at his former unit, HMCS York.
