In 1270 he assumed the full power of the new financial department named Shangshusheng (Chinese: 尚書省, "Department of State Affairs"), which had equal status with the administrative department named Zhongshusheng (Chinese: 中書省, "Central Secretariat"). After the conquest of the Song Dynasty in 1276, he entered the financial matters of Southern China. He prepared a state monopoly in salt, which came to account for a large portion of state income. In his 20-year term of office, he created his strong faction with his clan and Muslims from Central Asia. Ahmad's tax system gained a bad reputation from the Chinese because it was ruthlessly operated and considerably differed from traditional Chinese systems. Ahmad was reputed for his rapaciousness. He abused his position to gather riches for himself. 
For a time, this species and Prince Demidoff's bushbaby were removed from the genus "Galago" and placed into the new genus "Galagoides". It is the most widespread and abundant bushbaby in the coastal forests of Tanzania. It is thought to prefer the mid to high canopy of tropical coastal forest, submontane and lowland tropical forest. It has one or two young per year.
<doc id="1123889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1123889" title="Vendée (river)">

In 2004, Dawson joined the long-running BBC TV quiz show "A Question of Sport", featuring as a regular team captain opposite Ally McCoist and more recently, Phil Tufnell.
Biosynthesis and Internalization.
Funding.
The subconscious is commonly encountered as a replacement for the unconscious mind and therefore, laypersons commonly assume that the subconscious is a psychoanalytic term; it is not. Sigmund Freud explicitly argues: 
Initially a supporter of Chiang Kaishek and his wife, he once compared Chiang to Abraham Lincoln and described Madame Chiang as a combination of Helen of Troy, Florence Nightingale and Joan of Arc. He became disillusioned after seeing Chiang's officers starve their troops and by the Kuomintang's corruption. 
<doc id="1125464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1125464" title="Western calligraphy">
In 1953 R. G. LeTourneau sold the earthmoving portions of the business to Westinghouse, a sale that included a five-year moratorium before LeTourneau could sell into the market again. While the moratorium ran out, LeTourneau developed a number of new vehicles based on the same drivetrain. These included a number of special-purpose military designs like launchers for the Corporal missile, engineering vehicles that could quickly haul crashed bombers off of runways, and even an enormous vehicle intended to pick up beached landing craft.
El Clásico Sampedrano (The Sampedran Derby) is a Honduran football match played at least 4 times a year in the 
Altogether there are six ships that belong to AWI.
Club rivalries.
Release.
The Pro League was founded as part of a need for a professional league to strengthen the country's national team and improve the development of its domestic players. The league is a corporation in which the member clubs act as shareholders and was inaugurated on 5 January 1999 under the name "Professional Football League" before switching to its current name after three years of existence. The Pro League is currently ranked 115th in the world and 10th in CONCACAF based on results during the previous calendar year according to the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).
NBA.
