Werner Wolff (born 11 June 1911 - 26 January 2002) was a German-born American photojournalist known primarily for his work in association with the Black Star agency from 1945 to the late 1980s. Born in Mannheim, Germany in 1911, Wolff emigrated to New York City in 1936, initially working for Alfred Eisenstaedt as a darkroom technician and then starting his own photographic agency, "Camera Features". After a brief stint in the U.S. Army Signal Corps during World War II, Wolff became a correspondent for the weekly Army magazine, "YANK". Wolff reported on major campaigns in Italy and was one of the first to photograph Hitler's mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden after its capture by the Allies.
Warden of Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.


Downtown Buda Historic District

<doc id="36937895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36937895" title="Jan Husarik">
<doc id="36938738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36938738" title="Boneh">
John Asher Johnson is an American astrophysicist and professor of astronomy at Harvard. He was a formerly a professor at the California Institute of Technology and a researcher with NASA's Exoplanet Science Research Institute.
<br>

<doc id="36942132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36942132" title="Test-Achats">
The AMU was active at the same time as the Northern Rhodesian African National Congress was agitating politically for improved rights for Africans, however the union's president, Lawrence Katilungu, did not support the AMU becoming involved in politics. The union declined to participate in a planned strike by the Congress in 1953 to protest the establishment of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. The AMU was involved in a dispute with other Northern Rhodesian unions in the late 1950s when they attempted to dismiss Lawrence Katilungu from the leadership of the Northern Rhodesian Trade Union Congress (NRTUC). Katilungu responded by expelling all unions in arrears with their fees, leaving only three mining unions as affiliates of the NRTUC. The other unions responded by establishing a rival body, the Reformed Trade Union Congress (RTUC) in February 1960. The NRTUC and RTUC later merged in 1961 after Katilungu had been dismissed from the presidency of the AMU.



After receiving his degree. he became the professor of Moral Theology at St. Joseph's Seminary in 1971. As a result of the theological tumult in the Roman Catholic Church in America after Vatican II, Smith found many of the seminarians he was educating were unsure of the essentials of their faith. Soon after Smith became a professor, auxiliary Bishop of New York Austin Vaughan (who had taught him dogma as a priest) became rector of the seminary and held the organization to a conservative view of Catholicism.
Water availability was an important issue to the Governor and he desired to see construction of water canals, noting "the Territory should never surrender control of its water supply; it is the people's heritage and should be controlled in their interest." As for education he reported that a site had been secured on which to build the territorial university. A further 12 new school districts had been created since the last session, bringing the territorial total to 130. In other matters, Zulick asked for a revision to performed to the territorial legal code. He also wanted the repeal of a law passed during previous session that disenfranchised Mormons.
Ivar Sisniega
Curriculum.
