Later history.
The 17th century saw the beginning of a large-scale book-printing in Goa, egged on massively by the need to print Christian texts for the benefit of the newly converted Christians. This time also saw a shift from the use of coercion to that of religious education for conversions. Thus, a number of books were printed in Konkani and Marathi due to the initiative of, among others, Father Thomas Stephens (who, in 1640, produced the first Konkani Grammar- the Arte de Lingua Canarin and in 1622, published "Doutrina Christam em lingoa Bramana Canarim, ordenada a maneira de dialogo, pera ensinar os mininos, por Thomas Estevao, Collegio de Rachol" or Christian Doctrines in the Canarese Brahmin Language, arranged in dialogue to teach children, which was the first book in Konkani and any Indian language), Father Antonio Saldanha, Father Etienne do la Croix, Father Miguel do Almeida and Father Diogo Ribeiro (whose "Declaraçam da Doutrina Christam", or Exposition of Christian Doctrine in Konkani was printed in 1632). Despite the efforts of Father Stephens and the general familiarity of the Devanagari script, it was found easier to cast not Devanagari, but Roman types for Konkani. This was one of the major factors that alienated Konkani from other Indian languages, since the Roman script failed to fix a number of Konkani sounds that the Europeans faced difficulty in pronouncing. It was, however, this adoption of the Roman script for printing in the vernacular helped printing to flourish in Goa till 1684, when the official decree suppressed the vernacular languages and printing suffered a setback. Printing in Tamil stopped after 1612, and the last books printed in Latin and Portuguese before printing fairly died were published in 1674.
Critical Reception.
b. The post on "Mediator" was the start of a long career in the navy for Jeffrey Raigersfeld. After service as a young lieutenant aboard some years before she won fame under Lord Cochrane, Raigersfeld rose eventually to be a rear-admiral, albeit as a yellow admiral. He also wrote his autobiography, entitled "The Life of a Sea Officer", which includes details of his time on "Mediator".
Music video.

Baltic Compass is regarded as a strategic level project by the financier the Baltic Sea Region Programme 2007-2013 for its contributions to investments and policy environments. The project will in a practical manner encompass the political ideas of the HELCOM Baltic Sea Action Plan and the EU Strategy for the Baltic Sea Region. Baltic Compass will run from December 2009 to December 2012.
The Preview (EP)
Upon arrival at the circuit, teams reported several issues with construction, including power outages, some infrastructure being "incomplete", and a colony of bats living in the pit building. Faced with criticism over the morality of hosting a race in a developing nation, Mercedes GP team principal Ross Brawn praised the circuit, describing the decision to host a race in India as "the right one" and pointing out the benefits the sport would bring to the country. Brawn also relayed the positive response to the circuit layout from teams and drivers. Other personalities within the paddock were less complimentary, with commentator Martin Brundle describing the commentary booth as a "cell" with no window and "nowhere near track", while team engineers reported that there was no gas connection available, the plumbing to the paddock was incomplete, and the entire circuit was still being powered by generators and did not have a continuous electricity supply.
His long-term goal is to create a platform through which Ugandans can demand accountability and concrete actions from their government with respect to corruption and human rights abuses.
During the last two minutes of the session the all the drivers frantically set times as the qualifying positions changed very quickly. Hamilton went out again, this time on a set of soft tyres and set the fastest time in the 1:22s however, in hindsight he did not need to go for another run as he would have reached Q2 with his hard tyre time. As the session ended Jean-Éric Vergne was again in danger of being eliminated in the first session for the fourth time in a row, lying in seventeenth. Williams driver Bruno Senna was behind him and in the knockout zone along with the usual backrunners (Caterham, Marussia and HRT) when the time ran out on the session. However, Senna was still on a 'hot' lap had the opportunity to progress to the next session. Senna on the soft tyres had made a mistake on his previous lap in the braking zone of turn 10 which resulted in a front left tyre lock up and going wide of the apex. His sector times were close to seeing him progress but on turn 12 he pushed too hard lost control of the rear of the car, ending up in the gravel trap and leaving him eliminated from further qualifying.
Radio New Zealand National interrupted some normal programming to broadcast Morning Report Saturday, Midday Report Saturday, Checkpoint Saturday and Morning Report Sunday with interviews and reports of developments.
1958.

Anglo-Americans arrived on the heels of the eastern Indians. Traders journeyed in large numbers along the Santa Fe Trail across the northern border of Comancheria and White hunters and depleted the buffalo herds in that vicinity. Northern Plains Indians such as the Cheyenne and Arapaho pressed south, drawn by the enormous herds of horses on the southern Great Plains, and also defeated the Comanche in battles. Moreover, Comanche numbers were declining, diminished by epidemics of European diseases. Comanche interests dictated peace with the Mexicans so threats from other Indians and Anglo-Americans could be addressed. On several occasions in the 1820s the Comanche attempted to obtain Mexican military assistance to repel the Indian invaders of their land, but their requests were denied. As they had often aided the Mexicans in the past to fight their mutual enemies, the Apache, this denial undermined the Comanche’s commitment to peace with Mexico. However, as an inducement to peaceful relations, Mexican provincial governments made haste to strengthen trade ties with the Comanche in the early 1830s.
