From the , 520 or 87.2% were Roman Catholic, while 35 or 5.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 26 individuals (or about 4.36% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 15 individuals (or about 2.52% of the population) did not answer the question.
These are Surdas, Krushnadas, Paramanand, Kumbhandas, Chaturbhuj, Nanddas, Chhitswami, Govinddas.
Political use.
A list of tallest structures in Switzerland. This list may be incomplete and incorrect.
Happening bars and couple kissas skirt around Japanese prostitution laws by neither providing nor promising actual sex on premises, instead stressing that what may or may not happen is entirely up to customers. In a high-profile incident in 2004, after porn star and wrestler Chocoball Mukai advertised on his website that he would be performing, the happening bar "Rock" in Tokyo's Roppongi district was raided by police.
The most recent Jamboree was held in Kristiansand in Southern Sweden in 2011, where nearly 40,000 Scouts attended, along with Chief Scout for the United Kingdom Bear Grylls and the King and Queen of Sweden.
Through agreements with numerous international organisations, IIT grades are accepted from many international organisations like NTU, NUS and DAAD.
<doc id="6961754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6961754" title="Albur">
After the Second World War, the relations between Greece and Bulgaria have been flourishing, and as the Greek President Konstantinos Tsatsos said during the Bulgarian leader Todor Zhivkov's visit to Athens in April 1976, ""the old controversies have been forgotten and the hatchet buried forever"". Greece became a firm supporter of Bulgaria’s EU membership and was the fifth EU member state and the first old member state to ratify the Accession Treaty. Since Bulgaria joined NATO in May 2004, Greek-Bulgarian relations have been developing on all fronts, and the Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs describes relations between Greece and Bulgaria as "excellent".
The railway was built by John Rudolphus Booth, a 19th-century Canadian lumber baron and entrepreneur, who owned considerable timber rights in the Algonquin area as well as a major sawmill in downtown Ottawa. To open markets for the mill's products he purchased Donald Macdonald's lines and formed the Canada Atlantic Railway (CAR) from Ottawa to Vermont. To supply the mills, the OA&PS supplied timber from across central Ontario. Together, the OA&PS and CAR allowed through shipment from the Canadian west to the US eastern seaboard areas. The lines were amalgamated under the CAR marque in 1899, and sold to the Grand Trunk Railway in 1905.
Neighbouring counties.
Contents : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z By League
Legacy.
<doc id="6965312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6965312" title="Ian Handysides">
• Young adults from around the world enjoyed 22 absorption frameworks, adapted to the needs of a wide variety of population groups. 
Two novels written based on the original game written by Saki Murakami and published by Paradigm were released in Japan in June and August 2005. The first released was centering around Sion, with the second entitled centering around Takako. These novels contain erotic content. A single volume titled "Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru" written by Chihiro Minagawa with accompanying illustrations by Ume Aoi was published by Jive in August 2005, and centers around Takako's scenario. Sion's scenario was ported to the iPhone as an e-book between March 29 and June 4, 2010 by DML. A semi official "dōjin" novel was written by the original scenario writer for the game, Aya Takaya, called , with illustrations by the original game artist Norita. The novel contains a two short stories that is a sequel of Takako's scenario, and Kana and Yukari have little sisters. The revised and completed edition of the "dōjin" novel was published as an official novel by Enterbrain on December 25, 2007.
All cars were eligible to score points towards the Teams Championship, but Group C2 cars also scored separately for their own award.
<doc id="6967565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6967565" title="Francis Browne">
Lafleur Restaurants (in French, "Resto Lafleur") is a chain of family-owned fast food restaurants located in the greater Montreal area.
Dissolution.
Techniques.
Universal Primary Education
However, often the result of these projects is consequently to reduce water flow downstream at some times, and to increase it above the natural flow in some places at other times. Because of the complex hydrology of river systems, it is almost inevitable that some landowners may show, or seek to show, that sporadically, their lands experience flooding that would not otherwise occur in the absence of flood control projects. These allegations have periodically led landowners to claim compensation for changes in the hydrology of river systems having a consequence on their lands. This is the subject of the Court's decision in "United States v. Sponebarger". The Court's decision begins with some historical context:
At the hearing, Boyer refused to answer questions about his affiliations with the Communist Party, under the protection of the Fifth Amendment.

The Douglas Navigation was a canalised section of the River Douglas or Asland, in Lancashire, England, running from its confluence with the River Ribble to Wigan. Authorised in 1720, it opened in 1742, but its working life was short, as it was bought out by the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Company in 1772, to prevent a rival scheme to build a canal to Wigan. It was connected to the Leeds and Liverpool once that was open, but the upper river into Wigan was replaced by a parallel canal cut, and the lower river was replaced by the Rufford Branch, which utilised part of the river channel near its mouth. The navigation was abandoned by 1801, as the canal provided a better route to the River Ribble.
<doc id="6973976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973976" title="Shane Oakley">
In 2005, RAD Group was ranked 14 on the list of "The 29 Best Business Ideas in the World" by Business 2.0 magazine in August 2005.
Cort’s main production focus is not on Cort-brand guitars, but rather on contract work for numerous other companies. Generally, large companies contract Cort to build lower-priced guitars that have that company’s brand on them. Ibanez, Parkwood, Squier, G&L Tribute series line of guitars are among the most well-known brands that Cort produces. In recent years, small companies known for extremely high quality (and high-priced) guitars have begun contracting Cort to produce budget line models. Avalon, based out of Northern Ireland, sold 8,000 guitars and more than doubled their income from the previous year when they contracted Cort to build a lower-priced guitar for them.
Original vinyl issues of the album came complete with a colour insert featuring photographs of the band wrapped in bandages, with various exposed body parts sprayed gold, and Egyptian themed drawings across the lyrics pages. A picture disc variation, featuring the albums front and back artwork and no sleeve, was also issued at the time.
United States children's hospices.
Travolta's wife Kelly Preston also appeared in one scene, playing Terl's "baldish Psychlo girlfriend". Travolta originally saw himself in the role of Jonnie, but by the time the movie was actually made, Travolta felt he was too old to play the role, and took the role of the main villain instead. Travolta's role in the film required what he described as an amazing physical transformation: "I wear a tall head apparatus with strange hair. I have amber eyes and talons for hands. It's quite remarkable ... I'm on 4-foot stilts." To star in the film, Travolta turned down the movie "The Shipping News" and postponed production on "Standing Room Only".


The Engen brothers helped to popularize skiing in the West, primarily in Utah and Idaho. All three are enshrined in multiple halls of fame, such as the National Ski Hall of Fame in Ishpeming. Sverre Engen died in 2001 at the age of 90. His older brother Alf died at age 88 in 1997, and younger brother Corey died in 2006 at age 90.

Balić was declared the IHF World Player of the Year in 2003 and 2006 as well as the best player in Croatia 2003. After playing for RK Metković he moved to Portland San Antonio. At the 2006 European Championship in Switzerland he was declared the tournament MVP. Even though Croatia won the 5th place on the 2007 World Men's Handball Championship in Germany, he was declared the tournament's MVP. In the 2008 European Men's Handball Championship he was the equal top scorer with 44 goals as he led Croatia to a silver medal and was also voted to the All-Star Team of the tournament. His playing position is middle back.


Atkinson received a Distinguished Service Medal in 1986 from the FNLA (National Front for the Liberation of Angola), an Angolan anti-communist guerrilla group with whom he had traveled in the bush in 1985. He also received a similar commendation from the Afghan freedom fighters.
From the , 248 or 68.3% were Roman Catholic, while 49 or 13.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 57 individuals (or about 15.70% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 9 individuals (or about 2.48% of the population) did not answer the question.
The UNITIC Twin Skyscrapers were built in 1980s in the Marindvor neighborhood of Sarajevo. They were colloquially named "Momo and Uzeir" after two characters from a radio comedy show, a Serb and a Bosniak. The towers were heavily damaged by shelling during the Siege of Sarajevo but remained standing, becoming symbols of resilience. They were renovated after the war.
! align=right|906

"Mode I crack" – Opening mode (a tensile stress normal to the plane of the crack)

Song information.
Pia is the American spokeswoman for the cosmetics company Sephora. She is frequently featured in "Vogue", "Vanity Fair" and other society magazines.

