Thinking, Fast and Slow
Anatomical changes.
Greene County Career and Technology Center is a comprehensive career and technical school serving students from five school districts and their respective high schools in Greene County. The school is centrally-located in the county, in Franklin Township, just east of Waynesburg.
If the Heir to the Throne, for one of the reasons enumerated in article 41, cannot exercise the power of Regent, this shall be exercised by three persons appointed by special act or by the will of the King. At the same time the King shall appoint a substitute for each of the three Regents. If the post of a Regent and that of his substitute become vacant, Parliament elects by secret vote, in joint session, a new Regent from, the two remaining substitutes. If only one of them is alive, he succeeds to the vacant post of Regent without a vote being taken. 

Emperors SaGa
Context.
Walk off the Earth
The hill’s name is thought to come from the stands of she oaks (casuarinas, Allocasuarina verticillata) growing on the hill, mainly on the eastern side.

Meichsner received 2005 the Georg von Holtzbrinck Price for Science Journalism.
Club career.
Raluca Sandu
In the episode, Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) and his crime-solving partner John Watson (Martin Freeman) take on the case of Henry Knight (Russell Tovey), who 20 years earlier witnessed the brutal killing of his father by a "gigantic hound" on Dartmoor. The investigation leads the pair to Baskerville, a military research base. In the conclusion it is revealed that the hounds were images induced by a mind-altering drug, a chemical weapon whose creator was in fact the real murderer of Henry's father.
Futebol Clube do Porto is a Portuguese professional football club based in Porto, currently competing in the top tier Primeira Liga. Since its foundation in 1893 by António Nicolau de Almeida, the club has had 30 different presidents. Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa is the current and longest-serving president, having been in office since 1982. During his term, Porto won all of its international trophies as well as the majority of its national titles.

