The 2005 Triple J Hottest 100 was announced on 26 January 2006. It was the thirteenth such countdown of the most popular songs of the year, according to listeners of the Australian radio station Triple J.

At the end of the 1970–71 season they joined Division One South of the Southern League, but left after a single season in which they finished bottom of the table. They joined the Essex Senior League in 1976, before switching to the Athenian League in 1979. They rejoined the Southern Division of Southern League in 1982, and played in the Anglo-Italian Cup in 1986 losing 4–0 to Piacenza in the semi-final and then 3–2 to Merthyr Tydfil in the 3rd Place play-off. Despite finishing third in 1986–87 and reaching the first round of the FA Cup for the first time, they dropped back into the Essex Senior League at the end of the season.
In the social changes around the Civil Rights era, between 1965 and 1982, Native Americans renewed their commitments to the value of their ancient heritage. Working to celebrate their own strengths and exercise appropriate rights, they dramatically reversed the trend toward abandonment of Indian culture and tradition. During the 1960s, Community Action programs connected with Native Americans were based on citizen participation. In the 1970s, the Choctaw repudiated the extremes of Indian activism. The Mississippi Choctaw would lay the foundations of business ventures. Policy continued toward the ideology of Self-Determination.
Comfort index = 23.0
Aboriginal Peoples Party founder and independent.

Between the communities of Dowling and Onaping in Greater Sudbury, Highway 144 is home to the scenic A. Y. Jackson Lookout, overlooking the waterfall depicted in his 1953 painting "Spring on the Onaping River". It exits Greater Sudbury at Windy Lake Provincial Park and passes through the village of Cartier, then enters a long isolated stretch surrounded only by endless expanses of the boreal forest.
Potential complications are similar to other surgical vision correction procedures, and include infection and vision distortions, particularly problems with night vision.
<doc id="3850584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3850584" title="Chris Morton">
The department also oversees and awards the Pupil Personnel Certificate, which is certification for other professionals who have direct contact with students. This includes the following fields: School Social Worker; School Psychologist; School Counselor; School Attendance Teacher; School Nurse Teacher and School Dental Hygiene Teacher.
In 1997, Bungie released "Myth", which introduced radically larger battlefields than ever before and included a realistic (at the time) physics engine. In 2000, Creative Assembly created "", taking map sizes to even greater levels, as well as introducing historical and tactical realism until then unheard of in real-time computer games. "Ground Control" was also released in 2000, gaining much attention for its luscious visuals but earning developers Massive Entertainment few sales. In 2007, "World in Conflict" was also released by Massive Entertainment.

The number of registered voters in the Constituency PP-117 (Mandi Bahuddin-II) Phalia is 134,119 . among them almost half of them are of female voters.
As of 2010, the principal is Traci McCorkle, the associate principal is Lauren Lambert Avery, and the three assistant principals are Walter Traveler, Randy Loving, and Carli Francois. The school mascot is the spartan, and the school colors are royal blue and canary yellow. Although royal blue is the official color and mentioned in the alma mater, simple blue and gold are often used instead. The school newspaper is "The Spartan Lance", a member of the High School National Ad Network. Gonzales Middle School and Central Middle School feed into EA.
The Nachingwea Medal is named after this place .
Donaghmore, County Tyrone
