Moraczewo, Leszno County
2003 - Ugo Boccassi & Franco Rangone "(IO) lui, gli altri e la musica<br>
The Swan River flows south from Swan Lake into the mouth of Patchogue Bay, Long Island, New York, which then becomes the Great South Bay. Originally however, the headwaters reached as far north as Medford, New York near the vicinity of Medford Station. Swan River is a relatively clean, cold, free flowing, freshwater stream, generally less than 15 feet wide, with a sandy substrate. This segment of the river flows through much undeveloped forested wetland, but has also been encroached upon by residential development, road construction, and a commercial sand mining operation. Below the Montauk Highway, the river is tidal, and is bordered by undeveloped marshland and limited development of boat docking facilities. The fish and wildlife habitat encompasses the entire river, including an approximate one and one-half mile tidal segment, and an approximate two and one-half mile and serves freshwater segment, which extends from Swan Lake, above the Montauk Highway, to the headwaters of the stream. Above Swan Lake, flowing southward into Patchogue Bay,
Jabłonka Stara is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Miedzichowo, north-west of Nowy Tomyśl, and west of the regional capital Poznań.
Cheong Yoke Choy came from humble beginnings. To support his family's livelihood, he moved to Guang Zhou at the age of 14 years and 2 years later travelled to Malaya. He arrived in Rawang and first worked for a local council as an office boy. He led a tough life back then, and was once – whilst running errands for the local council – purportedly forced, for the sake of survival, to drink his own urine after finding himself lost and dehydrated in one of many the rubber estates in Rawang.
The paper quickly drew threats and attacks for its reporting on corruption by government ministers. In 1995, men pulled Wickrematunge and his first wife, Raine, out of their car and attacked them with clubs. Raine later stated that the death threats became part of the routine of their lives: "There were so many threatening calls. 'We are going to kill you. We are going to kill your children.'" In 2000, the government tried Wickrematunge for criminal libel of President Chandrika Kumaratunga, but Wickrematunge received no major penalties. In 2002, Raine left him due to the constant threats against their family, taking their three children to Australia.
DC Rod Skase was the definition of suave. The trouble was that he knew it only too well. His arrogance was supplemented by a sarcasm that could be withering and he rarely shied away from an opportunity to score points off another officer. Rod not only saw himself as superior to those in uniform, but superior to most of his CID colleagues as well, regardless of rank. Rod also liked to think of himself as a ladies' man; however his chauvinistic tendencies meant that he rarely impressed any of them, least of all his female co-workers. He seemed happiest working alongside those in CID, such as DS John Boulton, who preferred action to words and didn't stick rigidly to the rules. Boulton was perhaps the closest thing to a friend Rod made amongst his colleagues, who generally considered Rod likeable despite his arrogance, but not completely reliable. Rod also appeared to be genuinely troubled by Jim Carver's descent into alcoholism although this did not stop him from offering Carver a Whisky to win a bet. Rod had a somewhat tempestuous working relationship with his fellow DC, the diminutive yet feisty Suzi Croft. At best, they gently bickered with each other. At worst, they practically came to blows. Although it gradually became apparent that there was something deliberate in his provocation towards her, it took Suzi's sudden decision to leave Sun Hill for it to be strongly implied that Rod actually cared about her a good deal more than he let on. Despite his intelligence and quick thinking, Rod never quite seemed to grasp the old adage that pride comes before a fall and on more than one occasion he found himself looking like a prat, or worse, berated by Deakin or Meadows. Whilst he did get results, there were instances when he teetered on the brink in order to do so, and perhaps it was only a matter of time before he went over the edge. His biggest screw-up turned out to be his last. Attempting to crack the case of a missing child, Rod made the fatal error of trying to force facts to fit the evidence by getting a witness to lie. When the child was found dead, Meadows threatened to have Rod charged with perverting the course of justice. Devastated by the child's death and knowing that his job was seriously on the line, Rod resigned.
Conscription in the Ottoman Empire
Thomas Laybourn and Kamilla Rytter Juhl of Denmark won the World Championship title in the mixed doubles event, beating Lilyana Natsir and Nova Widianto of Indonesia (the defending champions) in the final. It was their first ever world title. The duo beat Zheng Bo and Ma Jin of China and Korea's Olympic champions on the way to the final. In the final, the Danish doubles pair won the first game by a score of 21–13 and also eased through the second game at a score of 21–17.

Child Welfare Committee Thrissur.
