In 1938, the Korean Sports Festival was forcibly dissolved by the colonial government. The festival, numbered 26th, resumed upon the 1945 liberation of Korea. With the establishment of South Korea in 1948, the event was renamed the "National Sports Festival," and individual competition was changed to competition among cities and provinces. The festival was cancelled in 1951, during the Korean War.
<doc id="5441189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5441189" title="Jean Davignon">
Rabbi Mordechai Aby Serour and the last Timbuktu community.
<doc id="5442368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5442368" title="Cerro Azul (Ecuador volcano)">

Meyer co-authored "The Union Square Cafe Cookbook" (HarperCollins, 1994) with his business partner, Chef Michael Romano. The book earned the IACP Julia Child Award for the best new cookbook by a first-time author, and was followed up with the highly acclaimed "Second Helpings from Union Square Cafe" (HarperCollins, 2001). Meyer also authored the New York Times bestseller "Setting the Table" (HarperCollins, 2006), which examines the power of hospitality in restaurants, business, and life. In May 2009, Meyer's restaurants released a cocktail cookbook, "Mix Shake Stir" (Little, Brown) featuring 140 recipes, along with tips, anecdotes and photography.
Changtang
Global versions.
Stemborers, parasitic striga weeds and poor soil fertility are the three main constraints to efficient production of cereals in sub-Saharan Africa. Losses caused by stemborers can reach as high as 80% in some areas and an average of about 15-40% in others. Losses attributed to striga weeds, on the other hand, range between 30% and 100% in most areas, and are often exacerbated by the low soil fertility prevalent in the region. The soils are highly degraded due to continuous cropping with limited or no external inputs to improve soil fertility. When the two pests occur together, farmers often lose their entire crops. Crop losses caused by stemborers and striga weeds amount to about US$ 7 billion annually, affecting mostly the resource-poor subsistence farmers.

A factor covered in the Monopolies Commission Report is the association of Chrysler with Rootes Group so that there was the possibility of a take-over from USA putting Jaguar's and Rover's body supplies at risk if BMC's proposal was vetoed. It was also noted by the commission that an internal document drawn up while negotiations between BMC and Pressed Steel were in progress set out the terms and assurances to be offered to customers including that the continuance of supply of bodies or tools to customers other than BMC would be "subject to BMC's own requirements". The Commission subsequently obtained assurances that allocations will be made to all customers on a "pro rata" basis.
Railway lines from Hay station.
"Käsivarsi", the Finnish word for arm, refers to the location of the area—in the raised arm of the Maiden of Finland.

