Levonorgestrel
Finance.
Biodegradable litter.
The college offers more than 70 academic degree and certificate programs in four schools. 

Paraprosdokian
Thirteen billion years ago, the Multiverse was born due to tampering with the creation of the universe by Krona, a scientist from the planet Maltus who was attempting to see the beginning of the universe. As a result of his actions, an infinite number of parallel universes were brought into existence side by side, separated only by minuscule vibrational differences, none of them as strong as the single universe that existed earlier would have been.
RG-31 Nyala

Altogether excavations uncovered 200 human fossils from more than 40 individuals including 5 nearly complete skullcaps before they were brought to a halt in 1937 by the Japanese invasion of China. Reports of Japanese atrocities include the torture and murder of workers at the site, with three bayoneted to death and a fourth forced to pull a rickshaw until dying of starvation.
The Larousse article also cites a putative ancient Spartan torture device, the "δακτυλήθρα" (Gk.,"thimble"), featuring finely threaded iron jaws between which toes were slowly crushed. One questions the historical accuracy of the claim that such an instrument could be engineered in ancient times. However, it is conceivable that such a device could be manufactured, albeit extremely crudely, of bronze.
The Council of Mantua, on Pentecost, 31 May 1064, ended the schism by formally declaring Alexander II to be the legitimate successor of St. Peter. Honorius II, however, maintained his claim to the papal chair to the day of his death in 1072.
Long-term effect.

At Fuad Ramses Catering store, wealthy socialite Dorothy Freemont arrives, where she arranges for Fuad to cater a party for her daughter Suzette. Fuad agrees and tells Mrs. Freemont that what he's preparing hasn't been prepared for over 5,000 years. Mrs. Freemont wants the catering done in two weeks, and Fuad assures her that he will have enough time to procure the last of his needed ingredients. After Mrs. Freemont leaves, Fuad ventures to the back storage room where he has displayed a large gold statue of the "mother of veiled darkness," the goddess Ishtar. Fuad is preparing a "blood feast" – a huge vat containing the dead women's body parts – that will ensure the goddess's resurrection. 
