After post-shakedown repairs and modification in November and December 1964, "James Madison" departed on her first deterrent patrol on 17 January 1965. By the end of 1966, she had completed her 10th deterrent patrol, serving in the European area. 
In one independent compilation based on the NRC’s "regression-based" rankings, the GTU appears at No. 22 overall.
Mundubbera
Mix 98.2.
Robert "Bob" Jones: Junie B.'s and Ollie's lovable father, whom Junie B. calls "Daddy." He takes Junie B. to the beauty shop with him in "Junie B. Jones is a Beauty Shop Guy", where she causes a disaster. In "Junie B., First Grader: One Man Band", he teaches Junie B. to juggle. Robert is said to be playful and silly around his daughter. In "Junie B. Jones is a Beauty Shop Guy", Junie B. says "he has other names too. Some people call him Bob, and other people call him Bobby. Plus today Mother called him Ace."
Many forms of social behaviour have been observed among hoary marmots, including play fighting, wrestling, social grooming, and nose-to-nose touching. Such activity becomes particularly frequent as hibernation approaches. Interactions with individuals from other colonies are less common, and usually hostile, with females chasing away intruders. Hoary marmots are also vocal animals, with at least seven distinct types of calls, including chirps, whistles, growls, and whining sounds. Many of these calls are used as alarms, alerting other animals to potential predators. They also communicate using scent, both by defecation, and by marking rocks or plants using scent glands on their cheeks.
Osby has contributed to the homages to Miles Davis's 1970s electric jazz performed by Henry Kaiser and Wadada Leo Smith's "Yo Miles" group. "The Village Voice" critic Francis Davis wrote of his contribution to their double album "Upriver", "Greg Osby superimposes his own brand of rhythmic complexity (one fully worthy of Wayne Shorter) on the rhythm section's static vamps every time he steps forward."
2008.
<doc id="954903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=954903" title="Li (surname)">
Alexander Watson (diplomat)
Controlling The Darkstars.
Necromunda is a skirmish tabletop war game that was produced by Specialist Games (a division of Games Workshop).
Some fans familiar with the idea of "MacHead" speculated it had been developed, renamed, and added to the band's catalog. They speculate that "MacHead" developed into "Bartender", which debuted in January 1999 at a Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds concert just months after the April '98 release of Before These Crowded Streets. In November 2009, Jake Vigliotti claims to have heard 6 different demo takes of "Machead" from an early 1997 recording session for the album, effectively confirming its existence to the fan community.
Philip was very attached to Elisabeth, staying close by her side even when she was ill with smallpox.Elisabeth's first pregnancy in 1560 resulted in a stillborn son. Elisabeth's second pregnancy in 1564 ended with a miscarriage of twin girls. She later gave birth to Infanta Isabella Clara Eugenia of Spain on 12 August 1566, and then to Isabella's younger sister Catherine Michelle of Spain on 10 October 1567. Elisabeth had another miscarriage on 3 October 1568, and died the same day, along with her newborn infant daughter.
French broadcaster NRJ challenged "The NRG" over the use of the name as the pronunciation was the same. 
Raymond's work on "X-9" is said to particularly reach for "the feel of the best pulp interior art of the time," a style that would evolve with his own so-called "great flourishes" and "later blossom to full effect in "Flash Gordon" and "Jungle Jim"". "Under his pen," writes Maurice Horn, his Sunday pages "became world famous (especially "Flash Gordon")." However, historian and critic R.C. Harvey argues that "despite Raymond's great talent as an illustrator, his deployment of the comic-strip medium (on "X-9") was not very impressive." Harvey feels that Raymond's work suffers in comparison to Milton Caniff's contemporaneous work, with Raymond's failings as a visual storyteller less noticeable on a weekly Sunday strip, where the space afforded played to his skills as an illustrator.

Basketball.
At the 2010 NBA All-Star Game at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, Pierce became the first Celtic since Larry Bird to win the Three-Point Shootout.
Theorem 1. For any conventional third-generation computer, an "effective" VMM may be constructed if the set of sensitive instructions for that computer is a subset of the set of privileged instructions.
Towards the end of the 18th Century, the textile industry grew significantly. A number of large mills were opened in the 1780s. These produced the necessary raw materials to develop weaving as an important cottage industry, providing many households with a secondary source of income to supplement agricultural incomes. By 1837 it was estimated that 4,000 persons were employed in the cotton and woollen business, in the Mountmellick area.
Life.
Soviet aircraft carrier Kiev
The Siege of Dapur occurred as part of Ramesses II's campaign to suppress Galilee and conquer Syria in 1269 BC. He inscribed his campaign on the wall of his mortuary temple, the Ramesseum in Thebes. The inscriptions say that Dapur was "in the land of Hatti". Although Dapur has often been identified with Tabor in Canaan, Kenneth Kitchen argues that this identification is incorrect and that the Dapur in question is in Syria, to the north of Kadesh.
it follows that:

<doc id="958472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=958472" title="Eulachon">
Hogan Phillip Ephraim (born 31 March 1988) is an English football player who is currently a free agent following his release by Queens Park Rangers. He is a graduate of the West Ham United Academy and a former England Under-19 international. His primary position is as a winger but he can also play as a forward.
