The 1995-96 EHF Cup Winners' Cup season, TBV Lemgo won the Europe's club handball tournament.

Among the most significant intellectual figures associated with Romanticism was Thomas Carlyle (1795–1881), born in Scotland and later a resident of London. He was largely responsible for bringing the works of German Romantics such as Schiller and Goethe to the attention of a British audience. An essayist and historian, he invented the phrase "hero-worship", lavishing largely uncritical praise on strong leaders such as Oliver Cromwell, Frederick the Great and Napoleon. His "" (1837) dramatised the plight of the French aristocracy, but stressed the inevitability of history as a force. With French historian Jules Michelet, he is associated with the use of the "historical imagination". In Romantic historiography this led to a tendency to emphasise sentiment and identification, inviting readers to sympathise with historical personages and even to imagine interactions with them. In contrast to many continental Romantic historians, Carlyle remained largely pessimistic about human nature and events. He believed that history was a form of prophesy that could reveal patterns for the future. In the late nineteenth century he became one of a number of Victorian sage writers and social commentators.
<doc id="35889366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35889366" title="Sergi Durán">
A special tag that can furthermore be used to define a fuzzy shape is codice_20. This tag is used to customize fuzzy shape (custom shape). The custom shape modeling is performed via a set of codice_21 tags that lists the extreme points of geometric area defining the custom fuzzy shape. Obviously, the attributes used in codice_21 tag are x and y coordinates. 
Another significant pact that emerged during 1958 was the unspoken one by which the civilian political leadership, particularly Rómulo Betancourt, agreed not to interfere with the military in any way and let them run their own affairs. The military in their turn pledged that they would not allow politicization within their ranks — to the extent that they even renounced their own right to vote (voting became compulsory for the rest of the Venezuelans).
This is a list of butterflies of Madagascar. About 297 species are known from Madagascar, 210 of which are endemic.
<doc id="35892445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35892445" title="1741 in Norway">

