The equipment on all of the Fusion models is as follows:
On December 19, 2011, Arredondo's surviving son, Brian, committed suicide, after battling depression and drug addiction ever since his brother's death. He was 24 years old at the time. Since Brian's death, the Arredondos have dedicated themselves to attending suicide groups sessions and conferences, especially related to military-related suicides. Both have worked with elected officials in the City of Boston and Commonwealth of Massachusetts to change systems regarding suicide policy.
<doc id="2763526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2763526" title="Hernán Medford">
By the end of 2008, and after a splendid season, the club's democratization process was started. After several months of legal processes, the team was confirmed by the División Mayor del Fútbol Colombiano (Dimayor) and the Federación Colombiana de Fútbol as the Deportivo Pereira S.A..
<doc id="2764673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2764673" title="Carmen Boullosa">
Some chapters of Phi Kappa Phi also sponsor conferences and campus speakers.
In 1944, a few hundred Jansonians managed to leave the "lycée" and joined the French Free Forces (the 1st Army of Jean de Lattre de Tassigny): they founded a new "élite" unit, "le 2ème Bataillon de Choc", also known as "Bataillon Janson-de-Sailly". They faced the German divisions in Alsace (especially in the battles of Masevaux and Colmar) during the great counter-attack of Ardennes, and entered Germany with General Patton's forces in 1945.
<doc id="2766632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2766632" title="Khayelitsha">
Wood died in December 1993 at the age of 43. There have been conflicting reports on the cause of his death, ranging from suicide to slipping on his kitchen floor and cracking his head open. Other reports from friends claim he was taking antihistamine for a cold and then consumed alcohol causing an unintentional lethal effect. 
Stigand remained Bishop of Chichester until his death in 1087, possibly on 29 August.
The intentionally inclined designed tower leads its visitor through an exhibit representing 6,000 years of human history. The tower has six floors, five of which comprise the history exhibit. The individual floors are accessible by means of an internal stairway, as well as a spiral wooden stair on the tower's exterior. The 8,000 square meter exhibition surface offers approximately 80 interactive experimental setups for the visitor to manipulate. In addition, the tower offers several hundred informational exhibits and diagrams. The exhibit is installed in chronological order. The Millennium Tower is in the Elbauenpark Magdeburg. Admission to the tower is included in the entrance price of the park.
At its inception the league was poorly received by the public and the press, and found it difficult to enforce its rules. However, the league slowly spread throughout the Pittsburgh area. The league controlled the growth to small numbers that they could handle. As such, the only organization absorbed as a whole was the old Allegheny Valley League. Following the local success of WPIAL, the idea was brought to the whole state in 1914 when the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA) was founded. Within PIAA, WPIAL has been designated as District 7, and since 1982, WPIAL/District 7. Although officially known as District 7, the WPIAL is grandfathered to keep the older name due to it predating the PIAA.
In May 1957, the remaining students from the first group in Johor Bahru were relocated to Tanjung Malim, Perak, where they shared the campus of Sultan Idris Teachers College (SITC), now known as Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris (UPSI). Along with other pupils who registered there, the number of students increased to 119. Mr. R.A. Goodchild, the SITC Principal, was assigned as a temporary Principal for this new school. Two months later, Mr R. A. Goodchild was replaced by Mr. C.F. Daniels. During this period, the teaching staff was 11, which included two part-time teachers.
There is no Sunday service.
