!align="right"|

<doc id="3485450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3485450" title="Međa (Žitište)">
In 2006, KBCB switched affiliation from Independent/ImaginAsian to ShopNBC. The network became ShopHQ in 2013.
Memory bandwidth that is advertised for a given memory or system is usually the maximum theoretical bandwidth. In practice the observed memory bandwidth will be less than (and is guaranteed not to exceed) the advertised bandwidth. A variety of computer benchmarks exist to measure sustained memory bandwidth using a variety of access patterns. These are intended to provide insight into the memory bandwidth that a system should sustain on various classes of real applications.
There are five different dress codes for the Seniors' Programme for various functions and occasions. These include, in decreasing formality, the Ceremonial Dress, the Day Dress, the Musketry, the Fatigue Dress and the PT Kit.
Relative quantification is based on internal reference genes to determine fold-differences in expression of the target gene. The quantification is expressed as the change in expression levels of mRNA interpreted as complementary DNA (cDNA, generated by reverse transcription of mRNA). Relative quantification is easier to carry out as it does not require a calibration curve as the amount of the studied gene is compared to the amount of a control housekeeping gene.

and the phylogeny is based on 16S rRNA-based LTP release 111 by The All-Species Living Tree Project 
Sam Taylor (August 13, 1895, New York City – March 6, 1958, Santa Monica) was a film director, screenwriter, and producer, most active in silent film era. Taylor is best known for his comedic directorial work with Harold Lloyd and Mary Pickford. 
North-Western Province is divided into 9 districts:
See also.
It surmised that the "principal existential threat to Israel at the present time is a conventional war mounted against it by a coalition of Arab states and/or Iran".

Ten Mile Junction LRT Station (BP14) is an LRT station on the Bukit Panjang LRT Line in Singapore. This LRT station is the only one that is air conditioned, has platform screen doors and has only one track.
The player controls Indiana Jones as he searches for the lost Ark of the Covenant. The game requires the player to use two different controllers: controller 2 moves Jones and its button uses an item; controller 1 selects the item to use and its button drops the item. This control scheme anticipated later game controllers with more buttons and games where buttons would allow the player to switch items without interrupting gameplay.
Requirements for a Common Contractual Fund.
Speed record: 
Ilok is a transit-tourist, port and border town on the Danube, known as the easternmost point of Croatia. The important cultural and historical heritage with Gothic churches being the most distinguished objects are said to represent the bordering line between western and eastern art. 
<doc id="3491794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3491794" title="Francis Parker">
Trapezoidal metric thread characteristics.

The University of Duisburg-Essen awards the "Mercator-Professur" to individuals who are well known for their social and scientific engagement. So far, recipients of the "Mercator-Professur" have been:
"Cetus" was laid down 21 November 1942 as liberty ship SS "George B. Cortelyou" (MCE hull 445) by Permanente Metals Corporation, Yard No. 2, Richmond, California, under a Maritime Commission contract; launched 26 December 1942; sponsored by Mrs. N. F. Potter; acquired by the Navy 4 January 1943; and commissioned 17 January 1943, Lieutenant Commander N. T. Gansa, USNR, in command.

She began to produce and direct entertainment shows in 1966 before switching to producing children's programming for Antenne 2 between 1970 and 1980 - in the process, devising the popular magazine show "Récré A2" and launching the television career of singer and actress Dorothée.
Water In The Sky (soundcheck)
History.
