The company was founded in 1949 by late V.C. Padmanabhan in Thrissur District. The company commenced its operations at Valapad, mainly with money lending activity on a very modest scale. The group's flag-ship company, MAGFIL, was established in 1992 in the wake of economic reforms launched by the Government of India. Manappuram's origins go back to 1949 when it was founded in Valapad (a coastal village in the Thrissur District of Kerala) by the late V.C. Padmanabhan, father of Nandakumar. Its activity was mainly pawn broking and money lending carried out on a modest scale.
<doc id="25827527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25827527" title="Avery Township, Humboldt County, Iowa">
<doc id="25828130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25828130" title="Bratukhin B-5">

Cemeteries.
Sagbayan.
Death.
Cultural legacy.
Paul Seabury

Australian Government increased aid with additional $5 million to meet urgent and emergency humanitarian needs such as food, water and sanitation, shelter and medical assistance. The additional assistance in this immediate response phase includes: $3 million to the World Food Programme, $1 million to Australian Non-Government Organisations and $1 million to the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. A team of specialist Royal Australian Air Force air traffic controllers will be sent to Port-au-Prince airport.
Corvallis Knights

The table shows key dates in the development of the rosary.:
Jackson is a native of St. Louis. He graduated from Soldan High School; received his B.S. in accounting from Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, OK (www.oru.edu); and received his M.A. in International Business from George Mason University in Fairfax, VA (www.gmu.edu).
<doc id="25838753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25838753" title="Theotokos of Buchyn">
To celebrate its 60th anniversary circa 1995, Penguin Books released three boxed sets of Penguin Classics.

In 1982, following his graduation from the University of London, he joined the National Resistance Army, a rebel outfit that fought the regime of Milton Obote II and captured power in 1986. He has since grown in military rank and held multiple offices in the army and public service, including the following:
Lawrence P. Ressler (1848–1918) was an American professional baseball player who played during the 1875 season for the Washington Nationals. Ressler was the first French-born Major League Baseball player.

Description.

Game notes.
According to the government, approximately $100 billion per year is spent on subsidizing energy prices ($45 billion for the prices of fuel alone) and many consumable goods including bread, sugar, rice, cooking oil and medicine. However, some experts believe direct subsidies are about $30 billion, depending on oil prices.

Coming off their win over the Colts, the Cowboys went home for a Week 14 NFC East duel with the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday night. Dallas trailed early in the first quarter as Eagles quarterback Michael Vick got a 1-yard touchdown run. The Cowboys answered with quarterback Jon Kitna finding tight end Jason Witten on a 1-yard touchdown pass. The Eagles regained the lead in the second quarter with Vick completing a 1-yard touchdown pass to offensive guard Todd Herremans. Afterwards, Dallas closed out the half with a 50-yard field goal from kicker David Buehler.
January 3, 1988.

Lasionycta taigata is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It occurs in open peatlands and fens in the taiga zone from Labrador, Churchill, Manitoba, and central Yukon, southward to northern Maine, northern Minnesota, and south-western Alberta.
Marie-Anne, meanwhile, believes that Emmanuelle needs to be cured of her need to associate sex with love. She offers to introduce Emmanuelle to a friend, Mario, an Italian nobleman, who can do this. The two meet for the first time at an embassy cocktail party and Emmanuelle agrees to join him for dinner the following night. Emmanuelle thinks that Mario will become her lover, but Ariane dismisses this idea, telling Emmanuelle that Mario is gay.
Areobindus was the recipient of two letters of Theodoret of Cyrrhus, which show that he had lands in that city, among other attested in Euphratensis.

Emeka Obidile
Occasionally persons un-related to the child were given custody. A couple who expressed a desire for a child or friends of the family may be given responsibility. Children were treated as a form of “currency” in Jackson Harbor; they were “‘borrowed’ or ‘loaned.’” Kin shared an understanding and relied on each other, creating a familial allegiance. Stack reported that, “In 1970 four-fifths of the children in The Flats were being raised by their mothers. One-fifth of the children were living with kinsmen rather than with their mothers.”
Availability.
Thomas Sutherland (cricketer)
<br>
