

The local football club is named Club Deportivo Estrellas del Sur and it currently plays in the Salvadoran Third Division.
Miriam Pirazzini (born August 21, 1918) was a well-known Italian mezzo-soprano. Born in Vicenza, she made her formal debut in Rome, in 1944, as Laura Adorno in "La Gioconda". For the next twenty years, she was one of Italy's foremost mezzo-sopranos.
Applications to Memory Phenomena.
-The Monument and its park are currently host to community picnics and seasonal caroling. Thus it is a site of celebration as well as for remembering a difficult past. 1
Skyler and Walter Jr. are distraught over Hank's death and hold Walter accountable. They refuse to leave Albuquerque with Walter and instead contact the police. Walter spends the next several months hiding in a cabin in New Hampshire while struggling with cancer. He returns to New Mexico in order to visit his family one final time and seek revenge against Jack. Later that night, Walter executes all of the gang's members and frees Jesse, who escapes from the compound before the police arrive. Walter realizes he is mortally wounded from a gunshot and slowly succumbs to his injury as the police search the compound.
Acoustic recordings also include the following works:
Doug Irwin was the designer and builder of 5 custom guitars for Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead. The guitars he built for Garcia included 
Danskøya (Danes island) is first marked on Doncker’s map (1655). It is named after the Danish whalers who resorted there. On the island’s west coast, in "Robbe Bay" (Kobbefjorden), they established a permanent station in 1631, which they occupied until 1658. Robbe Bay is first marked on Dutch maps from Middelhoven’s (1634) to that of Giles and Rep (c. 1710). The latter mapmakers were the first to call it "Danes Bay", while the Danish themselves called it "Copenhagen Bay". The English called the islands southwest point "Gurnerd’s Nose", while the Dutch called it "Engelsche Uytkyk", or English Outlook. The bay in the north coast was called by the Dutch "Houcker Bay", but has been renamed "Virgo Bay" (Virgohamna) after Andrée’s steamer. Off the northeastern coast lays a small island, which the Dutch called "Deadman’s Island", which, as the name suggests, was used as a graveyard by the whalers. It is now known by its Norwegian equivalent, Likholmen (Corpse Island).
<doc id="14429202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14429202" title="LPAR6">
Bill Connelly may refer to:
It is important to note that Shuja never engaged in conflict but managed his resources and manpower well enough to posture, never to attack. He had at his disposal the richest province in the country but had "problems" like Oudh, marauding Marathas and a weak Mughal Emperor. He preferred sending "supplies" to Delhi rather than "armies" to fight for the declining Mughals. He had advised caution while dealing with Nadir Shah and adopted a "hands off" approach on learning that Nadir had left Persia for Delhi. He however kept on sending a part of his revenue collection to Delhi and unlike the Nawab of Oudh kept away from the court intrigues in the Red Fort. It is ironical that Bengal suffered its worst famines and poverty levels one century later.
First section (lines 1–9).
[http://www.wainwrightbank.com/html/about/news/news/articles/2010/GayBankBought.html]
"Euthamia graminifolia" is a herbaceous plant with alternate, simple leaves, on thin, branching stems. The flowers are yellow, borne in summer through fall.

