
Since the autumn of 2010 a service questions and answers, similar to Google services FAQ. In this section, any user can ask questions about the IT-topics and receive answers from other members of the project.
The term was used by a yearlong Australian Senate Investigation in 2000, which noted "successful applications for workers’ compensation for illness attributed to fumes on the BAe 146," "received approximately 20 individual submissions describing symptoms experienced by crew members and attributed to oil fumes leaking into the aircraft cabin," and concluded that "the issue of fume contaminants should also be considered a safety issue with regard to the ability of cabin crew to properly supervise the evacuation of an aircraft and the ability of passengers to take part in an evacuation".
Medical.
In 2009 Schnieber-Jastram was elected to the European Parliament. After her election, Schnieber-Jastram was criticised, among others, by the newspaper "Der Spiegel", for collecting a pension for her job as Hamburg Senator (€5,500) and receiving monthly €7,665 for her election as MEP. The Hamburg Government announced plans to change its law, to prevent double income.
Jean-Éric Vergne
<doc id="24438100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24438100" title="Artyom Kolesnichenko">
Campus.
"Chinga" was co-written by noted horror author Stephen King after he requested to pen an episode of "The X-Files". Carter rewrote portions of King's final draft, resulting in a shared writing credit for the entry. During filming, Gillian Anderson performed her lines in a tongue in cheek manner, which resulted in Carter informing her that her lines were not meant to be humorous and that the production staff was having to edit out various shots. The supermarket shots were filmed in an actual supermarket, a first for the series, according to art director Greg Loewen. Chinga, the titular evil doll, was created by sewing together various doll parts, including an oversized head and a wig created from multiple hairpieces.
Children of the Rune (Korean: 룬의 아이들) is a Korean novel by Jeon Min-Hee. The novel is set in the same world found in the online video game "Talesweaver", but has a different storyline. The world first appeared in a Korean online chatting program, "4Leaf". It has two parts; the first is "Winterer", and the second is "Demonic". The third part will be published after "Tower of the Sun" (태양의 탑), one of the Arund Chronicles, is finished.
In 1941, Igor Sikorsky fitted utility floats (also called pontoons) to the Vought-Sikorsky VS-300, making the first practical amphibious helicopter. In the 1940s and 1950s, some models of helicopter such as the Bell 47 and 48 and the Sikorsky R-4 and R-6 were fitted with utility floats so that they could rest on both water and land.
1966 - Charles Christmas

Bucharest-Ilfov (development region)
The North Carolina Aquarium also features two hands-on exhibits: the Tidal Touch Pool, featuring a large variety of aquatic invertebrates, and Skate and Ray Encounters. 
DYRH (1395 kHz Cebu City) is an AM relay station of DZRH owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines. The station's studio is located in Golden Peak Hotel and Suites, Gorordo Ave., cor. Escario St., Cebu City.
On September 22, 2009 Damas confessed to police that he killed his family, he also told news reporters that he wanted to die and go to heaven. Damas has now been charged with the six murders and could face either life imprisonment or the death penalty if found guilty.
Early life, education and work.
<doc id="24448030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24448030" title="SicolaMartin">
<doc id="24448647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24448647" title="Patrick Pasculli">
Ason is (朝臣), a prestigious "kabane" (rank) for former princes in ancient Japanese.
Abraham Bredius was responsible for the first "rediscovery" of this painter, re-attributing two of his still life paintings that at that time were considered to be by Cuyp. Cornelis Hofstede de Groot strongly disagreed with him and the Cuyp-Calraet question was escalated in the Dutch newspapers after Frits Lugt announced a new Abraham Calraet painting in the Frans Hals Museum in 1915. Bredius "won" the argument and many of his attributions still stand today. 
According to a biography from the "pro-government" Iran Student Correspondents Association summarized in the website Iran Rises, Taeb was born in 1342 (1963/4). After his middle education, he went to seminary school and reached an advanced degree (kharej) in Islamic jurisprudence after studying in Tehran, Mashhad, and Qom. He had studied with, among others, Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei. Taeb joined the Revolutionary Guards (which supervises the Basij) in 1361 (1982/3), beginning his work in Region 10 of Tehran and continued on to Qom and Mashhad. He was "for some time the Revolutionary Guards’ coordinator with the Leader as well as the cultural commander of Imam Hossein College." He lost a brother in the Kerbala V operation during the Iran-Iraq War and is married with three children.
History.
In November 2007, SIC hired independent band manager Orpheus Spiliotopoulos (Scar of The Sun, Kinetic, ex-Dreamtone & Iris Mavraki's Neverland). That same month, SIC shot its second official music video, in Greece, for the song "Rosegarden In Hell" with Greek director Achilleas Gatsopoulos who had previously directed the video for Dark Tranquillity's "Monochromatic Stains" and had also worked in the art department for such movies as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. The video premiered on MTV Denmark's "Headbanger's Ball", presented by the show's host and VJ Anne Lindfjeld on April 13, 2008. 
Miss Texas USA 2006, was held at the Laredo Entertainment Center in Laredo, Texas on June 26, 2005. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Lauren Lanning of Houston was crowned by outgoing titleholder Tyler Willis
Synthetic morphology is a sub-discipline of the broader field of synthetic biology.
Since the start of the BCS70, seven full sets of data have been collected in 1970, 1975, 1980, 1986, 1996, 1999/2000 and 2004/2005. An eighth survey is taking place in 2012, with the participants at age 42.
<doc id="24457573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24457573" title="Morphism of varieties">
Planetary boundaries is the central concept in an Earth system framework proposed by a group of Earth system and environmental scientists led by Johan Rockström from the Stockholm Resilience Centre and Will Steffen from the Australian National University. In 2009, the group proposed a framework of “planetary boundaries” designed to define a “safe operating space for humanity” for the international community, including governments at all levels, international organizations, civil society, the scientific community and the private sector, as a precondition for sustainable development. This framework is based on scientific research that indicates that since the Industrial Revolution, human actions have gradually become the main driver of global environmental change. The scientists assert that once human activity has passed certain thresholds or tipping points, defined as “planetary boundaries”, there is a risk of “irreversible and abrupt environmental change”. The scientists identified nine Earth system processes which have boundaries that, to the extent that they are not crossed, mark the safe zone for the planet. However, because of human activities some of these dangerous boundaries have already been crossed, while others are in imminent danger of being crossed.

The "Mengzi" did not initially enjoy a preeminent position among the great works of Classical Chinese. In the Book of Han's list of notable books and classics, the "Mengzi" is listed only among the miscellaneous minor works. Emperor Wen of Han officially listed the "Mengzi", along with the "Analects", the "Classic of Filial Piety", and the "Erya", among the "Teachings and Records of Master Scholars", giving it Imperial approval. During the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period, Emperor Meng Chang of Later Shu included the "Mengzi" in his project of engraving Chinese classics upon stone stele, which likely marks its earliest entrance into the category of true Chinese classics. During the reign of Emperor Xiaozong of Song, Zhu Xi declared the official addition of "The Four Books" () — the "Mengzi", the "Analects", the "Great Learning", and the "Doctrine of the Mean" as Chinese classics all students should learn. By the Ming Dynasty and Qing Dynasty, the "Mengzi" was part of the material tested on the Imperial examinations.
"Chance Pe Dance" is loosely based on Shahid Kapoor and D'Souza's lives as it was mentioned on "Tere Mere Beach Mein", a show hosted by Farah Khan, that they were both given a second chance in life.
Curse of Kehama
