Note that not all countries are included because data for the indicators are not always available. So positions could change if they were. Especially countries at the bottom could drop considerably if the list were extended. For specific values for other countries than the ones on the list, see source links below.
<doc id="4601440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4601440" title="Glucan">
In August 2013, a team of celebrities entered TV Show Fort Boyard (TV series) on France 2 to raise funds for the charity, the team collected six of the seven (clé) keys before visiting Blanché, and collected four clue-words (indices) with 2m20 in the Treasure Room. The team collected over €18.000 for the charity.
As far as the formation of two organs of the administration is concerned, a multi-central model was adopted with the composition of two annual bodies (deliberative and executive) which had unclearly defined and separated duties. This declaration took the official form of a constitutional text; this is the Constitution of Epidauros, the first constitution in the modern history of Greece.
The music video for "Miss Jackson" was directed by Jordan Bahat and released on Fueled by Ramen's YouTube channel, featuring the American actress Katrina Bowden, who is known for playing Cerie on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock". The hotel scene was filmed in Barstow, California.
Values Adjusted For Inflation.

As tracking and navigational test ship, 1964–1999.
The commutation cell is the basic structure in power electronics. It is composed of an electronic switch (today a high-power semiconductor, not a mechanical switch) and a diode. It was traditionally referred to as a chopper, but since switching power supplies became a major form of power conversion, this new term has become more popular.


Living Books: Probably the best known of Mason's methods is her use of living books for every subject possible instead of dry, factual textbooks or books that are 'written down' to children.
Career.
Opening Round Game – Dayton, Ohio.

<doc id="4607205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4607205" title="April 2, 2006 tornado outbreak">
Early life.
The school was officially opened on 1 December 1976 as the fifth secondary school in Palmerston North. Like most New Zealand state secondary schools of the 1970s, Awatapu College was built to the S68 design, characterised by single-storey classroom blocks with concrete block walls, low-pitched roofs, protruding clerestory windows, and internal open courtyards.

By the time Shao Kang turned 16, the rumor of his existence as the last heir of Xia had reached Han Zhuo. Soon Han Zhuo dispatched his two sons to find and kill Shao Kang and he was forced to flee from his grandfather's estate.
Over time, due to the relatively limited number of potential consorts, the gene pool of many ruling families grew progressively smaller, until all European royalty was related. This also resulted in many being descended from a certain person through many lines of descent, such as the numerous European royalty and nobility descended from Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom or King Christian IX of Denmark. The House of Habsburg was infamous for inbreeding, with the Habsburg lip cited as an ill effect, although no genetic evidence has proved the allegation. The closely related houses of Habsburg, Bourbon, Braganza and Wittelsbach also engaged in first-cousin unions frequently and in double-cousin and uncle-niece marriages occasionally.
As of March 2014, the school enrolls approximately 200 students. While students must be Roman Catholic and male, the student body is predominantly Hispanic and Asian.
Maple Hill Cemetery (Huntsville, Alabama)
