Marc Møller
The centre differential contained within many 4 wheel drive cars is similar to the conventional differential in a 2 wheel drive car. It allows torque to be distributed to both drive axles whilst allowing them to spin at different speeds, which vastly improves the cornering of a 4 wheel drive car on surfaces with high grip such as tarmac. However, unlike the differentials on the drive axles which are configured to provide torque equally to both wheels, the centre differential is usually set to have a bias to one set of drive wheels or the other, depending on application of the car. 
GVSU has a club water polo team which consistently competes for conference and national championships. They compete under the auspice of the Collegiate Water Polo Association. As of 2007, they have won 5 straight conference championships in the Great Lakes Division. In 2005 they won the national championship by defeating Michigan State University at Williams College. In 2006, they were national runners-up, losing to Michigan State University 6-4 at Miami (OH) University.
<doc id="14306128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14306128" title="George Emlen Roosevelt">
Monk Fryston
E-rosetting.
After the Peace of 1713, he retired from municipal affairs and gave the State Street property to his nephew Johannes De Peyster. He moved with his family to his farm in Guilderland, several miles west of Albany. He continued trading and maintained his position as Commissioner of Indian Affairs, making a number of trips to the Iroquois country.
On October 20, all five of the top teams remained unbeaten. #1 Texas beat Arkansas 7-3 at home. #2 Alabama defeated Tennessee at Knoxville, 27-7. The #3 USC Trojans hosted California and won 32-3. #4 LSU beat Kentucky at Lexington 7-0 and #5 Mississippi shut out Tulane in New Orleans, 21-0. Nevertheless, LSU and Mississippi dropped to 6th and 7th in the next poll, while Big Ten rivals Northwestern and Wisconsin reached the Top 5. Northwestern had beaten Ohio State 18-14 at Columbus, while Wisconsin thrashed Iowa 42-14. The rankings were 1.Texas 2.Alabama 3.Northwestern 4.USC 5.Wisconsin
F 7 Såtenäs, Skaraborgs Flygflottilj ("Skaraborg Air Force Wing") or simply F 7, is a Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Lidköping in south-central Sweden.
