
Postwar slump and closure.
<doc id="22360387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22360387" title="Kostadin Varimezov">

Ernest Oliver Knoch, son of CPC founder Adolph Ernst Knoch and former editor of "Unsearchable Riches", wrote of Thomson:
He was forced to retire in 1926 due to heart disease, and developed laryngeal cancer. For this he underwent surgery but did not tolerate radiotherapy well and died in early 1927.
Stamps issued: Sweden (1984)
Thimig was the founding father of one of Austria's most famous theatrical families, but was born in Dresden, the son of a shoemaker. He worked in a grocery and attended a trade school before making several appearances on stage as an amateur in his home town. He made his professional debut in October 1872 in the town theatre of Bautzen. Within only two years, via the theatres in Zittau, Kamenz and Freiberg, Saxony, and the "Lobe-Theater" in Breslau, he obtained an engagement at the "Burgtheater", and arrived in Vienna in 1874 to take it up. A week before his 20th birthday he gave his first performance there as Didier in Charlotte Birch-Pfeiffer's "Die Grille".
The ACT, coached by Kevin Delmenico, had only two players with VFL experience in their team - captain Kevin Neale and Fitzroy's Michael Conlan. Their only match was against Warren Roper's Queensland, who had failed to qualify for Section One. The Canberrans themselves had qualified for the Section Two Final by winning a play-off against the Australian Amateurs, New South Wales and Northern Territory earlier in the year.
"Empire Ransom" was a 2,905 GRT cargo ship which was built by William Gray & Co Ltd, West Hartlepool. Launched on 31 August 1943 and completed in November 1943. Sold in 1946 to Kelvin Shipping Co Ltd and renamed "Baron Elibank". Operated under the management of H Hogarth & Sons Ltd. Sold in 1959 to Empros Sbhipping Co Ltd, Greece and renamed "Armenistis". Arrived on 6 July 1971 at Tamise, Belgium for scrapping.
33rd Mountain Infantry Division Acqui
In 1983, the Inland Revenue Department granted NZEA the status of charitable organisation.

The Canton of Saint-Martin-d'Auxigny comprises 11 communes and a total of 12,093 inhabitants (census of 1999, without double counting).
<doc id="22371158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22371158" title="Asterias Seamount">
Douglas Geers
Slingsby Primary
In July 2013, he making come back in to the fashion industry with a perform in the 19th New Britain Mask Festival in Kokopo, Papua New Guinea.
Standings Final Round.
Mathiesen was no less pragmatic when it came to his personal life. His wife and four children stayed in Norway; in Denmark he lived with former maid Anne Bue (1783–1853) and the four children they had together. Through his daughter Henriette, who died already in 1822, he was the father-in-law of Nicolai Johan Lohmann Krog.
Lyndon and Knox were recognized when awarded the Inc. Magazine Entrepreneur of the Year Award by Ernst & Young and Merrill Lynch. Former employees from Park Place Productions include John Smedley (Developer), current President of Sony Online, Chris Whaley (Red Zone Interactive) and others. Products produced under Lyndon's supervision included Jeopardy!, Wheel of Fortune and Kawasaki for GameTek Inc., Madden Football and NHL Hockey for Electronic Arts, Mohammad Ali Boxing, Magic Johnson Basketball and David Robinson Basketball for Virgin Games, NFL Football for Konami, Quarterback Club Football for Acclaim, ESPN Baseball for Sony, Batman and numerous others.
Sources.
The Earle-Wightman House is owned by the Town of Oyster Bay and operated by the Oyster Bay Historical Society as its headquarters, research library, and museum. The Society, a nonprofit organization, was founded in 1960 with the single purpose of preserving the history of the Oyster Bay community.
