The "Ebon Hawk" is the players character's ship in ' and '. It is designed to be reminiscent of the "Millennium Falcon".
With Mundell Lowe
Angela Bofill
Applications:
Fallen Rock Motorway - 1/4 Miles <br>
Stack space.
Lacking her daughter's power to fly and taking her daughter's original Golden Age incarnation, Wonder Woman's mother, Hippolyta, makes good use of the Plane during her time-travelling stint as the Wonder Woman of the 1940s. To adjust to the era, she willed the device to assume the form of a prop-driven plane and it took on the appearance of the original invisible plane of the earlier comics. After its return to modern times, the Plane once again begins to display a personality, and like its earlier incarnation, it ultimately develops the power to talk. When a villain manipulates the Plane's feelings of anger at having been ignored for so many years regardless of faithful service, it attacks Wonder Woman and her friends. But after realizing what it had done, it displays its capacity for remorse after and tried to make amends by transforming itself into a floating base above Gateway City for its mistress. Proving a good—though mostly silent and faceless—friend, the Plane receives a proper name: WonderDome. Later, Dome's technology is also incorporated into the Amazons' city of Themyscira following its reconstruction in the wake of the Imperiex War. Dome even reunites with members of its long lost family at one point.
To the north the range is mostly a coastal ridge east of Otford, becoming a cliff at Mount Mitchell, and continuing to include an eroded cliff at its top until Bulli Pass where it becomes rounded, forming Woonona Mountain, until Brokers Nose where the cliff reappears, before appearing again on the edge of Mount Keira and Warra, disappearing until west of Dapto where it forms the famous southern escarpment and curves in for Macquarie Pass National Park and Mount Murray at before turning into Knights Hill at and then forming Noorinan promontory, its summit at , and Saddleback Mountains.
[http://www.joanne-harris.co.uk/v3site/books/gentlemen/index.html]
The name of the city comes from the Guanicuns Indians, who would hunt a bird with the same name (extinct). The anicuns bird was known for its beautiful feathers and song. The Indians made adornments from the feathers and ate the bird's tongue believing that it would allow them to imitate its beautiful singing.
Like Médecins Sans Frontières, PSFCI was founded and based in France, but has since evolved to an international organization, with support from national associations in a number of countries, including Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Morocco, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Tunisia. PCFCI has organized missions in countries in Africa, the Balkans, Central Asia, the Far East, and Latin America.
