History.
The Sitcom Trials
Virtue / Moir won their fourth national title in January 2012. In February, the competed at the 2012 Four Continents Championships. After a second place short dance, they rallied in the free dance to win their second Four Continents championships and first since 2008. It was also their first victory over training mates Meryl Davis / Charlie White since the 2010 World Championships. Virtue / Moir then competed at the 2012 World Championships and won the gold medal finishing first in both the short and free dance ahead of silver medalists Davis / White.
Phylogenetics.
Although it is rare in South Asia, some populations show relatively high percentages for R-M343. These include Lambadi showing 37% , Hazara 32% , and Agharia (in East India) at 30% . Besides these, R-M343 has appeared in Balochi (8%), Chenchu (2%), Makrani (5%), Newars (10.6%), Pallan (3.5%), Indian Punjabis (7.6%) and West Bengalis (6.5%) (, , and ).
Due to the redevelopment of the 1950s/60s the once overcrowded and poverty-stricken area suffered from serious depopulation. From the 1980s onwards the Canongate area became notably less industrial, with many of the breweries closing, and residential redevelopment began. In the 1990s and 2000s, flats and offices were built on the former industrial land south of the main road, reversing the decline in population. Whilst much of this development has a modern appearance, some attempt has been made in terms of layout to retain the "fishbone" pattern characteristic of the Royal Mile.
In 1992, The KLF released a limited edition mail order only single containing a new version of "3 a.m." featuring the grindcore/crust punk band Extreme Noise Terror. The two bands also performed a live version of the song at that year's BRIT Awards ceremony. The Brits performance included by a limping, kilted, cigar-chomping Drummond firing blanks from an automatic weapon over the heads of the crowd. After viewing the rehearsals, the "NME" writer Danny Kelly said: "Compared to what's preceded it, this is a turbo-powered metallic wolf breaking into a coop full of particularly sick doves... And the noise? Well, the noise is hardcore punk thrash through a disco Techno hit played by crusties. All bases covered, brilliantly. Clever, "clever" bastards." At the end of the performance, Scott Piering announced to a stunned crowd that "The KLF have now left the music business". Within a few months, they did just that - their records were deleted and The KLF retired from the industry.
Che Centaur.
16th century.
The carousel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1986. It is one of the two oldest operating carousels in the United States; the other, the Flying Horse Carousel in Watch Hill, Rhode Island (also a National Historic Landmark), is of a similar vintage, and is also a Dare Company carousel.
History.
<doc id="4151480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4151480" title="Kamerik">
for
Appearances.
Following the Siege of Vicksburg, Force marched on to northern Georgia, where he fought in the Atlanta Campaign. He was severely wounded in the face during the Battle of Atlanta and was disfigured for life. For his valor during the Atlanta Campaign, Force was promoted to major general of volunteers in March 1865. In 1892, he received the Medal of Honor. The citation read, ""Charged upon the enemy's works, and after their capture defended his position against assaults of the enemy until he was severely wounded.""

Philemon (; c. 362 BC – c. 262 BC) was an Athenian poet and playwright of the New Comedy. He was born either at Soli in Cilicia or at Syracuse in Sicily but moved to Athens some time before 330 BC, when he is known to have been producing plays.
Discussing "Encounter" in the 1950s, Stefan Collini noted that although "Encounter" was not
