
The 1960–61 NHL season was the 44th season of the National Hockey League. The Chicago Black Hawks defeated the Detroit Red Wings in the 1961 Stanley Cup Final four games to two to win the Stanley Cup. It was the first series since with two American-based teams. It was Chicago's first Cup win since ; they would not win another until .
References.
Etymology.
Ever since the 1994 Northridge Earthquake, Bottle Village has been in dire need of support and funding. The late artist, Joanne Johnson wrote, that the “crumbling Bottle Village is an ironic paradox -- built from castoffs, now cast aside," who was one of the tour guides. This piece of Folk Art is the definition of the saying “one mans treasure is another mans junk,” because of the disrepair the site is in now, there is very little activity. There are very few people who can still give scheduled tours of the village, and because they are volunteers, they do not have very flexible schedules, so personal tours are difficult to book.
The song is also known under the titles "Shanghai Rose" and "China Rose."
"Appetizing" is used as a noun by itself to refer to these type of foods. Appetizing includes both dairy and "parve" (neither dairy nor meat) food items such as lox (smoked salmon), whitefish, and cream cheese spreads. These foods are typically eaten for breakfast or lunch and, based on Jewish kashrut dietary laws, include no meat products (kosher fish products are not considered meat). The simplest distinction is that an appetizing store is a place that sells fish and dairy products, whereas a delicatessen sells meats (but not dairy products, if it's a kosher deli).

The G-criterion is a fracture criterion that relates the critical stress intensity factor (or fracture toughness) to the stress intensity factors for the three modes. This failure criterion is written as

<doc id="2548364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2548364" title="Dutch Mantel">
The Boodhi Mata Mandir attracts numerous pilgrims every year.Salkan pur, Hanuman dhaam, Dwarkadhessh mandir, tilak sendoor and Khedapati Mata Mandir, 11 Mukhi Hanumanji, Saraddev are famous temples in and around Itarsi. The town is known for its particular arrangement of community colonies, e.g., Sindhi colony, Punjabi colony, Malviya Colony, etc. There are many Muslims in Itarsi. Mazjids include Noorani Mazjid, Hussaini Mazjid, mazjid Habeebiya Barkate Raza. There are churches like the Friend's, the Roman Catholic, the Evangelical Church, the Evangelical Lutheran Church and the Pentecostal Church. The Brahma Kumari Samaj have a branch here.
