In 2003 IWRG also introduced a group designed to be the "archenemy" of Los Megas in the form of Comando Mega, Comando Gama and Comando Omega. The group feuded for the better part of a year. The storyline between the two factions saw Mega and Ultra Mega defeat Comando Mega and Comando Gama in a "Lucha de Apuesta", mask vs. mask match on June 6, 2004. Following the end of the feud with the Comandos Los Megas began to fade away; some of the members lost their masks and made only sporadic appearances over the next year. Los Megas teamed together one last time in 2005 after not having worked as a team for over six months, they joined together to lose the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship that they still held. On December 22, 2005, Ultra Mega was one of the participants in IWRG's annual "Castillo del Terror" ("Castle of Terror") event, a multi-man Steel Cage Match that came down to Ultra Mega and Nemesis. The last two competitors were forced to wrestle under "Lucha de Apuesta" rules in a match that Nemesis won, forcing Ultra Mega to unmask. Following his mask loss Ultra Mega turned "rúdo" (bad guy), but without the mask the Ultra Mega character did succeed.
Chō is the 7th major single by female J-pop singer-songwriter Tsukiko Amano, from her third major album "Tenryū". It was released on November 12, 2003, and reached a peak of #49 on the Oricon weekly charts, charting for 8 weeks. The song was used as the theme song of PlayStation 2 survival horror game "". The lyrics of the song tie in with the main themes of the game, and the PV was shot using similar imagery to that seen in-game, including crimson CG butterflies, which can also be seen on the cover. The song was also included on "Catalog", Amano's "best of" album.



Section:Yuchang Highway: Yuli, Hualien - Changbin, Taitung.
The 2006 Hart Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Hart District Council in Hampshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
TRT International April 23 Children's Festival is a festival which is celebrated on April 23 each year in Turkey. This festival is gathering the children from all over the world under the motto of "Love, Friendship and Peace". The festival is organized by Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.

The preceding literature suggests that school orientations and professional development led by community leaders and residents that instruct teachers about community heritage might lead to a more successful educational experience and outcomes for children and the community. An important objective of heritage preservation is to help people in a community develop a collective identity. David Lowenthal suggests that “Remembering the past is crucial for our sense of identity…to know what we were confirms that we are” (p. 197). Good and Good argue the importance of memory, suggesting that “…ways of framing that which is hidden or left unspoken…suggest the importance of an increasing body of writing on memory, traumatic memory, and memory politics and of methods aimed at observing or retrieving remainders of violence or traumatic historical events” (2008:15). In engaging with the past it is important that we do not forget the youth in the community that are the future of the community. They are stakeholders as well as the adults, and they too need a voice. Makagon and Neuman suggest that the narrative realm can be enlarged through citizen storytellers who “…can be anyone who wants to create a documentary about historical or contemporary life…the concept is based in the idea of democratizing the means of representing interests, issues, experiences, and the concerns of people who do not have access to media but have stories they want to tell”(55). Coming to terms with the past is critical both for elders but also for youth and its impact on their evolving identity.

"Murder-Set-Pieces" was theatrically released by Blackwatch Releasing in a number of major U.S. cities, including Los Angeles, Las Vegas, New York and Chicago on December 24 – Christmas Eve – of 2004. The original theatrical release of "Murder-Set-Pieces" had a running time of 105 minutes. "Murder-Set-Pieces" was submitted to Motion Picture Association of America's Classification and Rating Administration, which threatened the film with a dreaded NC-17 rating without the requirement of major editing. While Palumbo stated in several interviews that "Murder-Set-Pieces" was intended as an NC-17 film because of the strong graphic content, he and the producers ultimately chose to release the film unrated to accommodate a major city theatrical release. Over a half dozen continuous, realistic murder scenes take place in the feature film. The special effects team enlisted for "Murder-Set-Pieces" employed the use of over 55 gallons of special effects blood over the course of the production for the film.
Solariella tenuicollaris is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.

It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
