Forfjord was the home of Hans Jørgen Furfjord (also known as Hans Jørgensen, Hans Jørnsa), who led the first expedition to stay the winter on Svalbard, to hunt for silver foxes, walruses, seals and polar bears. Skins (from silver foxes in particular), salted meat and animal oils were precious commodities at the time. Items from his expeditions are stored in museums in Tromsø and on Svalbard and he wrote diaries so far only available in Norwegian. Among weather descriptions and catch reports, they contain well-written stories of adventurous European monarchs visiting, him being imprisoned by British soldiers for not supplying them for free, nearly freezing to death and barely surviving polar bear encounters. He died of old age at home in Forfjord, and left behind his wife Elise and 15 children, several of which later emigrated to USA.
Terry J. Thompson
<doc id="34028505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34028505" title="Erich Eisenblätter">



OTHER PROGRAMS & PARTNERSHIPS
AUTHORITY index=0.3284


and includes contributory factors and findings to safety risks.
Pattakkathi Bhairavan
The model has just one state variable; in contrast, the Hodgkin–Huxley model consists of four state variables and the Morris–Lecar model is defined by two state variables. The single state variable of the theta model, and the elegantly simple equations that govern its behavior allow for analytic, or closed-form solutions (including an explicit expression for the phase response curve). The dynamics of the model take place on the unit circle, and are governed by two cosine functions and a real-valued input function.
The Ibanez EDR/EXR or Ergodyne series is a line of discontinued solid body electric guitar models manufactured by the Japanese guitar manufacturer Ibanez. Introduced in 1997 the line was notable for the unconventional Luthite bodies used rather than the usual wooden bodies. The Ergodyne series was ultimately discontinued in 2006.
He was born at Pless, Prussian Silesia, and studied under Leopold Kupelwieser at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna, where, in 1845, he obtained the grand prize and the imperial stipend attached to it. In 1854 he was appointed director of the Prague Academy; in 1865, professor at the Vienna Academy; in 1871, director of the Belvedere Gallery, and in 1874 rector of the Academy. He was made commander of the order of Francis Joseph 1867.
Following his return, Napier along with backcourt teammate Ryan Boatright both rose to the national spotlight as they were highlighted as one of the nation's best backcourts, as the two averaged a combined 33 points and 9 assists per game, outplaying nearly every opponents' backcourt they played. Napier also scored his 1000th career point in a game against DePaul. Napier excelled in overtime play, scoring 55 points in 45 minutes of overtime play, as he led them to a school record 5 overtime wins. Napier averaged 17.1 points, 4.6 assists, 4.4 rebounds, and 2.0 steals a game. 
Eye movements are important behaviors for locating and tracking objects in the visual world. Two of the major types of eye movements are saccades and smooth pursuit. Saccades are very rapid and precise eye movements between two positions, and are important in establishing fixation. Smooth pursuit on the other hand, allows the viewer to track a moving object along its trajectory within the visual field. Deficits in eye movement behavior among patients with schizophrenia have been reported since the beginning of the 20th century. Genetic factors are believed to be involved in these abnormalities, as unaffected relatives of schizophrenia patients show similar dysfunction. Specifically, saccade abnormalities have been observed in this disorder, with patients showing changes in saccade rate, amplitude and accuracy. Such deficits have been linked to medication with lithium, as well as damage in frontal lobe regions.
According to tradition, the sixth and last ancestral founder, Huineng (惠能; 638–713), was one of the giants of Chán history, and all surviving schools regard him as their ancestor. The dramatic story of Huineng's life tells that there was a controversy over his claim to the title of patriarch. After being chosen by Hongren, the fifth ancestral founder, Huineng had to flee by night to Nanhua Temple in the south to avoid the wrath of Hongren's jealous senior disciples.

In mathematics, the notion of externology in a topological space "X" generalizes the basic properties of the family

