In September 1862 Stokoe joined the staff of the newly founded Clifton College in Bristol, becoming the first schoolmaster recorded in the school register. He left Clifton in 1863, having served for a year as second master, the equivalent of deputy headmaster.
""Ah, Life"" / ""Don't Even Know Her Name"" / ""I'm Coming Over"" / ""Luxury""
<doc id="30677262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30677262" title="Jiří Veselý">

She was named after the townland in which the village of Rostrevor is located in County Down, Northern Ireland.
Western Rhaetian Alps
In 1962 he developed, jointly with Dr. Schaffner in the Philippines, a pasteurization process against Salmonella infections in coconuts, which subsequently was approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is presently used. After returning to Sweden, he continued his studies on secondary metabolism.
The Bolivian National Congress 1960–1962 was elected on 5 June 1960.
The Fighting Coward
Wolfenstein 1-D is a demake of the video game "Wolfenstein 3D" created by Mike Lacher that features the game in a minimalist one-dimensional style. It features the same character, B.J. Blazkowicz, and plot from the 1992 video game, but in a single line of pixels, where different colored pixels denote doors, enemies, ammo, health, and fired bullets. The game received overall positive reviews, along with comments about whether it was meant to be taken as a critique on modern 3D gaming.
Controversy.
From the United States:
Torkom Koushagian of Jerusalem

Denisa Legac
The Conservative election success was put down to a combination of a rejection of the pact between the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties, anger at plans to charge people for parking outside their homes and the national issue of the abolition of the 10p rate of income tax. The results were also seen as indications for the next general election, with projections that the Conservatives could gain Southampton Test and Southampton Itchen constituencies from Labour on swings of 15.9% and 18.9% respectively, based on the local election results.
He died on 17 February 1902 in Westminster.
Visualism.
<doc id="30692320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30692320" title="Evagrius of Antioch">
The airport.
The BitTorrent protocol has also been extended to exchange node UDP port numbers between peers that are introduced by a tracker. In this way, clients can get their routing tables seeded automatically through the download of regular torrents. Newly installed clients who attempt to download a trackerless torrent on the first try will not have any nodes in their routing table and will need the contacts included in the torrent file.
Simian (software)
<doc id="30696233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30696233" title="2011 McDonald's Burnie International – Women's Doubles">
The House of Wisdom library (at Baghdad).
Books that reference some of "Jesse" Ramey's work and may contain minor details about his life:
The ECU sends out a regulated reference voltage (typically 9 volts) to the coolant temperature sensor. The voltage drop across the sensor will change according to the temperature because its resistance changes. The ECU is then able to calculate the temperature of the engine, and then (with inputs from other engine sensors) uses lookup tables to carry out adjustments to the engine actuators, i.e. change the fuel injection or ignition timing.
Husband - Rohit Datta,
1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up until the 1976–77 season.
The Seminary was started in the year 1982.
