Kenny de Schepper was the defending champion, but lost to Nicolas Mahut in the final 6-3, 7-6(7-3).
Some of the buildings of that period have inscriptions from the 1700s. Today they are some distance from the water.
Premise.
Since 2010, Whitton's music has been used in various feature films, television programs and commercials. In 2012, "I Fell In Love" (from "Whitton EP") was used in a national Valentine's commercial as part of the "Crazy, Cupid, Love" promotional campaign for The CW's teen television series Gossip Girl. The same track is used by Swedish home shopping and e-commerce company Ellos, as well as by Delta Air Lines' in-flight entertainment, Munchkin Inc., a designer and manufacturer of infant and toddler products, and placement in MTV's reality-based, docudrama television series . The song "All I Want to Do" (from "Rare Bird") was used in the comedy film "She Wants Me" with Hilary Duff and Charlie Sheen. "Monster" was used in the indie horror flick "Among Friends." And a section of non-album track "Mercy" was featured in the independent romantic comedy film "Exit Strategy" with Big Boy and Kevin Hart. Additionally, Whitton was a guest vocalist on Showtime's drama series Dexter.
Bernard van Cutsem (1916–1975) was an English horsebreeder and racehorse trainer.
The brigade's War Diary records that a week before the Battle of the Coral Sea of 4–7 May 1942, it was ordered on 29 April to move from Tomago near Newcastle to Greta in preparation for embarkation to Port Moresby, New Guinea. The Battle of the Coral Sea saw the Japanese suffer a heavy naval defeat, which forced them to refocus their efforts on securing Port Moresby by an overland attack across the Owen Stanley Range along the Kokoda Track from beachheads in the Buna–Gona–Sanananda area of north-east Papua New Guinea.
<doc id="40719037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40719037" title="Fisherman Island">
"Lost Girl" is the second episode of the third season of the American fantasy drama series "Once Upon a Time", and the show's 46th episode overall. It was first broadcast on October 6, 2013. This episode features the core characters continuing to search for Henry (Jared S. Gilmore).
Together with Miguel A. F. Sanjuán (Rey Juan Carlos University , Spain) he was the editor of the book Recent Progress In Controlling Chaos. 
<doc id="40722538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40722538" title="Longs Chapel">
Guam had undergone change after three centuries of colonialism. While men dominated the political sphere, women became active participants in organizations that are socially, religiously, and culturally oriented. Roman Catholicism also brought change in Guam. One of them is the rendering of "higher status" to the role of men in government, business and church while to women were delegated roles that are related to controlling resources of the family. After the recent half century, some women of Guam experienced being elected as political officials and as leaders in many civic and governmental organizations.
During May 1864, the Fighting 9th Massachusetts Regiment fought in the Wilderness Campaign.
Excavations were conducted by staff from the University of Michigan in 1927 and from Michigan State University in 1965.



Poninskiøyra
Dan Warner


Finkin graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, then with an LL.B. from New York University, an LL.M. from Yale University. He worked at the Southern Methodist University from 1976 to 1988, before moving to the University of Illinois in 1988.

