There were two color schemes of the Ζ Plus A1. The main color scheme was a neutral light gray and blue, however there was also a unit which featured a rusty orange and white color scheme and an "A" emblem on its left shoulder, the personal insignia of Amuro Ray. This orange Ζ Plus A1 was rumored to have been piloted by ace pilot Amuro Ray. It was never confirmed whether Amuro Ray actually test-piloted the Ζ Plus A1, and the rumor may have just been a marketing scheme concocted by Anaheim Electronics to get the Federation more interested in the unit to drum up sales and used by the anti-federation forces Karaba as a training unit as to improve moral of the pilots. While this period of the Universal Century is very vague and enthusiastically explored by fans, it is known for certain now that Amuro piloted a model of the Ζ Gundam during the Gryps Conflict and first Neo Zeon movement. This suit however, was the MSZ-006-3, a suit much closer related to the original Ζ than the Ζ Plus line (it was the rumoured 'Zeta Gundam Unit 3', with the only difference is its colour scheme).
After taking his seat in the Senate in June 1999 he was appointed to committees on Labour, Women Affairs, Agriculture, Information and Social Development & Sports.

Decorations and honors.



The Nuestra Belleza Mundo México title was won by Yessica Salazar from Jalisco, who later competed in Miss World 1996 where she was a semifinalist in the Top 10.Yessica was also awarded the title of Miss Spectacular Beach WearSalazar was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Mundo México titleholder Alejandra Quintero. She is the first and only Jalisciense to win this Title.
Wordekemper was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 46th round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft. On July 9, 2005, he signed with the Yankees. Wordekemper began his professional career that season with the rookie-level GCL Yankees. In nine games in the Gulf Coast League, he went 2–0 with a 2.12 earned run average (ERA) in two starts and seven relief appearances. Wordekemper was then promoted to the Class-A Short Season Staten Island Yankees to finish out the 2005 season. With Staten Island, Wordekemper went 0–2 with a 4.50 ERA in two games, both starts. In 2006, Wordekemper started the season with the Class-A Charleston RiverDogs of the South Atlantic League. He went 4–3 with a 1.81 ERA, seven saves, and 69 strikeouts in 39 games, four starts. Wordekemper was first on the RiverDogs' pitching staff in games pitched; and was second in games finished (20), and saves. Late into the 2006 season, Wordekemper was promoted to the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. He pitched one game for the Clippers and gave-up no runs in two innings pitched. 
