The Black Death of 1349–51 was a contributing factor to the decline of the Norwegian monarchy as the noble families and population in general were gravely affected. But the most devastating factor for the nobility and the monarchy in Norway was the steep decline in income from their holdings. Many farms were deserted and rents and taxes suffered. This left the Norwegian monarchy weakened in terms of manpower, noble support, defence ability and economic power.
Once the loop is determined to be vectorizable, the loop is stripmined by the vector length and each scalar instruction within the loop body is replaced with the corresponding vector instruction. Below, the component transformations for this step are shown using the above example.
Early life and career.
4. Fuck the President<br>
Dan Spitz was the lead guitarist and occasionally backing vocalist of the thrash metal band Anthrax from 1983–1995, appearing on albums Fistful of Metal, Armed and Dangerous, Spreading the Disease, Among the Living, State of Euphoria, Persistence of Time and Sound of White Noise. Spitz was also in the band from 2005 to 2007 during the reunion of the Among the Living line-up.
His career came to a halt in 1947, when he was summoned before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC). He refused to deny or confirm involvement in the Communist Party USA, and in 1950, he became one of the Hollywood Ten when he was imprisoned and blacklisted. After his release from prison, he worked at the hungry i nightclub in San Francisco, running the lights and sound board and frequently introducing performers. Bessie left the Communist Party in the 1950s.

The Gospel of Perfection is also briefly discussed in the Gospel of the Infancy where, after a "lengthy account of the miracles performed by Christ while a child in Egypt", it states,
Born in Newton Abbot, Devon, Matcham was apprenticed to the architect, George Sondon Bridgeman, before moving to London where he joined the architectural practice of Jethro Robinson, who was at that time consulting theatre architect to the Lord Chamberlain's office. He completed his first solo design of the Elephant and Castle theatre which opened in June 1879. Between 1890 and 1915, Matcham helped train, Bertie Crewe and W.G.R. Sprague, and all three were responsible for the design and construction of over 200 theatres and variety palaces in the United Kingdom. 
Track listing.
In 2012, his concert television special "Jesse Cook, Live in Concert" was broadcast on the PBS and Public Television networks in the United States.
First round.
Salt was once one of the major sources of revenue for China. To give an idea of how much money was generated from salt in China - after the fall of the last emperor, the Republic of China under Sun Yat-sen secured loans based upon the revenues of the Chinese Salt Administration (the government agency in charge of taxation on salt). The chief inspector of that administration stated "The best salt in China is produced from the salt wells of Sichuan". The best salt wells in Sichuan are in Zigong.
Some breeders seek the surgery in order to limit or diminish noise levels for personal reasons ranging from convenience to prevention; some breeders even seek the surgery for puppies prior to going to new homes.
Booragoon is a suburb of Perth, Western Australia located within the City of Melville.
In February 2009, the guerrilla released 6 hostages as a humanitarian gesture. In March, they released Swedish hostage Erik Roland Larsson. 
In the fall of 2009, Meissner moved back to Maryland. Chris Conte became her coach and also choreographed ice show programs for her. Meissner had been assigned to the 2009 Rostelecom Cup and the 2009 NHK Trophy for the Grand Prix season. She announced her withdrawal from both events on October 8, 2009 due to an injury to her right knee. Due to this, she did not receive a bye to the 2010 U.S. Championships and was too late to register to compete at the regional championships, thereby ending her season.
Western Highlands Province
Location.
Guestteachers include a.o. Brigitte Martin, Fernando Hernando Magadan, Karyn Benquet, Valentina Scaglia Charlotte Chapellier, Igone de Jongh and Tamás Nagy. Monique Sand, Lisa Drake, Lee Proud and Maia Makhateli 
Main characters:
Name.
Taiji Fist.
He continued to play in his home town and recorded his album "You Leave Me Breathless!" in 1995.
<doc id="1859481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859481" title="Lothar Collatz">
Recovering signals at low signal-to-noise ratios requires a strong, clean reference signal the same frequency as the received signal. This is not the case in many experiments, so the instrument can recover signals buried in the noise only in a limited set of circumstances.



Stephen Carlos "Steve" Lemme (born November 13, 1968) is an American actor, writer, and producer, and one of the members of the Broken Lizard comedy group. He attended The Dalton School, a high school in New York, but after one year transferred to Fountain Valley School in Colorado, graduating in 1987. He attended Colgate University and was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Before leaving Colgate, he was part of Charred Goosebeak, a comedy troupe with the future Lizards. He has Argentine ancestry as his father is originally from Argentina.
Community.
Beginnings.
In addition, the motion gear rings and the upper drive wheel both had 600 teeth, which by Su's mathematical precision carefully calculated measured units of the day in a division of 1/600. These gears having 600 teeth would thus ensure the division the day into basic unit measurements of 2 minutes and 24 seconds.
In the United States, driver's licenses are issued by the states, not by the federal government. Additionally, because the United States has no national identification card and because of the widespread use of cars, driver's licenses have been used as a "de facto" standard form of identification within the country. For non-drivers, states also issue voluntary identification cards which do not grant driving privileges. Prior to the REAL ID Act, each state set its own rules and criteria regarding the issuance of a driver's license or identification card, including the look of the card, what data is on the card, what documents must be provided to obtain one, and what information is stored in each state's database of licensed drivers and identification card holders.
In the April 2013 online voting event of "Singapore eAwards", Aw beat Fann Wong and the long time winner Rui En in winning the "Most Popular Local TV Artiste Award", which again marks the high status she stands in the local entertainment industry.
