<doc id="9522403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9522403" title="R502 road (Ireland)">
The island itself was named Piercy Island by Captain Cook in honour of one of the Lords of the Admiralty – it is called Motu Kōkako in the Māori language.
David Spencer, University of Western Ontario—Editor, Book Reviews<br>
The 3rd Battalion, 395th was positioned near the joint towns of Höfen and Monschau. From 0525 to 0530, the battalion's positions "in and around Höfen received a heavy barrage of artillery and rockets covering our entire front line." The enemy fire cut all land-line communication channels between the front-line units and headquarters. Only some radio communications between front line and the heavy weapons company remained intact.

Amateur career.
Miller's relations with the provincial government of Dalton McGuinty have generally been cordial, although the two governments have had disputes over finances. Miller argues that the former provincial government of Mike Harris burdened the city with disproportionately high service costs, and has asked the provincial government to re-assume responsibility for some of these programs. As of 2007, Toronto pays $730 million for services that were provincial responsibilities before Harris came to power (Harris stated that the downloads were necessary to reduce the provincial deficit, and to compensate for reduced transfer payments from the federal government of Jean Chrétien). McGuinty has shown some sympathy to Toronto's position, but has also argued that the city has not taken sufficient responsibility for its own budgetary shortfalls.
It is made up of the three smaller settlements of Saint-Hilaire, Les Margains and Les Gaudes, and its inhabitants are called the "Saint-Hilairois (Saint-Hilairoises)".
The Decade of Property Growth: 1969-1978.
Ginger is an album released by Speedy J in 1993, as part of Warp's Artificial Intelligence series. It is the sixth release in the series. "De-Orbit" also appears on the "Artificial Intelligence" compilation. 

b. All firearms produced before January 1, 1870
Donald Sharp "Don" Fredrickson (August 8, 1924 - June 7, 2002) was an American medical researcher, principally of the lipid and cholesterol metabolism, and director of National Institutes of Health and subsequently the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
16 laps ()
The Cape warthog ("Phacochoerus aethiopicus aethiopicus") is an extinct pig that had originally resided in South Africa. The Cape warthog is quite distinguishable from other hogs, yet it has similar properties to that of a desert warthog. Some common differences between the Cape warthog and the extant warthog, "P. africanus", include: 
In November 1935, he submitted the article "Monarhie cu camarilă sau republică" to the newspaper "Universul". The article, highly critical of King Carol II, was censored, and Gerota was arrested and sent to Malmaison prison in Bucharest. After protests by medical students, he was liberated four days later. He was arrested again in 1936, and sent to Jilava prison. Set free, he died in 1939 in Bucharest.
