The so-called "manual-means-of-execution", the Ustaše's favorites, were executions that took part in utilizing sharp or blunt craftsmen tools: knives, saws, hammers, etc. The preferred manual-weapon of many Ustaše guards was the Srbosjek (or "Serbcutter"). This knife was originally a type of agricultural knife manufactured for wheat sheaf cutting. The upper part of the knife was made of leather, as a sort of a glove, designed to be worn with the thumb going through the hole, so that only the blade protruded from the hand. It was a curved, 12 cm long knife with the edge on its concave side. The knife was fastened to a bowed oval copper plate, while the plate was fastened to a thick leather bangle. 
Soon, construction of a plant on Castro Street in Oakland began. This became known as the Pacific Seventh-day Adventist Publishing Association. Equipment installed included a four-roller airspring drum cylinder press powered by an upright donkey engine, a paper cutter, a book trimmer, and some new type. Soon the Signs of the Times circulation had passed 4,000.
Moreover, Lord Guest followed the reasoning given by Lord Ordinary that it was reasonable to anticipate the danger that might arise due to meddling of Post Office equipments by children and their entrance into the shelter. Where he held that, “... the normal dangers of such children falling into the manhole or being in some way injured by a lamp, particularly if it fell or broke, were such that a reasonable man would not have ignored them.”
In 2002, a wrap-around porch was added to the canteen and the following year, the interior was renovated, adding wood paneling throughout the perimeter of the building. Two new boys and girls bunks were also added added due to the increasing camp enrollment, allowing for more space in the latter bunks. In the early part of the decade, the main and secondary roads that lined the campus were paved, followed by the addition of new foot paths in 2006.
This was one of the most contentious incidents in South Australian legal history. At the time, Aboriginals in South Australia were considered British subjects, and therefore deemed to be under the protection of British law. Gawler's ordering of a drumhead court-martial and the executions was not well received by the London authorities and contributed to his removal as Governor.
The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, as the Oregon Electric Railway Passenger Station, in 1979.
