
Mike Pougounas and George Kagialedakis conceptualized “"Back In Black: History Is Made By The Bands, Vol.1"”, a documentary film produced by Rag Films about the Greek rock scene, Greek rock bands, and the survival of both within a seemingly under-appreciative industry. The documentary is currently touring the international film festival circuit, with a possible theatrical release scheduled for late 2009. Mike Pougounas was responsible for the interviews in “Back in Black” as well as the male vocals for the Rag songs “My Life” and “Rock’n’Roll Puppet” while playing the keyboards on the song “From Hell”, which appears on the soundtrack of the documentary.
External links.
As a follower of Mahatma Gandhi, Chorghade participated in India's struggle for freedom from the British Raj. 
He died on 21 February 1835, the day of his release from prison, in the guardhouse of Leonardou in Nafplio, from the wounds and hardships of war, and was buried in the old city cemetery.
Haplochrois is a genus of moth in the family Elachistidae, though some classifications place it in the Agonoxenidae, Coleophoridae or Cosmopterigidae.
<doc id="23660943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23660943" title="CE-ATA">
Chidlowia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae. It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae.

 
The maximum period of detention is 12 months. The order can also be made by the District Magistrate or a Commissioner of Police under their respective jurisdictions, but the detention should be reported to the State Government along with the grounds on which the order has been made. No such order shall remain in force for more than twelve days unless approved by the State Government.
Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation (LBC) : launched in 1980 as a national, educational, cultural and non-commercial television.
<doc id="23663316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23663316" title="Gymnosperma glutinosum">
On the way to Matějovice we pass the Kašnice settlement which is a very interesting place. It was found at the end of 18th century and abandoned just after 1945 in connection with the transfer of Germans. Nowadays, there are only two houses and overgrown gardens left from the former settlement which makes it an intereresting mysterious experience to walk or ride a bicycle there.
North America.
Frank Berghuis (born 2 May 1967 in Vierhouten, Gelderland) is a Dutch former international footballer who played professionally as a left winger in the Netherlands, Turkey, and Belgium, making over 300 career league appearances.
The Akron City Council in 1964 enacted a fair housing ordinance premised on a recognition of the social and economic losses to society which flow from substandard, ghetto housing and its tendency to breed discrimination and segregation contrary to the policy of the city to "assure equal opportunity to all persons to live in decent housing facilities regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry or national origin." Akron Ordinance No. 873-1964 § 1. A Commission on Equal Opportunity in Housing was established by the ordinance in the office of the Mayor to enforce the antidiscrimination sections of the ordinance through conciliation or persuasion if possible, but, if not, then through "such order as the facts warrant," based upon a hearing at which witnesses may be subpoenaed, and entitled to enforcement in the courts. Akron Ordinance No. 873-1964, as amended by Akron Ordinance No. 926-1964.
The court held that the lower court's determination was not clearly erroneous. The court held that there was sufficient evidence to support a finding that the African-American citizens had been invidiously excluded from the political process by the county's system of elections. The court found that the sheer geographic size of the county made it difficult for the African-American citizens to get to polling places or to campaign for office. The court held that the elections system submerged the will of the African-American citizens and thus denied their access to the system. The court found that the requirement that candidates run for specific seats enhanced the African-American citizens' lack of access because it prevented a cohesive political group from concentrating on a single candidate.
The police strive to catch a masked serial killer who focuses on women.

