Line-up changes.
Late in 1976, another fellow student, Andrew "Greedy" Smith made guest appearances with the band on harmonica whilst still a member of another band, and by year's end Smith had joined full-time and he also played keyboards. Coburn left the fledgling band in 1977 and Mombassa's younger brother Peter "Yoga Dog" O'Doherty joined on bass guitar completing the "classic" line-up. The first performance of the new line-up was at Sydney's Cell Block Theatre on 17 August, the day news broke in Australia of the death of Elvis Presley. They played numerous Elvis covers and two original songs, together with their usual set of Blues, Rockabilly, Country and 1960s covers including Roy Orbison and The Monkees. The band built up a live following in Sydney with their residencies at the Unicorn Hotel in inner-city Paddington on Mondays and the Civic Hotel in the CBD on Thursdays. At the Unicorn Hotel, their stage was on top of the pool table to free up floor space.
PJ DeCicco has also moved on playing in Love Automatic with former Senses Fail bassist Mike Glita.
The election was the first time, that an SPD-PDS-coalition ("red-red") had to stand a test at the polls. It was held at the same day as the Bundestag election 2002 and the campaigns of the state parties were highly influenced by the issues of the federal politics.
Private class data is a design pattern in computer programming used to encapsulate class attributes and their manipulation.
On September 6, 1986, the 19th WACL General Conference was held in Luxembourg with the attendance of 102 participants representing countries, international organizations, and observer units. The Conference approved membership applications that Finland, Estonia, and “Irish World Freedom Association” as state member units while the World Youth Freedom League and the North European Veteran Association as international organization units.
The Band visited Brisbane again in October, 2000 to participate in the Brisbane Festival 2000 international Military tattoo.
