Flow.
Races.
Glecia Bear or Nêhiyaw (April 29, 1912 in Green Lake, Saskatchewan – September 1998, Flying Dust First Nation) was a Saskatchewan-born Cree Elder, traditional tale teller and a children’s writer with Freda Ahenakew from Canada.
<doc id="13234086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13234086" title="Oliver Twist (character)">
The range is not to be confused with the Salt River Range, which runs closely parallel to the Wyoming Range on its western side. The two ranges are separated by Grey's River.

VP was featured in a spread in Spain's largest magazine, "El País Magazine" (12/11/09).
He then signed for played for Ayr United, before moving onto Partick Thistle and Airdrie United before signing with Greenock Morton in 2010.
In 1862 Fairbank dug a successful oil well on land in Enniskillen, Ontario Township that he bought from James Miller Williams for ten dollars. Still operating today, Fairbank Oil Properties Ltd. is the oldest oil company in the world and the original property is included in the First Commercial Oil Field National Historic Site of Canada.
John Barrett (clergyman)
Haskell "B.B." Watson (July 10, 1953 – September 28, 2013) was an American country music artist. He released two studio albums, and charted three singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, of which the highest-peaking was the No. 23-peaking "Light at the End of the Tunnel" in 1991. Watson released a second album, "Delta Dream", ten years later on the independent Oarfin label.
~ HJR0086 – General Assembly, Confirmation of Appointment – Jeanette Rudy, Wildlife Resources Commission.
The band consists of Ari "Paska" Peltonen, a radio show host and writer. His show used to air on one of YLE's Finnish national radio channels, where his controversial punchlines and perverted humour was deemed inappropriate, leading to his swift dismissal. Now he is working at Radio Helsinki.
Draper lives in Washington, D.C. 
Proposals.
<doc id="13242969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13242969" title="Underground resistance">
Baupin is often characterized by those who do not share his vision to be “anti-car”; but his position is more nuanced than that. Thus, as an example, the city’s policy on parking is one that carefully favors people living in the city who need to have access to their cars, while in parallel pushing the development of carsharing in the city as a way to provide access to cars without the high costs that “own-cars” otherwise impose on cities. He also has expressed strong reserves about proposals for congestion pricing, on the grounds of efficiency and social equity.
Legacy GUI bindings are Qt (SoQt), Win32 API (SoWin) and Motif (SoXt) are also maintained.

Military career.
Laura Cavendish, Countess of Burlington
