
On September 28, eight days before the primary, Brown was seriously injured in an accident on the Minden High School sports field. He was carrying the football chain markers and was knocked into a bench. He lay in a coma for a week and spent thirty-seven days in intensive care at the Schumpert Medical Center in Shreveport. A traumatic brain injury deprived him of his long-term memory, balance and motor functions on his left side, and his once articulate speech. He spent six months in rehabilitation.
SH-128 was first added to the state highway system circa 1956. It has been realigned once, to better match up with roads across the Arkansas line.

The Sharps Island Light is the third lighthouse to stand nearly 3 miles (5 km) south-southwest from the southern end of Tilghman Island in Maryland's Chesapeake Bay. The structure is best known today for evoking the Leaning Tower of Pisa, a condition caused by an ice floe in 1977.

Story.
Volvo F10, F12, and F16
In a popular 1950s CBS sitcom, "December Bride", starring Spring Byington, Pete Porter (Harry Morgan) was the next-door neighbor who spent most of his time complaining about his scatterbrained wife Gladys, who was unseen to viewers. In this spin-off series, Gladys emerges as the redhaired comedienne Cara Williams. Pete is an insurance salesman, and the happy couple resides in Westwood, California.
Equilink.


Tanya Dziahileva signed with the IMG agency in 2004. Tanya debuted in September 2005, during the Paris Fashion Week and Milan Fashion Week where she walked the catwalks for Prada, Alexander McQueen, Chanel, and Chloé.
<doc id="8879858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8879858" title="Classid Trax">
Philippine became a popular and beloved figure through her charity and willingness to help others, particularly the common people of Tyrol. Even the nobility brought their petitions to the former commoner. As signs of affection, people addressed their written petitions to "Merciful Miss" or "serene Princess Mrs. Philippine of Austria". After Ferdinand's death in 1595, the second son of Ferdinand and Philippine, Margrave Charles of Burgau, inherited Ambras Castle. With little interest in the castle, and never having used it as a residence, Charles sold it in 1606 to Emperor Rudolf II.
Second letter: Heater or filament current
The album is also known as "Live at Carnegie Hall" and "Live : Recorded at Margie's Birthday party".
Samurai Reincarnation
In 1995, HM-15 was awarded the Chief of Naval Operations Safety Award and a Meritorious Unit Commendation.
Production.
<doc id="8884734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8884734" title="Strange House">
Today, Tribal Fusion is a rapidly growing and evolving dance form. Some feel it is moving away from its American Tribal Style Belly Dance Roots, and some newer Tribal Fusion Dancers have never studied American Tribal Style Belly Dance. For the founders of the form, however, the connection with American Tribal Style Belly Dance is what makes it considered "Tribal Fusion Belly Dance," rather than simply "Fusion Belly Dance."
Side 1:
<doc id="8886432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8886432" title="Constant-force spring">
Macau has 50 km of paved highways (estradas) in areas that permit wide roadways. Most of the roads in Macau and parts of Taipa are narrow side streets. Highways in Macau are semi controlled access roadways and the maximum speed is 80 km/hr.
The new king, considered to be a man of considerable culture, devoted his entire attention to the furtherance of the national religion Buddhism despite being a Hindu. He is said to have caused life sized images of Buddha in recumbent, standing and sitting postures to be cut in the rock caves in various parts of the country. His reign also marked several conflicts with the Dutch who were ruling the coastal provinces, based on trading issues. Sri Vijaya Rajasinha destroyed the churches and initiated a persecution against the Portuguese and Dutch, which was continued under Kirti Sri Rajasinha. It ceased only because the king considered that certain calamities which fell upon the country were due to his action.
The first classes were held in September 1900. With the advent of women's suffrage in 1920 through the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment, the school’s female enrollment numbers began to increase. In 1945 Walter Rasmussen retired and named Walter Nemitz to succeed him as director of the college. Nemitz had been already with the college since 1934 and as director instituted a number of curriculum upgrades. By 1950, over 22,400 students had graduated from the school.
Jidéhem

<doc id="8890586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8890586" title="Menengai">
One of the original forest outlaws, Royston White is introduced at the end of the first episode as part of Little John's band, portrayed by William Beck. Little John and Roy originally dislike the others, but, after persuasion, accept Robin's leadership. 
Leonid Ieronimovich Turkevich was ordained to the priesthood in 1905, and succeeded his father as parish priest of Kremenetz. He was transferred, along with his family, to the United States in October 1906 and became the rector of the newly established Orthodox seminary (St. Platon's) in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Fr. Leonid represented the American diocese of the Russian Church at the All-Russian Church Council of 1917-1918 in Moscow, Russia. 

"Note: The Finish, Wins, Losses, and Ties columns list regular season results and exclude any postseason play."
In the run-up to deregulation, London Country Bus Services was broken into four smaller companies on 7 September 1986. The South West division contained 415 buses.


James Primrose is the tenth and last known Laird of Burnbrae. He was born about 1746 to John Primrose and Janet Primrose. He was also known by the title "esquire". James married Jane Lawrie about 1784 and died November 1827; his wife died April 1832.
The position was created in 2002. The minister given certain responsibilities from the Ministry of Industry, Economic Development and Mines in September 2006, and renamed as the Ministry of Science, Technology, Energy and Mines.
Lost witches
John H. McDonald Journalism Foundation
W. Schyler (Sky) Stevenson, Project Manager and operating system implementer
The Beyoncé Experience
