“… I believe that the best and freely developing social forms of culture can unite creative constructive forces and improve a social life, thereby help the state to maintain high ideals of humanism and peacefulness in the people. …”
Violence against foreign brides in South Korea.
The primary species, "Viridomys orbatus", is known from fossils found in Campanian (Upper Cretaceous)-aged strata of the Upper Milk River Formation in Alberta, Canada. Possible remains have also been found in Dogie Mountain, Texas (USA). The Texas site is believed to be Paleocene in age.
Personnel.
The same effluvial deposition of bentonite clay onto beaches accounts for the variety of plasticity of sand from place to place for building sand castles. Beach sand consisting of only silica and shell grains does not mold well compared to grains coated with bentonite clay. This is why some beaches are much better for building sand castles than others.
Companies.
In 1923, Petrie was knighted for services to British archaeology and Egyptology. The focus of Petrie’s work shifted permanently to Palestine in 1926 (although he did become interested in early Egypt, in 1928 digging a cemetery at Luxor that proved so huge that he devised an entirely new excavation system, including comparison charts for finds, which is still used today). He began excavating several important sites in the south-west of Palestine, including Tell el-Jemmeh and Tell el-Ajjul.
After Kirnberger died in 1783, C.P.E. Bach became Breitkopfs's editor for these chorales, which he then published in four parts: 1784: nos. 1–96, 1785: nos. 97–194, 1786: 195–283, 1787: 283–370 (the number 283 was mistakenly used for two different chorales which became 283a and 283b; this numbering error was corrected from the 1831 dritte Auflage on). This publication went through four more editions and countless reprintings until 1897 (see above). Additionally, several other editions using the original C-clef or different texts were also published. The Bach Gesellschaft published the original 371 chorales from the C.P.E. Bach edition in volume 39 of their "Complete Works" in 1892. The most significant recent publication is Dr. Charles Sanford Terry's "J.S. Bach's Four-Part Chorales", Oxford University Press 1929 (reprinted 1964, with a foreword by Walter Emery), which contains 405 harmonised chorales and 95 melodies with figured bass. The most widely known collection is Albert Riemenschneider's "371" (1941).
One More Chance
There are usually two to four eggs in a clutch, all with a white base color that is consistently covered in brown and pale purple spots. The eggs hatch after an unusually short incubation period of only 10 to 11 days. Both sexes share a responsibility in the incubation of the eggs; the female sits on the nest for most of the daylight hours and throughout the night, while male incubates them during the middle part of the day. Unlike their close relatives, the African and masked finfoot, the sungrebe chicks are hatched with only sparse down and poorly-matured feet and bill. The chicks hatch naked, blind, and defenseless.[http://montereybay.com/creagrus/sungrebes.html]

Related concepts.
"The ______ from hell".
Competitive swimming wetsuits are made of the most expanded foam; they have to be very flexible to allow the swimmer unrestricted movement. The downside is that they are quite fragile.
<doc id="217609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=217609" title="Society of the Cincinnati">
Driver was born in London, the daughter of Gaynor Churchward (née Millington), a fabric designer and former couture model. Her father, Charles Ronald Driver, received the Distinguished Flying Medal for his role in the Battle of Heligoland Bight. and is the former director of London United Investments 
In 2003, both Joan and her brother John signed the "Not in My Name" resolution (along with people such as Noam Chomsky and Susan Sarandon) opposing the invasion of Iraq.
the Flag of Ireland (1848),
To others, Rote learning is considered a major role in the better learning of concepts, especially critics of math education reform, which include many mathematicians. 
US 41 terminates in the northern Keweenaw at the Michigan State Park housing Fort Wilkins. US 41 was the so-called "Military Trail" that started in Chicago in the 1900s and ended in the Keweenaw wilderness. The restored fort has numerous exhibits.
In Paul B. Hartzog's work, the term "panarchy" emerges at the intersection of three core concepts: 1) ecology and complex systems, 2) technology, and 3) politics. The "pan" of ecological thinking draws on the Greek-god Pan as a symbol for wild and unpredictable nature. The "pan" of technology refers to the Personal Area Network
Bred by Federico Tesio, who also bred Ribot, Nearco was sired by Pharos out of Nogara by Havresac II. Nogara was a good racemare and bred eight good winners from her eight foals, including Niccolo Dell'Arca and Nakamuro. He was inbred twice in the fourth generation and twice again in the fifth generation of his pedigree to St. Simon.
The adult female is mainly scalloped and mottled in light brown with a more uniformly grey-brown head, and its pointed tail is shorter than the male's; it is still easily identified by its shape, long neck, and long grey bill. In non-breeding (eclipse) plumage, the drake pintail looks similar to the female, but retains the male upperwing pattern and long grey shoulder feathers. Juvenile birds resemble the female, but are less neatly scalloped and have a duller brown speculum with a narrower trailing edge.
A UN report said, "the global drug trade generated an estimated US $321.6 billion in 2003." With a world GDP of US$36 trillion in the same year, the illegal drug trade may be estimated as nearly 1% of total global trade. Consumption of illegal drugs is widespread globally.
The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816.

On February 1, 1993, while serving as Commander in Chief, Allied Forces Southern Europe, Boorda assumed the additional duty as Commander, Joint Task Force Provide Promise, responsible for the supply of humanitarian relief to Bosnia-Herzegovina via air-land and air-drop missions, and for troops contributing to the UN mission throughout the Balkans.
Although Howe was not injured in the battle, it had a pronounced effect on his spirit. According to British historian George Otto Trevelyan, the battle "exercised a permanent and most potent influence" especially on Howe's behaviour, and that Howe's military skills thereafter "were apt to fail him at the very moment when they were especially wanted." Despite an outward appearance of confidence and popularity with his troops, the "genial six-footer with a face some people described as 'coarse'", privately often exhibited a lack of self-confidence, and in later campaigns became somewhat dependent on his older brother Richard (the admiral in the Royal Navy, also on station in the Colonies) for advice and approval.
In 2008, Officer Russell Mecano offered to not arrest a woman in exchange for sex, and offered cash to another woman in exchange for sex. He was convicted and sentenced to more than 8 years.
After Norfolk was released from prison in August 1570, Ridolfi “picked up the broken threads of Catholic intrigue”. Ridolfi was in an advantageous position to orchestrate a catholic rebellion in England, since he was employed by the Pope, France, and Spain, and had ties to the Catholic contingent in England. He could use banking as an excuse to travel between these groups for the purpose of conspiring. When he travelled to mainland Europe to inform King Phillip and the Pope of the plot, it was believe that he was still working for Elizabeth. 
All of this new approved legislation struck a blow at the heart of the Guatemalan oligarchy. But more importantly, it stripped the Spanish clergy of their privileges, and curtailed their power. According to historian Mary Wilhelmine Williams: "The immediate reasons for the different enactments varied. Some laws were intended to protect the state from the clergy ... others aimed to help the recoup the public treasure, and at the same time sweep away aristocratic privilege; while still other legislation – especially that of latter date – was enacted for the punishment of opposition to earlier acts and of intrigues against the government" when Francisco Morazán first came to power. Back then, the General had to expel from the country archbishop Ramon Casaus and certain members of the monastic orders, because they were under suspicion of opposing independence. They used their influence against him and the liberal party during the civil war. They also had opposed the reforms, particularly those in the interest of general education which the liberals were determined to push.
Bacteria.

