<doc id="29095905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29095905" title="Alan Spence">
Longfin grouper
Second round.
Catalonia, Spain. It is part of the Taula del Sénia free association of municipalities.

Mycena fonticola is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family. First reported in 2007, it is known only from central Honshu, in Japan, where it grows on dead leaves and twigs in low-elevation forests dominated by oak trees. The fruit body of the fungus has a smooth, violet-brown cap up to in diameter, and a slender stem up to long. Distinguishing microscopic characteristics of the mushroom include the relatively large, distinctly amyloid spores (turning blue to black when stained with Melzer's reagent), the smooth, spindle-shaped cheilocystidia (cystidia on the gill edge), the absence of pleurocystidia (cystidia on the gill face), the diverticulate hyphae of the cap cuticle, and the absence of clamp connections.

Group L in Nganjuk
William Ashburnham was the younger brother of John Ashburnham.
The file reveals that the translator of Hindustani, Persian and Arabic had joined the service in October 1939 and been dismissed from SIS in October 1942. It was reported that he had faked a burglary at his flat and been in serious trouble with the police. The Director General of MI5 Brigadier Sir David Petrie stated that the fact he was no longer in the service was: '...perhaps some small compensation for the amount of trouble to which his inventive mind has put us all. A fabricator, such as this man was, is a great public danger.'The then Chief of the Secret Intelligence Service, Sir Stewart Menzies wrote: 'I do not think it at all likely that we shall again have the bad luck to strike a man who combines a blameless record, first rate linguistic abilities, remarkable gifts as a writer of fiction, and no sense of responsibility in using them!'
With 150 billion base pairs of DNA per cell (a genome 50 times larger than that of a human), "Paris japonica" may possess the largest known genome of any living organism; the DNA from a single cell stretched out end-to-end would be longer than .
WNBL All-Star Five 2010/11 

In the 2014 Republican primary, Lucas won 83% of the vote. 12% went to Robert Hubbard; and 5% went to Timothy Ray Murray.
building designed by HOK San Francisco. This particular work was fabricated in collaboration with Derix Glass Studio and Lamberts Glas. The piece features tiles composed of handblown glass treated with vitreous enamels and laminated to mirror. The tiles are mounted to four walls in the lobby. 

<doc id="29120082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29120082" title="Chaenopsis ocellata">
European Esperanto Union
<doc id="29123943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29123943" title="Muscle Creek, New South Wales">
Draw.
Poojashree Venkatesha (; born 27 July 1990 in Mandya) is an Indian tennis player, primarily competing on the ITF Women's Circuit. She won a silver medal for her native country in the women's singles event at the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games.

Defendant in lawsuit by shareholders against directors of failed Feltex.


Function.

Liveries illustrated.
During the fighting, Apache attack helicopters and Air Force F-16 fighters were called in. The fighter jets dropped two 500-lb. bombs, but it seemed to no effect. After three days of clashes, the insurgent force managed to withdraw without suffering any casualties, while up to 33 members of the Iraqi security forces were killed or wounded and even two U.S. soldiers were also injured.
Thomas Welborn "Tom" Myers (born August 13, 1943) is a former American football quarterback who played for two seasons in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the fourth round of the 1965 NFL Draft, and the Denver Broncos in the twelfth round of the 1965 AFL Draft. He played for the Lions from 1965–1966. He played college football at Northwestern.
Stewart was elected and consecrated bishop in 1998 at the 33rd Quadrennial Session and 34th General Conference. He was assigned to the Fifth Episcopal District of Alabama and Florida. In 2002 he was assigned to the Third Episcopal District: Southeast Missouri, Illinois & Wisconsin Region, the Michigan-Indiana Region and the Kansas-Missouri Region of churches in ten Midwestern states.
In April 2010, they released their debut record, the Japanese EP "The...", which topped the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart. Their subsequent releases, including their global debut album, "The Beginning" (2010) and their second studio album and first Korean full-length album, "In Heaven" (2011), all debuted at number one on the Korean Gaon Album Chart.
Watts also represented Wiltshire in 2 List-A matches against Yorkshire in the 1987 NatWest Trophy and Essex in the 1988 NatWest Trophy. In his 2 List-A matches, he scored 10 runs at a batting average of 10.00, with a high score of 7*. With the ball he took a single wicket at a cost of 154 runs, with best figures of 1/57.
The round cella is the easternmost and most important part of the church, as it was where the liturgy was performed. The diameter of the rotunda is . It is accessed through three gates, all from the narthex. It was entirely covered by a dome. Twelve vaults, semicircular as seen from the inside and pentagonal on the outer wall, were constructed north and south of the rotunda's eastern part, the apse, which itself fits into one of the vaults. Large buttresses reinforce the structure both inside and outside. A circle of ten or twelve white marble columns was inscribed inside the rotunda, from the interior buttresses. The capitals of the columns are similar to those of the royal palace in Preslav. A copper-plated wooden coffin lay in a burial chamber by one of the vaults near the apse.
Electronic CDI

Larval food: "Adenia heterophylla"
The Bear Valley Electric Service Company (BVES), is the utility that provides electricity to the Big Bear valley in the San Bernardino Mountains, California, United States. It is a subsidiary of the American States Water Company.
Roughsey's passion for the preservation of Indigenous culture and traditions presented him with the opportunity to be appointed to the Aboriginal Advisory Committee for the Australia Council in 1970. In 1971 he wrote the first autobiography by an Aboriginal author. In 1973 Roughsey became the Chair of the Aboriginal Arts Board, continuing this role until 1975. He was also a member of the Institute of Aboriginal studies. 
1973.
Estonian Land Board
CSR activities.
