The single and the album also included a remix of the song by Gustavo Celis entitled "The Shaketon Mix", merging a reggaeton rhythm with the original rhythm of the song. A separate music video (also directed by Michael Haussman) was also made for this remix. This video also entered on "TRL"'s countdown. 
Hammer originally leased country houses in which to shoot films, until the company eventually purchased Down Place on the banks of the Thames near Bray. After using every room and angle in its films, it later enlarged the house into the Bray Studios of today. The last Hammer production made at Bray was "The Mummy's Shroud", which wrapped on 21 October 1966. Hammer sold the studio in November, 1970. Bray Studios continues to host television, film work and band rehearsals today. Bray Studios is now under threat of redevelopment into a residential area under the current owner of the studio who has claimed there is no call for the studio any more, despite having refused a number of applications by productions to use the facilities. A pressure group is currently trying to save the studio.
Ortiz signed a minor league contract with the San Francisco Giants on February 15, 2012. He also received an invitation to spring training, however he was released on March 26, 2012. Ortiz spent the 2012 season playing for the New York Yankees Triple-A affiliate Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees.
Randleman lost to Strikeforce newcomer Roger Gracie via a rear-naked choke in the second round of their Light Heavyweight bout on May 15, 2010 at . He lost 10 out of his last 13 fights. Following the loss to Russian black belt judoka, Baga Agaev with Agaev submitting Randleman with a modified armbar and dislocating his elbow, Randleman had decided to retire.
The Sutros lived for a time in Paris; among the friends they made there was Maurice Maeterlinck, with whom Sutro established a lifelong friendship. Sutro undertook to translate Maeterlinck's works into English, and it was his versions of "The Treasure of the Humble" (1897), "Wisdom and Destiny" (1898) and "The Life of the Bee" (1901) that introduced Maeterlinck to anglophone readers. Sutro's other Maeterlinck translations, some made jointly with his friend Alexander Teixeira de Mattos, include "Aglavaine and Selysette", "Joyzelle", "The Life of the White Ant", "The Buried Temple", "Monna Vanna", "The Death of Tintagiles", and "The Magic of the Stars".
The grounds have recently been re-developed with a series of new gardens, including a refurbished traditional flower garden in keeping with the original arts and crafts backbone of vistas and hedges.
<doc id="2496204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2496204" title="Confessionalism (religion)">
Surnames from Philippine place names were also given by Spaniards, and these include "Bacolod", "Basilan", and "Davao".

History.
Some conditions, especially chronic diseases such as diabetes mellitus, are supposed to be routinely managed with frequent laboratory measurements. Since many laboratory results, at least in Europe and the US, are automatically processed by computerized laboratory information systems, the results are relatively easy to inexpensively collate in special purpose databases or disease registries. Unlike most syndromic surveillance systems, in which each record is assumed to be independent of the others, laboratory data in chronic conditions can be theoretically linked together at the individual patient level. If patient identifiers can be matched, a chronological record of each patient's laboratory results can be analyzed as well as aggregated to the population level.
Following his military service, Pearlman attended Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Worcester, Massachusetts and in 1948, for his senior thesis designed a vacuum tube envelope follower that could extract the envelope of a sound from an instrument. He later audited a Harvard University course taught by one of the inventors of the transistor, Walter Brattain.
In June 1935 George V celebrated his silver jubilee. This opportunity was taken of granting royal status to four regiments, principally in recognition of their service in the previous war.
His paintings include:

"" – 1997
The film's title means "The Red Circle" and refers to the film's epigraph which translates as
<doc id="2499298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2499298" title="1971–72 South African cricket season">
Smiřice
Bethany Curve
Her latest novel, "Into the Valley of Death", begins a second series featuring Victorian military hero Harry Ryder. It is set in the Crimean War, and follows Ryder through the battles of Alma and Inkerman as well as the Charge of the Light Brigade at Balaklava.
Tycho Brahe attempted to directly measure the “bigness” of the stars in terms of angular size, which in theory meant that a star's magnitude could be determined by more than just the subjective judgment described in the above quote. He concluded that first magnitude stars measured 2 arc minutes (2’) in apparent diameter (1/30 of a degree, or 1/15 the diameter of the full moon), with second through sixth magnitude stars measuring 3/2’, 13/12’, 3/4’, 1/2’, and 1/3’, respectively. The development of the telescope showed that these large sizes were illusory—stars appeared much smaller through the telescope. However, early telescopes produced a spurious disk-like image of a star (known today as an Airy disk) that was larger for brighter stars and smaller for fainter one. Astronomers from Galileo to Jaques Cassini mistook these spurious disks for the physical bodies of stars, and thus into the eighteenth century continued to think of magnitude in terms of the physical size of a star. By the time of William Herschel astronomers recognized that the telescopic disks of stars were spurious and a function of the telescope as well as the brightness of the stars, but still spoke in terms of a star's size more than its brightness.
This car made its debut in 2003 at the Tropicana Twister 300 as the #82 Jani-King Chevrolet driven by Casey Atwood, who finished 21st. Randy LaJoie drove the car again at Phoenix, finishing 14th. LaJoie continued to run the car part-time in 2004 with sponsorship from Goulds Pumps, his best finish being 13th at Las Vegas. In 2005, the team switched to #40 with sponsorship from Jani-King and Cottman Transmission. Sterling Marlin began the season with the team, with Carlos Contreras and Scott Lagasse Jr. filling in. Towards the end of the season, Contreras, Paul Wolfe, and Erin Crocker got majority of the starts in the car. Reed Sorenson ran the Aaron's 312 at Atlanta in March in the car after the transmission on his regular #41 Discount Tire car mysteriously locked up during qualifying for the race. For 2006, Michael Waltrip purchased the team's owners points and began a partnership with FBR to run the #99 Aaron's Dodge.
"The Way You Make Me Feel" was recorded by Michael Jackson in 1987 for his seventh studio album "Bad", which was released the same year it was recorded. Epic Records released the song as the third single from the album in November that year. "The Way You Make Me Feel" was written and co-produced by Jackson, and produced by Quincy Jones. Before the recording of "Bad", Jackson had written over sixty songs for the album, with plans of releasing a three disc album, but after Jones convinced Jackson to make "Bad" a one disc LP, "The Way You Make Me Feel", as well as ten other songs were selected for the album. According to Bad 25, a documentary about the 25th anniversary of Bad's release, the song and subsequent video was intended to show another aspect to public's perception of Michael Jackson in addition to his reputation as a lover (I Just Can't Stop Loving You) and being streetwise (Bad) they wanted to show him as a flirt or able to pick up girls.
<doc id="2501840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2501840" title="Adelia barbinervis">
