<doc id="25783250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25783250" title="Universal Research Group">
By the late 1970s "La Ola Blanca" had split up and Dr. Wagner began feuding with the now "tecnico" Ángel Blanco, even taking it so far as to defeating Ángel Blanco in an "Apuesta" match on January 1, 1979, leaving his former team mate bald. Dr. Wagner would briefly hold the Mexican National Light Heavyweight title for a third time in 1973, holding it for 19 days, winning it from Astro Rey and losing it to Enrique Vera. On March 16, 1980 Dr. Wagner teamed with El Texano to face Robot C-3 and Astro Rey in the finals of a "Losers advance" tournament, forcing Robot C-3 to unmask and the already unmasked Astro Rey to have his hair shaved off. In the early 1980s Dr. Wagner was beginning to show his age, working as a "tecnico" would still be able to produce good matches teaming with El Solitario or Aníbal against Ángel Blanco. When he turned on El Solitario and Aníbal he got one last run as a main event wrestler as a reunited "Ola Blanca" faced Solitario and Aníbal. On December 1, 1985 Dr. Wagner and El Solitario finally met in a one on one "Luchas de Apuesta" in the main event of a show that sold out the 15.000 seat "Plaza de Toros Monumental" in Monterrey, which was the largest and most profitable show in Monterrey up until that point. In the end El Solitario defeated Dr. Wagner, two falls to one and claimed the white mask as the biggest "Apuesta" win of El Solitario's career. Following his unmasking Dr. Wagner focused on introducing his son, wrestling as Dr. Wagner, Jr., to the professional ranks.
Holden is also the author of several other books of rhyming poetry, including , O The Dark Things You'll See! (a spooky parody of the Dr. Seuss Classic Oh, the Places You'll Go!), and the upcoming books of rhyming poetry The Three Jacks: A True Fable, and The Mog Tails of Stonegate & Newcastle. 
Her husband died in 1808. As a widow, she lived at the Palazzo Chiablese which she later willed to her brother Charles Felix of Savoy. In 1820 Maria Ana bought the Villa Rufinella in Frascati having bought the property from Lucien Bonaparte.
