It is a triangle contained within the Submandibular triangle. Its boundaries are the Hypoglossal Nerve, and the Anterior and Posterior belly of the Digastric muscle. This triangle was named after a German surgeon named Ladislaus Leon Lesser, who lived from 1846-1925
2010 Sima Chalavi
<doc id="34429399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34429399" title="Ephestiodes erasa">
Jow Zhi Wei for Waiting"'

John Tosswill
<doc id="34432612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34432612" title="Sara Killey Memorial Walk">
Rip Rig + Panic 
Veterinary technicians are the primary paraveterinary workers in the US and assist the veterinarian in the role of a nurse (and in most other anglophone countries, the equivalent role is called a veterinary nurse), providing trained support. The requirements for technicians vary by state, but in most cases, technicians are graduates of two or four year college-level programs and are legally qualified to assist veterinarians in many medical procedures.

List of dams in the Missouri River watershed
Life and career.

The painting captures a moment when Joris van der Paele, deep in meditation and prayer, removes his glasses, which van Eyck employs to create a lovely optical illusion: they enlarge the text immediately behind them on his book of prayers—both items are symbols of wealth and education—as he pauses and reflects on a passage he has just read. At that moment the Virgin, Child and two saints appear before him as embodiments of his prayer. The Virgin sits on an elevated throne situated below a minutely detailed and extravagantly decorated brocade baldachin. The Child has curly blond hair and sits animated and upright at the side of her lap, perched on a white cloth. He is shown frontally, with his head in three quarters view . The tapestry behind them is decorated with white roses, symbols of the purity of the Virgin. Mary's robe is embroidered with Latin text that recalls a similar sentiment to van Eyck's Berlin "Madonna in the Church" and is taken from the Wisdom of Solomon 7:29: "Est enim haec speciosior sole et super omnem stellarum dispositionem. Luci conparata invenitur prior" ("For she is more beautiful than the sun, and excels every constellation of the stars. Compared with the light she is found to be superior"). The throne contains a number of carved figures including representations of Adam and Eve on the upper arms, and on the legs, a number of prefiguring events from the Life of Christ and old testament scenes, including the meeting of Abraham and Melchizedek, and the Sacrifice of Isaac.
The Münster tramway network () once formed part of the public transport system in Münster, now in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Opened in 1901, the network lasted until 1954.

Volume List.
Raphael Thattil
John Poulett, 4th Earl Poulett KT (3 April 1756 – 14 January 1819), styled Viscount Hinton between 1764 and 1788, was a British peer and militia officer.


Emergency treatment.
Lojane is known in Macedonia and Serbia for its heavy presence of illegal immigrants who are unable to advance to Serbia on their journey to European Union territory such as Italy or Austria. The immigrants lodged in Lojane remain until a situation presents itself for each individual to successfully cross into Serbia escaping Serbian authorities - many have been successfully repelled by Serbian police which explains their continued stay in Lojane. The population of the village is mixed in its perception of the outsiders: some are pleased with the short-term prospect that they pump money into businesses when they arrive, though as time goes by and some remain longer, worries emerge that the new population spread crime and diseases to the locals - coupled with the outsiders' money running low and their need to survive.
Deepak Bhojwani is married to Shyella Bhojwani, and together they have three children, Samir, Sahir and Mihir. His family has accompanied him on all Diplomatic posts during his tenure as a diplomat. Two of his children are currently living in Latin America.
Psychiatry.



Reeshof
She founded and was the first director of the Service User Research Enterprise (SURE) which employs people with mental-health problems to carry out and direct research into mental-health issues. Wykes continues to be co-director with Dr. Diana Rose, a senior service-user researcher.
References.
