The National Large Solar Telescope (NLST) is a Gregorian multi-purpose open telescope proposed to be built in Merak village in Ladakh in India and aims to study the sun's microscopic structure.
Subsidiaries.
During the Directorship of Professor Frank Wilson (1950–1959) a full department range was established at the Eastman, including children’s, oral surgery, radiography and prosthetics. The Directorship of Sir Robert Bradlaw (1959–1970) saw the Eastman’s teaching concept altered, with MSc courses of the University of London being introduced. In 1988 the Eastman moved to the old Royal Free buildings on Gray's Inn Road and in 1992 the Eastman's name was changed to the Eastman Dental Institute (EDI). 
Eas Mor, Minginish is a waterfall on the Minginish peninsula of the island of Skye in Scotland. It lies on the Huisgill Burn just north of the settlement of Talisker (which gives its name to Talisker whisky) in Glen Oraid. There is another unnamed waterfall higher up the valley underneath the heights of Beinn nan Dubh-locahn ("the hill of the black loch").
Shoot Boxing World Tournament 1995
2010 World Weightlifting Championships – Women's 58 kg
Whappstown is a townland in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Cubic in shape and with a square ground level, it has three storeys above ground, two below, and a total exhibition space of . The facade is of red sandstone.
Geastrum quadrifidum, commonly known as the rayed earthstar or four-footed earthstar, is an inedible species of mushroom belonging to the genus "Geastrum", or earthstar fungi. First described scientifically by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1794, "G. quadrifidum" is a cosmopolitan—but not common—species of Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Australasia. The fungus is a saprobe, feeding off decomposing organic matter present in the soil and litter of coniferous forests.
The Sifang Art Museum previously known as 4Cube Museum of Contemporary Art is a museum in Nanjing, in Jiangsu province in China. It is a non-profit private multi-functional institution dedicated to the exhibition, preservation, research and education of contemporary art and architecture. 
Onegin : title role
Redneck Techs.
The video reached #1 on MuchMusic Countdown for the week of September 20, 1996. The video also won the award for "Best Cinematography" at the 1997 MuchMusic Video Awards.

<doc id="28852897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28852897" title="Bracks Ministry">
Poa meionectes
Psilosis
<doc id="28854935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28854935" title="Kuttalawadi">
It contains Eusebian tables at the beginning, lectionary markings at the margin, a liturgical book Synaxarion (later hand), Verses (later hand), and pictures.
History.
Mutawad

<doc id="28857384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28857384" title="Shivanakote">

Masurica is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1245 people.
"The Moral Imperative of School Leadership" (2003) examined the moral purpose of educational leadership and the role principals play in transforming schools.
StudioMini
The Holcim Awards competition opens with five regional Holcim Awards competitions and is followed by the Global Holcim Awards. The regional Holcim Awards are based on five geographic areas: Europe, North America, Latin America, Africa Middle East, and Asia Pacific. Entries in the competition are allocated to a region based on the location of the project.
Dungate
According to national census of 2001, population of the village is 52.
Pannonian Croatia is a name given in historiography to the succession of medieval early Slavic polities located in the southwestern parts of the former Roman province of Pannonia between the fall of the Avar Khaganate starting in the 790s, and the Hungarian conquest of the Carpathian Basin in the 890s. They were mostly under Frankish suzerainty, part of Frankish Pannonia, and are known from Frankish primary sources.
This is a list of the European cities with the highest population density. The population, population density, and land area for the cities listed are based on the entire city proper, the defined boundary or border of a city or the city limits of the city. The population density of the cities listed is based on the average amount of people living per square mile or per square kilometer. This list does not refer to the population, population density, or land area of the greater metropolitan area or urban area and also does not target a particular city district of any of the cities listed.
BA-Home     .268    
Other equivalencies in music include:
The episode received mixed reviews from critics. Tim Stack of "Entertainment Weekly" named it as one of his favourite episodes of the series, calling it "not only funny and moving, but incredibly important", both for its religious element and message of tolerance. Stack praised the performances by Colfer and O'Malley, as did "USA Today" Robert Bianco, who deemed the episode a "smart, moving, musical exploration of the power and limits of faith and religion in a democratic society". Bianco commented positively on the way Colfer's singing was used to "dig beneath the archness and anger in Kurt's behavior", calling it "a textbook example of what music can add to drama." Mark Perigard of the "Boston Herald" went further in his praise, deeming "Grilled Cheesus" "the perfect blend of music, characterization and plot - and easily the most provocative scripted hour in prime-time of the new season." Perigard appreciated the fact there were no easy answers presented, with no characters undergoing religious conversions during the course of the episode. Raymund Flandez of "The Wall Street Journal" felt that "Grilled Cheesus" succeeded in balancing opposing viewpoints, resulting in "a nuanced, atypical episode of "Glee" that was both conflictingly emotional and confidently serious about the topic of religion", and Semigran similarly commended the episode's balance, writing that Falchuk "covered both sides of controversial debate with grace, humor, and most importantly, respect."
Blackarachnia (To Silverbolt): ""Oh, it's no legend, Jo-Jo. Eons before Maximal or Predacon even existed, your ancestors, the Autobots, launched this ship containing their finest heroes. It was attacked by Decepticons and crashed here on Earth. When it" (the volcano the "Ark" was lying in) "explodes in 1984, our ancestors will awaken and start the Great War.""


Robert Kanzow Bowley
<br>
Key
Kent was in the 20s deputy chairman in the Norwegian Authors' Union under chairman Ronald Fangen. Kent was among those who reacted when Sigurd Hoel and Helge Krog in 1930 received scholarships from the union. Kent and others were of the opinion that Krog and Hoel could not receive any money since the statutes of the union said that the receivers should not "belong to movements that are in conflict with morality or the on Christianity founded order of society". Kent, who Helge Krogh referred to as Ronald Fangen's "astral body", was an outspoken participator in this idelogical conflict that ended with Hoel, Krog, Arnulf Øverland, Francis Bull and A. H. Winsnes leaving the union.

Saradaga Kasepu
As the assumed heir to the Dutch throne, Heinrich XXXII traveled to the United States in 1906, journeying to San Francisco, Chicago, New York, Washington D.C., among others. He was described as a very "democratic young nobleman", and was a guest of honor with the German ambassador Speck von Sternburg at the embassy in Washington. No room reservation had been made for him when he arrived at a hotel in Washington, and the desk clerk not recognizing him, asked Heinrich to sign his name in the guest book; this he did, signing "Prince Henry of Reuss, Belair, Md". One account described him as "one of the most democratic and interesting of all the younger royal sons of Europe".
Electric power as well as water and fuel supplies are available. Piloting is provided by Servprat – Serviços de Praticagem da Baía de São Marcos Ltda. Tugboating is available from TUG BRASIL, Consórcio de Rebocadores da Baía de São Marcos, Internacional Marítima, and Smith rebras.
Douglas and Ernest Irving helped Walton complete the ballet "The Quest" by his birthday, 29 March 1943, in time for its premiere performance only a week later.

nonetheless remains serious because of sulfur dioxide emissions from
Born on 11 November 1952 in Bangalore, he was associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh from a very young age. He finished his graduation in Science from Bangalore University. Due to his active opposition to the Emergency, he was imprisoned in the Bangalore Central jail, where many national and state level leaders were also being detained. After being released from jail, he did his graduation in law from Bangalore University during 1977-1980.He started his career as an advocate during 1981. He enrolled himself to the Bar Council and practiced law for some time before taking a plunge into active politics.
<doc id="28880336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28880336" title="Lewiston and Auburn Railroad">
In a normal level you receive 50 points, and in a harder level 100 points. In 'challenge' levels points are doubled. In every level the following bonus points can be achieved:

The Safeway Bowl is a college football rivalry game between the Southern Methodist University (SMU) Mustangs football team and the University of North Texas (UNT) Mean Green football team, two universities in Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. Its name is derived from a challenge from then UNT head coach Matt Simon issued in 1994 after a two-year break in the series, stating "I'd like to play because I think we could beat them, and my players feel the same way. If they'd like to play on a Safeway parking lot ... just give us a date and time."

The manuscript was noticed in catalogue from 1876.

<doc id="28886698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28886698" title="Camarones (Guaynabo)">
In human genetics, Haplogroup R-M167 is a Y-chromosome haplogroup which is a subdivision of haplogroup R1b defined by the presence of the marker M167, also known as SRY2627.
The Devizes County House of Corrections was opened in 1817 after taking 7 years to build, and was the replacement for The Old Bridewell. It was located on the west side of Devizes, nearby what is still called Prison Bridge over the Kennet and Avon Canal.
<doc id="28889103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28889103" title="Creagan na Beinne">
Francis Askew school was established in 1925, initially as a temporary infant and junior school – it expanded during the mid 20th century to include a senior school (Frances Askew High) of over 600 students by the 1960s. A public library was established in 1956.


In the lead up to the film's release in October 2012, there was a traveling art exhibition detailing the work that has gone into creating the film. During the exhibition it was possible to see sets and characters that were used for the stop motion feature film.
