Now it has come to Our ears, and common gossip has made clear, that certain Societies, Companies, Assemblies, Meetings, Congregations or Conventicles called in the popular tongue Liberi Muratori or Francs Massons or by other names according to the various languages, are spreading far and wide and daily growing in strength; and men of any Religion or sect, satisfied with the appearance of natural probity, are joined together, according to their laws and the statutes laid down for them, by a strict and unbreakable bond which obliges them, both by an oath upon the Holy Bible and by a host of grievous punishment, to an inviolable silence about all that they do in secret together. But it is in the nature of crime to betray itself and to show itself by its attendant clamor. Thus these aforesaid Societies or Conventicles have caused in the minds of the faithful the greatest suspicion, and all prudent and upright men have passed the same judgment on them as being depraved and perverted. For if they were not doing evil they would not have so great a hatred of the light. Indeed, this rumor has grown to such proportions that in several countries these societies have been forbidden by the civil authorities as being against the public security, and for some time past have appeared to be prudently eliminated.
In 1940, he was travelling from Northern Ireland to England when the ship struck a mine outside Liverpool. Using his medical skills he tended to the casualties. His war service took him to Egypt and India. He married a nursing sister from the same unit. After being demobbed he trained as a surgeon at Belfast City Hospital. After the National Health Service was created, he became a Consultant at Banbridge and Newtownards Hospitals.
Davis was assigned to the Single-A Brooklyn Cyclones. On defense he excelled, as he committed only one error in 492 total chances at first base, for a league-leading .998 fielding percentage. Uncharacteristically, he struggled on offense, batting only .256, without a home run in 58 games. Asked the following year to name his most embarrassing professional moment, he replied: "Not hitting one home run in my first professional season." He noted: 
Kal.
The bishop Ishoyahb of Gazarta is mentioned together with the patriarch Abraham II (906–37) in the colophon of an East Syrian manuscript of 912.
Features.
Álvaro Pérez de Lara (died 15 September 1172) was a nobleman of the Lara family. He was the youngest son of Pedro González de Lara. His mother was Eva, who may have been a daughter of Pedro Froilaz de Traba, or perhaps a Frenchwoman. She was originally married to García Ordóñez, but was married to Pedro by November 1127 at the latest. Álvaro is mentioned in documents between 8 February 1141 and 10 May 1172. He held the "tenencia" of Aguilar de Campóo for a long time early in his career (1146–65). He also patronised the Praemonstratensian monastery there. On 15 February 1149 he called himself "filius comitis" ("the count's son") in a document, perhaps to indicate his aspiration for a comital title. He is first recorded as a count (Latin "comes"), the highest title granted in the kingdom, on 19 November 1166. 
Use.
Significant operations and actions involving the Brigade include:
For the 2011-2012 season Melbourne Heart introduced a third kit which would be worn for one-off match per season. The design of the kit for each season was determined via a fan-designed competition. All fans could enter a design submission with the final design being decided by a club panel. The winner for the 2011-2012 season was Red and White Unite co-founder Steven Forbes and featured a red and white sash on a grey jersey.

Voida.
Pollard concludes that he was one of the most influential and vigorous of the Irish loyalists; and, though his devotion and motives were sometimes suspected, Carew wrote that "his services hath proceeded out of a true nobleness of mind and from no great encouragement received" from the court.
The larvae feed on "Salix repens" and other sand-dune plants.
Kantor has been recognized for three consecutive years as one of the '50 Most Influential Jews in the World'.
Wells had early success at Seattle. He was able to put together a continuous streak of 4 games where he had a home run in each from August 13 through 16, 2011. The streak was halted when he was hit by a pitch in the nose by Brandon Morrow.
Name.
