He was Editor-in-Chief of the scientific journal Oikos 1989-2004.

<doc id="14576594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14576594" title="Stephen H. Crandall">
Fairview Avenue (Metra station)
On July 31, 2013, Jennings was signed-and-traded to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for guard Brandon Knight, forward Khris Middleton, and center Viacheslav Kravtsov.
The firm was founded in Bangor, North Wales by Morris Wartski in 1865, a refugee from the Tsarist pogroms, who had established, first, a jewellery business on Bangor's High Street, and then a drapery store. His son, Isidore, went on to develop the drapery business and to create a large, fashionable, store. He also developed the Castle Inn on High Street in Bangor, into the high-class Castle Hotel. He was a popular mayor of the city and a patron of local sports and charities. Wartski Fields were bequeathed to the city and people of Bangor by his widow, Winifred Marie, in memory of Isidore Wartski.
<doc id="14580471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14580471" title="Fairfield Stags men's lacrosse">
Translation.
From Hunky Dory
"Full 2004 Career Official Money List"
Spur route.
Instant Sound.
Honey Creek, Wisconsin
The Tour of Southland is a road bicycle racing stage race held in the Southland Region of New Zealand. From 2005 until 2009, the Tour of Southland has been part of the UCI Oceania Tour however the 2010 event was held as a National Tour. The Tour is held annually in November. The race is organised and delivered by Cycling Southland. The race's title sponsor is SBS Bank, a New Zealand bank, which is the country's largest building society.
In 1994 Graciani played for Deportivo Español before dropping down a division to play for Atlético Tucumán and then Argentinos Juniors in the Primera B Nacional.
Human usage.
There were several other tropical cyclones that formed in one basin, dissipated, and re-developed. In addition, there were tropical cyclones that developed and entered another basin briefly or at a weak intensity, however, they were not recognized as an Atlantic-Pacific crossover hurricane. In chronological order from most recent to earliest, they are:

