British Coal (the new name for the national Coal Board), was privatised by selling off a large number of pits to private concerns through the mid-1990s. Because of exhausted seams and high prices the mining industry disappeared almost completely, despite the militant protests of some miners.
Krisztián Koller
The PNL made a victorious comeback in the March 1922 election. Its campaign focused on instigating hostility toward Averescu, but Brătianu's prefects also lifted censorship and allowed all parties to campaign freely. The PP, neutral toward all other anti-PNL forces, attempted to form an alliance with the Marghiloman Conservatives, while Ionescu's faction went to the PND. The Averescans dropped to 7.6% of the vote in the Assembly and 6.5% overall, although theirs was still the most important single opposition force. The PP's downfall was glaring in Bessarabia, where it failed to win any parliamentary seats. In Bukovina, the Averescan party was joined by one segment of the Jewish community, under Mayer Ebner, but was still defeated at the ballot box.
In 1919, the "Sette Giugno" riots over the excessive price of bread led to greater autonomy for the locals during the 1920s. After Filippo Sciberras had convened a National Assembly, in 1921 self-government was granted under British rule. Malta obtained a bicameral parliament with a Senate (later abolished in 1949) and an elected Legislative Assembly. Joseph Howard was named Prime Minister. In 1923 the "Innu Malti" was played for the first time in public, and the same year Francesco Buhagiar became Prime Minister, followed in 1924 by Sir Ugo Pasquale Mifsud and in 1927 by Sir Gerald Strickland.
De todas maneras Rosa
Ducky and Palmer are called out to investigate the mysterious suicide of a Navy Lieutenant, but are kidnapped on the way back to NCIS headquarters. They are then forced to perform an autopsy on the lieutenant's corpse in order to find an important item he was carrying. Meanwhile, the rest of the team discovers that the dead lieutenant is in fact a Cuban spy who was stealing classified files, and the people who kidnapped Ducky and Palmer are his handlers. Both Ducky and Palmer manage to escape their captors and are rescued by the rest of the team, who managed to track them. Thanks to a ruse set up by Ducky and Palmer, the team is able to apprehend the lead handler and recover the stolen files.

The party's leadership convention on April 4, 2009 was not a competitive one, instead directly ratifying interim leader James Rodd as the party's new permanent leader.
Dody Crane
Cream, a band formed of M-Flo collaborators Minami (who began working with Verbal on BoA's "Bump Bump!" (2009) and worked on "Square One") and Staxx T (who worked with Teriyaki Boyz) released their debut album "Dreamin"' on February 27, 2013, which reached #30 on Oricon album charts.
Second Round (Chamber Music Round).
These broad-nosed weevils are present in most of Europe, in the East Palearctic ecozone and in the Near East.
