Tourist attractions.

temperature ranges from 32 degrees Celsius to 11 degrees Celsius, and
Beyond the emphasis on public ministry, the Odyssean tradition is characterized by the following: it is an Eclectic tradition in its origins that has a strong British Traditional Wicca style to its forms of organization and initiation; although it emulates British Traditional the tradition's approach to ritual is more flexible and may often be less structured than many British Traditional Wiccans would be comfortable with; the tradition rejects the concepts of Neopagan monism and Neopagan monotheism; the tradition does accept the base-line Wiccan concept of Neopagan duotheism but does encourage students and seekers alike to choose to affiliate with a particular Pagan pantheon and encourages the devotion to a deity (or group of deities) .
After the end of the Spanish regime, Calintaan became progressive, with Eligio Jimenez serving as the first appointed "cabeza de barangay". Sablayan became a municipality during the American period, holding jurisdiction over barrios including Iriron and Calintaan. The municipal board of Sablayan was dominated by representatives from Calintaan. Some of these representatives were Leoncio Panganiban, Benigno Lontoc, Juanito Gonzales, Juan Credo, Pedro Credo, Agustin Esmelo, Francisco Esmelo, Eriberto Lineses, Atanacio Encomio,Pedro Romaquin, Constancio Villarosa, Cornelio Gasmin, Aniceto Apigo, Alberto Obispo, Amador Ulay and Vicente Isidro. Calintaan saw its first primary school open in 1914. During this period, the residents of Calintaan requested that they be established as a municipality themselves rather than sitting as a barrio of Sablayan. They felt that Sablayan was too far away for easy governance. The petition was heard in Calapan, which at that time served as Provincial Council of all of Mindoro. Although some from the Sablayan municipal council supported the petitioners, their request was ultimately declined because it was feared that Calintaan did not have enough income to maintain a municipal government.
There were two patron saints with whom the town directed their devotion. The first was St. Francis of Assisi placed in the church made of wooden materials. Unfortunately, in 1730 the church was razed down by fire. It was, however, replaced by a stone structure built under the supervision of Rev. Fray Jose de Cerda. Another saint was installed, St. Anthony of Padua.
<doc id="2138978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2138978" title="Lamut, Ifugao">
