Although the Panzer IV was deployed to North Africa with the German Afrika Korps, until the longer gun variant began production, the tank was outperformed by the Panzer III with respect to armor penetration. Both the Panzer III and IV had difficulty in penetrating the British Matilda II's thick armor, while the Matilda's 40-mm QF 2 pounder gun could knock out either German tank; its major disadvantage was its low speed. By August 1942, Rommel had only received 27 Panzer IV Ausf. F2s, armed with the L/43 gun, which he deployed to spearhead his armored offensives. The longer gun could penetrate all American and British tanks in theater at ranges of up to . Although more of these tanks arrived in North Africa between August and October 1942, their numbers were insignificant compared to the amount of matériel shipped to British forces.
Hildebrando Fuentes
The following ones have been individually listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and hence are individually notable.
Mixed martial arts career.
Thomas Palfreyman dedicated his "Divine Meditations" to Lady Harington in 1572.
The Medics is an Australian rock band formed in Cairns, Queensland in 2007. In April 2010 they moved to Brisbane. The band was formed by Jhindu Lawrie, Charles Thomas, Kahl Wallace and Emma Andrews, later expanding to a five piece band with Andrew Thomson. Andrews left the band, reducing it back to four members. They are mentored by Lawrie's father, Coloured Stone's Bunna Lawrie. They released their debut ep in 2008 and followed it up with a second in 2010. 
The ranges of this sparsely-populated mountain area have the most important forested zone of the region. Thus the area of the Tinença de Benifassà together with the neighboring Serra del Turmell and Serra de Vallivana mountain chains was declared a Site of Community Importance by the European Union under the name Tinença de Benifassà, Turmell i Vallivana.
<doc id="29079859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29079859" title="Vicente Sancho y Cobertores">
When the moderates came back to power in 1844, starting a period known as the "Moderate Decade", Mon was called by the new Prime Minister Ramón María Narváez, 1st Duke of Valencia, again as Minister of Finance. He held this post from 1844 to 1845, and carried out the Tax reform of 1845, which established the basis of the current tax system of Spain. This reform was executed in collaboration with Ramón de Santillán, and it s popularly known as the "Mon-Santillán reform".
He became the bantamweight boxing champion of the world when he knocked out Monte Attell in 42 rounds on February 22, 1910. In 1912 he was knocked out by Mexican Joe Rivers. He died on August 21, 1952.
Reward and regulation.
