<doc id="7910729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7910729" title="Socle (architecture)">
Although the TBL was formed in Launceston during the April of 1946, historical records suggest that there were predecessors to the current banding authority. An organisation known as the "Tasmanian Bands Association" was formed in Hobart on 24 February 1914. In this inaugural year, the association comprised bands from all parts of Tasmania, including: Gormanston, Waratah, Queenstown, Zeehan Military, Launceston City, St. Joseph's, Railway, Williamsford and Collins Vale bands. One year after its formation, the Bischoff, Derwent, Hobart City, North Hobart and Tasmanian Military bands also became registered members of the association.
<doc id="7912549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7912549" title="Nine Days Wonder">
Overview.
Shanty Hogan
Station layout.
Matthew Ryan Mason-Cox, an Australian politician, is the Minister for Fair Trading since May 2014 in the Baird ministry and a Liberal Party of Australia member of the New South Wales Legislative Council since September 2006. Mason-Cox is currently Leader of the Liberal Party of Australia in the Legislative Council.
GIRAFFE Radar

Ryot
Podhradie, Martin District
The Mackintosh Man is a 1973 British-American cold war spy thriller film, directed by John Huston and starring Paul Newman, Dominique Sanda and James Mason.
History.
Savings bank (Spain)
The church (All Saints) dates back to Norman times and is famous for its medieval Doom; at Great Harrowden, the Doom sits very high up - at clerestory level. The work is not sophisticated but is considered to be one of the best and most complete Dooms remaining in England.
Geography.
Despite a subsequent search of Scott's ranch using helicopters, dogs, searchers on foot, and a high-tech Jet Propulsion Laboratory device for detecting trace amounts of sinsemilla, no marijuana—or any other illegal drug—was found.
Today, the most salient characteristic of the economy is its diversity; the relative outputs of its business sectors closely match the United States as a whole.

Africa! opened on May 1, 2004 and is large. The main exhibit, the African plains, is . It has artificial termite mounds for the free-roaming African animals, such as the East African Crowned Cranes, Grant's Zebra, Greater Kudu, Helmeted Guineafowl, impala, Masai giraffe, Nile lechwe, ostrich, and wildebeest. There is also a section for Cape hunting dogs. This is all viewed by visitors on an observation deck or the Safari Railway, which circles Africa! Children can ride the only African Animal Carousel in existence. Africa! was built on the site of the original gravel parking lot that existed before the bridge was built. In March 2010, a male baby giraffe named Enzi was born whose father is another famous giraffe at the zoo, whose name was Mowgli.
The municipality lies at an altitude of and covers an area of . It has a population of about 1769 people. It has a large gender imbalance with women outnumbering men almost 2 to 1.

The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
After the fight, Asmodeus found Meimi Otonashi. He happened to see her stagger away crying after spying on Naoto as he asked Rika to go out with him. Taking advantage of her jealousy for his prey, Asmodeus turned Meimi into a demon and named her Misty Mei to help him attack and capture Rika. (But, much to Asmo's dismay, she turned out to be an uncontrollably temperamental subordinate really put the mental in temperamental and thought of him as her slave.) Meanwhile, Luvriel had Naoto and Rika have sex together so that Rika could turn into "St. Djibril" (Jiburiru) to help her fight against Asmodeus.
Giants of Jotunheim.
Grog (Marvel Comics)
<doc id="7927568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7927568" title="Bernhard Luginbühl">
Darolebu is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Mirab Hararghe Zone, Darolebu is bordered on the south by the Shebelle River which separates it from the Bale Zone, on the west by the Arsi Zone, on the northwest by Guba Koricha, on the north by the Habro, and on the east by Boke. Towns in Darolebu include Machara and Micheta.
Terminology.
Remnants.
The temples vary in size. The last three temples built are around , and the others are around .

Twenty Ninth Street is a retail center in Boulder, Colorado (managed by The Macerich Company) that opened on October 13, 2006 on the former site of Crossroads Mall.

Brinton gives a list of Mangue words and phrases some of which are:
