
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. It is located in the Siler City Commercial Historic District.

Maksim Vitalyevich Biryulin (; born 19 February 1993) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Arsenal-2 Tula.
Much of the former creek route is now open parkland:
Dieter Grabe
He died in 1869. He had married Charlotte Rebecca, the daughter of alderman John Cash, with whom he had 8 children and was succeeded in the baronetcy by their eldest son Sir John James, 2nd Baronet. The baronetcy has since become extinct.
The name was recorded by the Anglo-Saxon scholar Bede in his treatise "De temporum ratione" (The Reckoning of Time), saying "Blod-monath is month of immolations, for it was in this month that the cattle which were to be slaughtered were dedicated to the gods.”

The Palermo Stone (also named: Royal Annals of the Old Kingdom of Ancient Egypt, of the previous ~700 years), scribed circa 2392 BC to 2280 BC, has two uses of the "union symbol hieroglyph" on the "Palermo piece"-(obverse) of the 7—piece Palermo Stone (one of the two large pieces). Both uses are for the symbol "ligatured" (tied) to the "sedge hieroglyph" and the "papyrus clump hieroglyph", forming "one large symbol".

The Edith Cavell Memorial is an outdoor memorial to Edith Cavell by Sir George Frampton, in London, United Kingdom. The memorial is sited in St Martin's Place, beside the A400, just outside the northeast corner of Trafalgar Square, north of St Martin-in-the-Fields, east of the National Gallery and the National Portrait Gallery, and south of the London Coliseum. 
On August 28, a female second-year student at Jadavpur University was dragged into the Old Boys' Hostel on campus and molested, and her male friend beaten up, by 10 residents of the hostel. According to the girl's father, when he approached the interim Vice-Chancellor, Abhijit Chakrabarti, on September 1, he was told to wait for a couple of days as Chakrabarti was going to New Delhi. The father lodged a police complaint on September 2 and sent a letter to the University authorities on September 3, upon which an internal inquiry was ordered in the Vice-Chancellor's absence, believed to be at the behest of state Education Minister Partha Chatterjee. An Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) was formed in accordance with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act, 2013 to investigate the matter. However, the committee was compromised when two of its members visited the girl's home in Bidhannagar on September 5, refusing to identify themselves and asking questions about her dress on the night of the incident. This led to the girl filing a General Diary with the Bidhannagar police station on September 6 for "mental harassment" in which she identified them as professors of the Sanskrit and Women's Studies Departments of Jadavpur University.
Heats.
1997–98 Israel State Cup
<doc id="43902783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43902783" title="Karate at the 2014 Asian Games">
Ward results.
