Maurice Vidal Portman
The Radioactive City RollerGirls (RCRG) is a roller derby league based in Paducah, Kentucky. Founded in 2007, the league consists of a single team, which competes against teams from other leagues.
Bracket.

All matches were played in Norway.
A 12 year-old girl named Chloe Croombe (Nell Tiger Free) is on the bus on the way to school. Her nemesis Pippa (Jemma Donovan) throws a banana skin on a tramp called Mr. Stink (Hugh Bonneville) sitting on a bench with his dog the Duchess (Pudsey). She goes to see Mr. Stink, who asks sausages for the Duchess. The following morning, she takes sausages to give them to Mr. Stink. Chloe's mother Caroline Croombe (Sheridan Smith) is a candidate to be local MP. She rips up Chloe's story that she wrote. Chloe and Mr. Stink enter Starbucks, where everyone runs away due to Mr. Stink's odour.

<doc id="36318185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36318185" title="Matthew Sullivan (disambiguation)">

Notable Players.
As the result of his experience coordinating stunts on sports movies, Graf has developed a regular "team" of stuntmen he can call on to get just the right look for the film. Graf's knowledge of the history of the game makes him especially useful. "for "The Express", based on Syracuse's Ernie Davis in 1961 becoming the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy, needed smaller players – and ones who could adopt that era's playing styles."
As of 2012, Ang Dorje had reached the summit of Mount Everest sixteen times since 1992 (in both spring and autumn, all via the South Col route), Cho Oyu seven times since 1995, and had also summited Broad Peak (1995), Gasherbrum II (1997) and Ama Dablam (in 1996, via the southwest ridge route)
After some informal modelling in her younger years, Fairbrother gained public attention at the age of 24 when she posed for a pictorial in South Africa edition of Playboy as their Miss September 2011 Playboy Playmate. Following her September shoot, she modelled for the New Zealand clothing company Ruby in their lingerie and swimwear fashion show. In December, Fairbrother was filmed in a German BMW television advertisement.
Henry R. Edmunds School
He simultaneously became active in the communities of Orange County, California. He served on an advisory board for the Orange County Sheriff's Department for several years and became a technical adviser for the Santa Ana Police Department in 1979.
Mittelhessen-Express
Route 480 is a long west-east secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. 
