The importance of this discovery is that the usurper Regalianus is attested only by his coins and a small piece the unreliable "Historia Augusta": the presence, in the early 3rd century, of a consul with the rare "cognomen" Regalianus and belonging to a family whose name begins with 'C' opens the way to some interesting possibilities. A Regalianus descending by this consul might have been appointed governor of Moesia or Pannonia, and have rebelled against Gallienus. This would also solve a problem related to a statement of the "Historia", according to which Regalianus was of equestrian rank, while his governorship required the senatorial rank, as the consulate did.

Bowles' style is often described as singular.
There is also a version called I Wrote a Letter to My Mother, where the handkerchief is imagined as a letter being accidentally dropped. This version has a song which goes:
Interim Athletic Director, University of Maine.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
<doc id="25769490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25769490" title="St Mary's School, Eccleston">
Career.
The fact that the Continental branch of Freemasonry was concentrated in traditionally Catholic countries, may account for the fact that the fraternity has been seen by Catholic critics as an outlet for anti-Catholic disaffection. Many particularly anti-clerical regimes in traditionally Catholic countries were perceived as having a strong Masonic element.
Frenchton is an unincorporated community in Upshur County, West Virginia, United States. Frenchton is southwest of Buckhannon. Frenchton has a post office with ZIP code 26219.
In Korea, tortoise-borne stelae are known already during the Three Kingdoms of Korea period (e.g., the Tombstone of King Muyeol of Silla, erected 661).
With the win, the Falcons improved to 7–2.
Shorter also wrote multiple books about Napoleon, two about George Borrow, as well as a volume of addresses and essays. His last published work was "C. K. S.: an Autobiography", which was edited by J.M. Bulloch, and published posthumously, in 1927.
This section will be expanded.
Yglesias was the patriarch of a writing family, which in addition to his son, the novelist and screenwriter Rafael Yglesias, included his wife, Helen Yglesias, a novelist and editor, as well as his grandsons: blogger and author Matthew Yglesias, and Nicholas Yglesias, a novelist. He died on November 7, 1995, at Beth Israel Hospital in New York City from cancer.
The exhibitions.

2010 Australian Open – Boys' Doubles
HFSP Journal.
Besides taxes on land and taxes on personal property, this period saw the introduction of taxes on trade. In 1202, King John imposed a custom duty of a fifteenth of the value of all goods imported or exported. It appears, however, that these duties were discontinued in 1206.
Scientific Breakthroughs.
