
Intransitive: Maka-, Makapag- and Makai-.
melted through (indeed, it was melted). However, the hole made by powerful laser
Justice William Burnham Woods wrote for the majority, explaining that public use of the invention by only one person is sufficient to be considered a public use, even where the usage of the invention is not visible to the general public. Similarly, a gift to another party without regards to secrecy or restrictions on use is sufficient to bar a patent for the same reason. Woods held that the use here was different from that in "City of Elizabeth v. Pavement Company" because this was not a good faith effort to test or experiment with the design. Furthermore, Barnes “slept on his rights” for the eleven years between 1855 and 1866, not applying for a patent until other manufacturers had already incorporated aspects similar to Barnes’ design into their own products. He did not bother applying for a patent until he came to the belated realization that he could potentially profit from his invention. Thus, the court held that the patent was invalid.
<doc id="7333272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7333272" title="Pearls Before Swine (film)">
A contract to write for a national magazine about the "Ghost Dance" phenomenon on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation put Moorehead on the scene for the critical weeks leading up to what is now known as the Wounded Knee Massacre of Dec. 29, 1890. Moorehead was not present, though his camera was apparently used by journalists who were still on the scene to record the horrific aftermath; Gen. John Rutter Brooke ordered Moorehead off the reservation under armed military escort on Dec. 28, according to Moorehead's journal because he was the only reporter present who spoke some of the language and was permitted to stay overnight with the Sioux in their encampments.

! Party
He was the recipient of a TCG/NEA Director Fellowship and has served as associate artistic director for the Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park and the Chelsea Theatre Centre in New York City, and on the NEA Theatre Panel.

John Thomas (footballer born 1958)
Professor Raj Persaud posits that true self-confidence comes from an attitude where you:

Currently he is the Principal Scientific Advisor to the Government of India and Chairman of the Scientific Advisory to the Cabinet of the Federal Government. Some of his initiatives as Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of India, including the setting up of the Core Advisory Group for R&D in the Automotive Sector (CAR) to increase academia-industry interaction, the creation of RuTAGs (Rural Technology Action Groups) for effective need based technology delivery in rural areas, the establishment of SETS (Society for Electronic Transactions and Security), headquartered in Chennai, etc., are making significant impact. During the last few years, he has helped conceptualise and has supervised,along with National Informatic Center the setting up the high-speed link 'National Knowledge Network' to connect about 1500 educational and research institutions in the country. He has emphasised the need for 'Coherent Synergy' (a phrase he has coined) in India's Science & Technology (S&T) efforts to take India on a sustained fast-growth path. He has also focused on the importance of 'Directed Basic Research' as an addition to (not a substitute for) self-directed basic research.
From 1963 to 1964 he was Chief Commissioner of Delhi and then from 1964 to 1966 Cabinet Secretary and Secretary to Union Council of Ministers and became Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission.
"The Patron of the Arts" is the fourteenth episode of the BBC comedy series "Yes, Prime Minister" and was first broadcast 14 January 1988.
Zarubino () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Khasansky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia and a port on the Posyet Bay. Population: 
<doc id="7343670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7343670" title="CCTV-3">

Rich Bailey, Afternoons

The Konstanz Minster or Konstanz Cathedral () is a historical building in Konstanz, southern Germany, the proto-cathedral of the former Roman Catholic diocese of Konstanz (dissolved in 1821). 
Cholera has been a persistent problem in Iran. In the 2005 epidemic which involved loss of lives, state television warned people not to eat vegetables or buy ice blocks on the streets. Salads were also banned in some restaurants. The 1998 epidemic involved considerably more cases and loss of life.
Tau Moe was born in American Samoa to an American Mormon missionary family of Samoan descent. He was raised in Laie, near the 1919 Mormon Laie Hawaii Temple. Tau was a graduate of McKinley High School and from his travels learned to speak 10 languages.
Reproduction is ovoviviparous.

Dezful County
<doc id="7349844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7349844" title="Zabol County">
