
In order to diagnose Bickerstaff's encephalitis, ataxia and ophthalmoplegia must be present. These are also diagnostic features of Miller Fisher syndrome, and so Bickerstaff's is only diagnosed if other features are present which exclude Miller Fisher syndrome. These may include drowsiness, coma or hyperreflexia. When the condition is defined in this way, a number of other features are commonly but not always found: among these are weakness of the limbs, the face, and/or the bulbar muscles; abnormalities of the pupils; and absent reflexes.
Tornike Okriashvili

WOWF (102.5 FM, "102.5 WOW Country") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Crossville, Tennessee, USA, the station is currently owned by Peg Broadcasting, LLC and features programing from Dial Global and Fox News Radio.

The fashion in the late Victorian era and Edwardian era was to present long evenings in the theatre, and so full-length pieces were often presented together with companion pieces. Each full-length work was normally accompanied by one or two short companion pieces. If the piece began the performance, it was called a curtain raiser. One that followed the full-length piece was called an afterpiece. W. J. MacQueen-Pope commented, concerning the curtain raisers:

Pinjarra Senior High School
History.
Applications can be submitted to St. James’ Settlement directly, or through any social welfare organizations. The volunteers of St. James’ Settlement are located all over 3 major territories of Hong Kong. Each application will be processed within 3 weeks upon submission. An application will be denied directly if requested appliances are not unavailable, already possessed by the applicant, or the applicant has a history of rejecting offers from SJS.
Guest on "Tumour"

In the Quarterfinals higher ranked temas eclipsed their lower ranked opponents in tight matches with defending champions Daniel Nestor / Nenad Zimonjić, Wesley Moodie / Dick Norman, Simon Aspelin / Paul Hanley all coming through. The upset in the Quarterfinals was when the team of Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan fell to the re-partnership of Mahesh Bhupathi / Max Mirnyi 11-9 in the final set. In the Semifinals it saw defending champions Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić make quick work of Wesley Moodie & Dick Norman with a 6-0, 6-4 victory. In the other Semifinals it saw 2003 champions Mahesh Bhupathi & Max Mirnyi scrapping through with a 6-3, 7-6(3) victory over Simon Aspelin & Paul Hanley. In the finals it saw top seed and defending champions Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić defending their title against the team of Mahesh Bhupathi & Max Mirnyi when Bhupathi retired due to a left leg injury at 6-4, 2-0 in favor of the Canadian-Serbian duo. This was Zimonjić's fourth title and Nestors second title in the tournament.
