
Antoine-Marie Bourdon (CC)
The 30 October 1626, Margareta was to have said "blasphemies" and called upon Satan; afterward, she claimed to have had a visit from seven high rank devils. 22 October, she said she was visited by three angels with burning candles, among them the Archangel Michael. She was then unconscious for 24 hours. When she awakened, she claimed that angels and devils had fought for her soul and that she had seen the "Glory of the Lord". Between 9 December 1626 and 3 January 1627, she said she had been visited by a litany of angels, and that she had now became their channel, and that what she said was in fact their words. Margareta now foretold that a miracle in Poland should create peace in the war, that a plague should come; she talked about the Sun and the stars and also about clothes, condemning the use of crinolines, big starch collars for vicars, many colors and that blue starch was the vomit of Satan while white starch was pleasing to the Lord.

West Liss


The following films received one or multiple awards:
In 1903, high school mathematics teacher Konstantin Tsiolkovsky (1857–1935) published "Исследование мировых пространств реактивными приборами" ("The Exploration of Cosmic Space by Means of Reaction Devices"), the first serious scientific work on space travel. The Tsiolkovsky rocket equation—the principle that governs rocket propulsion—is named in his honor (although it had been discovered previously). He also advocated the use of liquid hydrogen and oxygen as fuel, calculating their maximum exhaust velocity. His work was essentially unknown outside the Soviet Union, but inside the country it inspired further research, experimentation and the formation of the Society for Studies of Interplanetary Travel in 1924.


The Italian colonists in Albania were Italians who, between the two world wars, moved to Albania to colonize the Balkan country for the Kingdom of Italy.
He supported the establishment at the initiative of Lazare Weiller, who bought the patents of the Wright brothers and organized demonstration flights piloted by Wilbur Wright in Le Mans which began on 8 August 1908. Deutsch de la Meurthe also invested in aircraft builders Société Astra (1909) and Nieuport (1911).
A simple yet touching movie about the power of true love. The film starts with Henry Griffin (Dermot Mulroney) learning from his oncologist that his cancer has spread and that he only has one year, two at most, left to live. This discovery starts him on a journey of self-reflection which includes starting a novel and taking a psychology class at New York University. In this class, he meets Sarah Phoenix (Amanda Peet). He asks her on a date and after hesitation she comes. Then the two of them goof around and eventually stay up all night together watching the sunrise. Griffin believes they are close but Phoenix doesn't show as much interest. Although Phoenix sends Griffin the occasional mixed signals, the two team up for a whirlwind of adventurous and almost childlike activities. However Phoenix doesn't want to hurt Griffin or her self by falling in love because she's too weak to deal with it as she too has cancer and is also short of time. One day while at Griffin's house after their adventure, while cleaning she comes across his books on dying and "living life to the fullest" and comes to the conclusion that Griffin knows she's ill and is being nice only out of sympathy. She storms out and after their confrontation Griffin explains that the books belong to him and he too has cancer. This causes the two to fall ever more deeply for one another, and their relationship deepens. Together, they strive to make the most of their last days of life. However while exploring and making the most of their last days, Griffin explains how when he gets seriously ill he will just leave and he wishes for her to not come looking for him because it's something he feels he must do himself. But Phoenix is first to get sick and uses Griffin's same words against him. This deeply hurts Griffin and causes him to overact. Later, however, after realizing he was wrong, he decides he wants to spend the last moments of Phoenix's life with her anyhow. The movie ends with Griffin making 'Christmas' for Phoenix, as it is her favorite season and it would be their last holiday together.
Western New York Flash.
First round.
