On 12 February 2010, the day of the Olympic opening ceremonies, Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili was killed during a training run while reportedly going . This resulted in the men's singles event being moved to the women's singles and men's doubles start house while both the women's singles and men's doubles event were moved to the junior start house. During actual luge competition at the 2010 Winter Olympics, there were only two crashes, which resulted in one withdrawal. Skeleton races on 18–19 February had no crashes though two skeleton racers were disqualified for technical reasons. Bobsleigh competitions had crashes during all three events. This resulted in supplemental training for both the two-woman and the four-man event following crashes during the two-man event. Modifications were made to the track after the two-man event to lessen the frequency of crashes as well. A 20-page report was released by the FIL to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on 12 April 2010 and to the public on FIL's website on 19 April 2010 regarding Kumaritashvili's death. Safety concerns at Whistler have affected the track design for the Sliding Center Sanki that will be used for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. This includes track simulation and mapping to reduce top speeds by for the Sochi track.
- Responds to staffing requests for peace, governance or other missions from the UN, the OSCE, other international organizations, and non-profit organizations. In an emergency, CANADEM can forward candidates within 48 to 72 hours. Many can deploy within 7 to 10 days.
The TFN worked for ten years and, in September 1992, came to a final agreement with the Government of Canada. This agreement called for the separation of the Northwest Territories into an eastern territory whose Aboriginal population would be predominately Inuit, the future Nunavut, and a rump Northwest Territories in the west. It was the largest land claims agreement in Canadian history. In November 1992, the "Nunavut Final Agreement" was approved by nearly 85% of the Inuit of what would become Nunavut. As the final step in this long process, the "Nunavut Land Claims Agreement" was signed on May 25, 1993, in Iqaluit by Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and by Paul Quassa, the president of Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated, which replaced the TFN with the ratification of the Nunavut Final Agreement. The Canadian Parliament passed the supporting legislation in June of the same year, enabling the 1999 establishment of Nunavut as a territorial entity.
Moutonne is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The besieged group stay in the cave until the moon sets enough to place the cave mouth in darkness. Unknown to the besiegers, there is a small rear entrance to the cave. Using a rope of belts and turbans, they individually climb down from this to a valley beyond. However, before El Borak can escape, the Afridi holding the rope is killed by attacking Orakzai. He orders the Afridi to escape because the whole opposing force could be on them shortly. It is only when he returns to the cave mouth to find it still under enemy fire that he realises that the group at the rear must have been unofficial stragglers and Baber Ali knows nothing about the escape. El Borak has trapped himself in the cave with no remaining means of escape.
<doc id="15706507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15706507" title="Chartainvilliers">

