Post World War II.
In 1865 the American Consul General of Brunei, Charles Lee Moses, obtained a 10-year lease over North Borneo from the Sultan of Brunei Abdul Momin. Ownership was then passed to an American trading company owned by Joseph William Torrey, Thomas Bradley Harris, and some Chinese merchants. They set up a base and settlement in Kimanis and the Sultan of Brunei appointed Torrey as "The Rajah of Ambong and Marudu". His fortress "Ellena" was located in Kimanis with hundreds of Iban trackers led by Lingkanad. Torrey returned to America in 1877 and died near Boston, Massachusetts, in March 1884. The rights of the trading company were then sold to Gustav Baron Von Overbeck, the Austro-Hungarian Consul in Hong Kong (though he was actually a German national), and he later obtained another 10-year renewal of the lease. The lease was subsequently converted into a cession via a treaty which was signed by the Sultan of Brunei Abdul Momin. In the treaty, the Sultan appointed Overbeck as "Maharajah of Sabah and Rajah of Gaya and Sandakan." The treaty granted Overbeck the right over whole region of Sabah, including parts purporting to be the dominion of the Sulu Sultanate including Sandakan and Tawau. The treaty was signed on 29 December 1877 at the Brunei Palace.
In 2010, two more major incidents with North Korea would occur under the Obama Administration: the sinking of a South Korean Navy Ship that actuated new rounds of military exercises with South Korea as a direct military response to sinking and the Bombardment of Yeonpyeong prompting the US Navy aircraft carrier to depart for joint exercises in the Yellow Sea with the Republic of Korea Navy, in part to deter further North Korean military action. In light of the geopolitical developments with North Korea, the Obama Administration has dubbed the U.S.-South Korean alliance as a "cornerstone of US security in the Pacific Region."

<doc id="24363604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24363604" title="Austrophilus">

The Hua county is located in the southmost part of Anyang. To its north lies Neihuang County, also in Anyang; to its east Puyang County in Puyang; to its south the counties of Changyuan and Fengqiu, both in Xinxiang; to its west Xinxiang's Yanjin County and Hebi's Xun County.
De libero arbitrio may refer to:
The Little Green Man was animated cartoon about a boy called Sydney Keets who befriends an alien it was created by Matthew Smith and narrated by Jon Pertwee of Dr Who fame.
Miller briefly worked as a freelance journalist and as a shipping clerk in a New York City mercantile. In 1880, he returned to teaching as "Professor of History and Mental Philosophy" at Pennington Seminary in Pennington, New Jersey. Miller was also a lay minister in the Methodist denomination, and his sermons were so popular that he left the pulpit for the lecture platform. Among his "popular lectures" were "The Uses of Ugliness", "Our Country's Possibilities and Perils", "The Self-Sufficiency of the Republic", and "The Reveries of a Bachelor". Miller had a very casual style of dressing and rarely wore a hat, which was very unusual for American men at the time. When he did wear a hat, it was usually his antiquated white beaver hat. His dress and his wit often led others to characterize him as a humorous lecturer, which he did not like. "I am not a humorous lecturer," he stated, "Things present themselves to me in a certain light. I state them as I see them. For some reason or other people laugh. But I am not a humorous lecturer!"

A current artistic endeavor of openstage is the creation of Rabbit Hole Radio, original radio serials being created for regional broadcast with the potential for national syndication.


<doc id="24371499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24371499" title="SS West Humhaw">
The Flat Iron Building in Chicago Heights, Illinois, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003. It was torn down in 2009.
Cognitive functioning is a term referring to a human’s ability to process thoughts that should not deplete on a large scale in healthy individuals. Cognition mainly refers to things like memory, the ability to learn new information, speech, understanding of written material. The brain is usually capable of learning new skills in the aforementioned areas, typically in early childhood, and of developing personal thoughts and beliefs about the world. Old age and disease may affect cognitive function, causing memory loss and trouble thinking of the right words while speaking or writing ("drawing a blank"). Multiple sclerosis (MS), for example, can eventually cause memory loss, an inability to grasp new concepts or information, and depleted verbal fluency. Not all with the condition will experience this side effect, and most will retain their general intellect and the ability.

Special schools.
Mary regretted the act immediately. She enters into a soliloquy about her sin, at one point making a veiled allusion to the author by name, wishing she had been true to his writings. Finally, she concluded "I am a sinner full of sordid uncleanness - how shall I even try to speak with my holy uncle? If I even dared to attempt it, wouldn't a blast of fire burst from him to burn me to ashes?" and left her uncle without a word.
References
There are many other health behaviors that are present in different rates in the Native American demographic. Out of all races and ethnic groups, Native Americans have the highest rate of smoking. As of 2008, about 32.2% of Native American adults smoked. This is in contrast to a rate of 21.8% for white adults. The high prevalence of smoking is also present in the Native American youth, as 23.1% of the youth smoke. Additionally, Native Americans had the highest rate of smoking during pregnancy, at 17.8%. Smoking itself plays into Native American culture, therefore it is a challenging health concern. Other health behaviors that contribute to the current health status include the high rates of obesity and generally low rates of physical activity.
Wilmot Perkins

