History.

Condegram spiral plot

Domesday recorded an early church at Snitterley, but its location is unknown, and it may not have been the present site of St Nicholas. There are scheduled monument and Grade II listed ruins of a medieval building in the salt marshes north of the present town described as "Blakeney Chapel", but, despite the name, it now seems likely that this was a domestic dwelling rather than a religious edifice. Another possible chapel site east of the Glaven was shown on an 1835 map, but there is no documentation to support that identification.
Finnish Women's Cup
Members of the consortium began to pull out in April 1981. By the summer of 1981 both Wallace Arnold and Grey-Green left the group; by the end of the year, both were operating joint services with National Express. However, Barton Transport and Excelsior Coaches joined in their place. The total number of services was not reduced, although some destinations were no longer served, while others were introduced to the network for the first time.
David Unger

With a capacity of up to 231 passengers, these trams are operated on the busiest routes and during peak hours; due to their bidirectional capability they are also frequently used on routes without termini and during track maintenance for continued operation on only one track in both directions.
After Balchen had investigated the accident site from the plane, a party of five climbers started at 18:00 to climb the mountain side. When they reached the shelf, they found two bodies, a large amount of post and parts from the plane, including a wing. The bodies were sent down the mountain side. They then attempted to climb further up to the main wreck where the last three bodies were presumed to be, but this was deemed too dangerous by Balchen, and the operation terminated. "Mira" returned to Bergen at 02:00. The following day, four people attempted to climb down the mountain face to reach the wreck. Magnus Nipen was lowered , but it was impossible to descend the remaining . Balchen concluded that it was impossible to reach the aircraft, and returned to Oslo the same afternoon.
This season saw the Scottish Football League debut of Meadowbank Thistle.
Einstein himself considered the introduction of the cosmological term in his 1917 paper founding cosmology as a "blunder". The theory of general relativity predicted an expanding or contracting universe, but Einstein wanted a universe which is an unchanging three-dimensional sphere, like the surface of a three-dimensional ball in four dimensions. 
"Keep Your Head Up" is the debut single by American singer-songwriter Andy Grammer from his debut album "Andy Grammer". It debuted at #94 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and since reached #53. The song was RIAA-certified Platinum, for sales of over 1 million downloads, in 2011. It also entered the charts in New Zealand, Canada, France, Belgium and the Netherlands. The song was released in the UK on March 12, 2012, but failed to chart.
In 1998, five of the class 93 locomotives were leased to Magadi Rail, a subsidiary of the Magadi Soda Company. They were used to operate soda ash trains from Magadi along the branch line to Konza, which is also leased to Magadi Rail. In 2007, they were returned to their owner.

