This type of boundary condition is used where boundary values of pressure are known and the exact details of the flow distribution are unknown. This includes pressure inlet and outlet conditions mainly. Typical examples that utilize this boundary condition include buoyancy driven flows, internal flows with multiple outlets, free surface flows and external flows around objects. An example can be of flow outlet into atmosphere where pressure is atmospheric.


<doc id="41001010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41001010" title="Kalin Khuni">
The tract at the corner of Fourth Ave. and Lockwood Blvd. was sold to American Mortgage Investment Co. in September 1963 for $61,000. A condition on the sale required at least $500,000 in improvements to be started within two years of the sale. Work began on the building in August 1964 following plans by Lyles, Bissett, Carlylses & Wolff of Columbia, South Carolina. The first floor houses commercial space catering to the needs of residents, and the uppermost floor housed machinery, leaving twelve floors of occupied space. Rent was originally set between $95 and $182 per month.
Jesús Iglesias Cortés
Historical-grammatical method in Biblical literalist chronology.



In late 2013 and early 2014 opposition against Krakow's bid for Olympic Games has gathered momentum. As of 30 March 2014, "Kraków Przeciwko Igrzyskom" ("Krakow Against Games") initiative has won support of over 17.300 Facebook users and gathered over 7900 signatures under an online petition calling for referendum over the bid. Main concerns raised by the critics are expected exorbitant costs, likely cost overruns and the resulting rise in Krakow's debt, as well as the need to build sport facilities of little use beyond the games, in contrast to limited interest of Krakow city authorities in spending public money to improve the quality of life of the population. It has been brought to attention in the national press that the overall economic benefits of holding Olympic games are doubtful, local and national public authorities are almost always laden with excessive debt in result, while the only parties actually benefitting from the Games seem to be the International Olympic Committee and national committees. Criticism voiced by opponents of the Games was partly confirmed already when the Games application has been lodged in mid-March 2014. In difference to previous estimates, the Games application does not include several previously planned transport infrastructure projects, while spending on sport factilities is to be significantly higher than previously planned.
