Results.
Lord Hutton agreed with Lord Nicholls and Lord Millett.

<doc id="35818912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35818912" title="SIC/XE">

Van der Wiel
The monastic community was always quite small. In 1480, only the commander, the prior and six knights lived there. In keeping with the Rule of Life of the Order, the knights at the commandery were responsible for providing pastoral care to the people of the area, operating a pilgrims' hospital and caring for the poor. The commander of Münchenbuchsee often was also appointed the head of the Thunstetten Commandery.
Once a thriving village, Bradwardine basically disappeared after WWII. It had suffered losses from two fires in the early 1900s. The railway and the school were both lost after the Second World War.
Shute Park Plaza is a shopping center located in Hillsboro, in the U.S. state of Oregon. Situated along Tualatin Valley Highway, the 18-tenant center takes its name from Shute Park, which is located across the highway. The land the mall sits on was once part of the park, housing a baseball diamond. Shute Park Plaza opened in 1985 at a cost of $6 million.
The younger Socrates is best remembered for his depiction in Plato's "Statesman", and scholars have theorized that he had ties to Academic and Pythagorean philosophy.
Neighbourhoods.
The James.
A microculture depends on the smallest units of organisation – dyads, groups, or local communities – as opposed to the broader subcultures of race or class, and the wider national/global culture, compared to which they tend also to be more short-lived, as well as voluntarily chosen. The study of kinesics – the nonverbal behavior of the small gathering – can be used to illuminate the dynamics of a given microculture.

In 1993, he was incardinated in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Parramatta where he was appointed as Judicial Vicar (1991-1997); diocesan administrator "sede vacante" (1997); and Vicar General and Moderator of the Curia (1998-2012). In the Diocese of Parramatta, he was also the Episcopal Vicar for Consecrated Life and for the Pastoral Care of Health Workers.

Trush, Albania
<doc id="35830948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35830948" title="Charles Matthews (Texas politician)">
History.
Riku () may refer to:
<doc id="35832913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35832913" title="Harry Fletcher">
The permissible level of fuel sulfur in India, in 2002, was 0.25 percent by weight as against 0.10 percent for gasoline. The higher levels of sulfur can deactivate the catalyst. Once the catalyst becomes deactivated, the amount of pollution from the vehicle dramatically increases. Fuel adulteration is essentially an unintended consequence of tax policies and the attempt to control fuel prices, in the name of fairness. Air pollution is the ultimate result. This problem is not unique to India, but prevalent in many developing countries including those outside of south Asia. This problem is largely absent in economies that do not regulate the ability of fuel producers to innovate or price based on market demand.

In December 2011, the Group’s wholly owned subsidiary Horizon Globex was awarded certifications for ISO 9001 and 20000-1, the worldwide standards for assuring quality in the products
Death of Kalinka Bamberski and investigation in Germany.
The B53 is a relatively short road linking the village of Garrison, County Fermanagh and the B52 (which links Belleek to Belcoo) and then continues along the shores of Lough Melvin and over the border towards Rossinver and Manorhamilton in County Leitrim as the R282.

