"Scene 4: The First Evening at the Hotel"
Carnations have come to represent Mother's Day since Anna Jarvis delivered 500 of them at the first celebration in 1908. Many religious services held later adopted the custom of giving away carnations. This also started the custom of wearing a carnation on Mother's Day. The founder, Anna Jarvis, chose the carnation because it was the favorite flower of her mother. In part due to the shortage of white carnations, and in part due to the efforts to expand the sales of more types of flowers in Mother's Day, florists invented the idea of wearing a red carnation if your mother was living, or a white one if she was dead; this was tirelessly promoted until it made its way into the popular observations at churches.
Some of the most famous people with this name include:
A class of companies produce Video Management Software to help manage capture and storage of video content. Digital video also makes possible Video Content Analysis, which allows automatic detection and identification of various kinds of objects or motion.
As the Archbishop of Vienna and the head of the Catholic Church in Austria, Schönborn has faced an open and highly publicized rebellion by a movement of Austrian dissident clergy known as the "Pfarrer Initiative" or "Priests' Initiative". The group, formed in 2005, and comprising about 10% of the Austrian clergy, has been publicly advocating a number of radical religious reforms, such as ordination of women, allowing priests to marry, allowing divorced Catholics and non-Catholic Christians to receive communion, and others. In 2011 the Pfarrer Initiative attracted considerable attention with the publication of the group's manifesto called "Call to Disobedience". Archbishop Schönborn met with the supporters of the Pfarrer Initiative but, in June 2012 he publicly reaffirmed the official position of the Vatican on the issues raised by the dissident group and directed that no priest expressing support for the "Call to Disobedience" be allowed to hold any administrative post in the Austrian Catholic Church. In September 2012 Schönborn again "backed celibacy for priests, limiting ordination to men and preserving marriage as a life-long commitment" and reiterated a warning to the dissident clergy that they faced serious consequences if they continued to advocate disobedience to the Vatican.

A motte and bailey castle was erected in 1132. The stone castle was built during the reign of King Henry III by the family of Berengar Le Moyne. In the English Civil War it was used by its owner, Sir Edward Montagu, as an arsenal for the Royal cause. After the civil war the Montagu family built a substantial manor house, Barnwell Manor, near the castle.
The Benedictine Abbey of Altorf.
Flora and fauna.
