In 1993, BWF received a $400 million gift from the Wellcome Trust that enabled it to become a completely independent foundation, with no direct ties to its funding company. The stated mission of BWF is to advance the medical sciences by supporting research and other scientific and educational activities. Aided by the Trust’s gift, BWF now pursues an enhanced role in biomedical research in the United States and has expanded its support to include Canada. Today, BWF seeks to accomplish two primary goals through its programs: to help outstanding scientists early in their careers develop as independent investigators, and to advance fields in the basic medical sciences that are undervalued or in need of particular encouragement. 

Dreicer’s scholarly research and publications investigate building as a process, rather than buildings as objects. His work, focused on the early development in the United States and Europe of building processes and long-span and high-rise design, demonstrates the crucial role of construction in the history of industrialization. This transnational investigation of design in action demonstrates how the fundamental ideas that shape understandings of technology—nationalism, evolutionism, and progress—are entwined in the process of invention itself. In articles such as "Nouvelles inventions: l’interchangeabilité et le génie national" in "Culture Technique" and "Influence and Intercultural Exchange: the Case of Engineering Schools and Civil Engineering Works in the Nineteenth Century" in "History and Technology", Dreicer explores invention as a process of exchange between cultures while emphasizing the thinking behind the history of architecture and building. In articles such as "Building Myths: The ‘Evolution’ from Wood to Iron in the Construction of Bridges and Nations" in "Perspecta", Dreicer explores the impact of evolutionary metaphors and nationalism on understandings of technology. In "Building Bridges and Boundaries: The Lattice and the Tube, 1820-1860" in "Technology and Culture" he analyzes the relationship between the construction of engineering infrastructure and national identity.
Usage of console exclusivity in industry.
Trial by Jury
In the phrase "pea-soup fog," the implied comparison may have been to "yellow" pea soup: "...the yellow fog hung so thick and heavy in the streets of London that the lamps were lighted" (Frances Hodgson Burnett, "A Little Princess", 1892); "The yellow fog that rubs its back upon the window-panes," (T. S. Eliot, "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock", 1917); "London had been reeking in a green-yellow fog" (Winston Churchill, "A Traveller in War-Time", 1918); "the brown fog of a winter dawn" (T. S. Eliot, "The Waste Land" (1922); "a faint yellow fog" (Stella Benson, "This is the End"). Inez Haynes Irwin, writing in "The Californiacs" (1921), praises what was then the superior quality of California fog, saying it is "Not distilled from pea soup like the London fogs; moist air-gauzes rather, pearl-touched and glimmering."
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The natives of South America are said to fear the stingray more than the piranha. However, they are not aggressive fish and not dangerous unless stepped on or otherwise threatened.

Ecclestone dated British billionaire James Stunt for four years before they married on 27 August 2011 at Odescalchi Castle, near Rome, at an event attended by royals, socialites and celebrities. The wedding reportedly cost £12 million and the bride's Vera Wang dress £80,000. The couple signed a pre-nuptial agreement before their wedding. In February 2013, Petra gave birth to the couple's first child, in the UK. The couple describe themselves as "virtually teetotal". 
