Role of Māori.
Newport Beach, CA 92660
<doc id="21700797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21700797" title="Karl von Heygendorff">
“Changing the fortunes of America's workforce: A human capital challenge”, McKinsey Global Institute, June 2009
The development of the Ørestad area (the sixth finger) was made by following, in some extent, the concepts of the original finger plan which had as its structure the regional rail system. This model is possible to be linked with the concept of transport oriented development (TOD), in which urban growth areas were developed along five radial corridors that connect Copenhagen inner city with new sub-urban settlements. These new urbanization rapidly attracted residents who came from Copenhagen city looking for more affordable housing options. As a consequence of this displacement of residents out of the city, the Municipality tax based was near to collapse and its economic situation worsened over the time.
"Colour Me Free!" received positive reviews from most music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 67, based on 7 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". "The Observer"s Hugh Montgomery called it a "decent comeback [...] which eschews her last LP's hip-hop leanings for more straightforward retro soul funk", adding that "what most impresses is her voice, which has acquired emotional resonance to match its size." Jim Farber of the "NY Daily News" perceived the album as a "considerable leap ahead" for Stone and stated that it showcases "a far more stripped-down sound than before, which leaves more room for Stone's newly grounded vocals to shine." Mark Edward Nero of About.com commented that on "Colour Me Free!", Stone "further expands her creativity and songwriting abilities and has come up with an album that fuses the old-school Soul feel of her first two albums with the hip-hop influences of her third record. The result is a great balance of well-written, beautifully sung and expertly-produced new-school Soul songs that, when put together, make up the best album of her career so far." Graham Rockingham of "Metro News" raved that the album has "a sonic depth that you can reach in and caress, which is something you can usually only find on old Stax or Muscle Shoals LPs. Yet Stone manages to merge her '60s leanings with more contemporary sounds on songs like 'Could Have Been You' and, with the help of rapper Nas, on 'Governmentalist'." Dan Aquilante of the "New York Post" wrote that the album presents Stone "at her bluesy, soul-singer best", citing "I Believe It to My Soul" and "Parallel Lines" as standout songs. "People" magazine gave the album three out of four stars and noted that it shows that Stone is "still coming into her own as an artist, catching up to that big voice she's always had". L. Kent Wolgamott of the "Lincoln Journal Star" gave the album a rating of A-, describing its tracks as "warm and vital, ranging from vintage '60s soul to contemporary R&B, finger-snapping up-tempo numbers, some tinges of funk and sultry ballads", while naming Stone a "blue-eyed soul heir to the great Dusty Springfield".
"Dronning Maud" set off from Sørreisa at around 1130hrs on 1 May 1940, arriving at Foldvik three to four hours later in calm seas and sunshine. As the ship was about to dock with the small wharf on her port side two or three aircraft of the German Lehrgeschwader 1 made a low-level attack with bombs and machine gun fire on the Norwegian steamer. Seven bombs were dropped from the aircraft, with two being direct hits, one between the funnel and the bridge, the other just aft of the fore cargo hatch. The first bomb entered the engine room and blew out the ship's sides and the second exploded in the bottom of the hull. The first bomb killed everyone in the refrigeration room, four men and three women. As the crew and passengers tried to abandon ship only one or two boats could be lowered into the water due to the fire that had broken out on board. The fire also threatened to destroy the wooden wharf at Foldvik, until a local fishing boat managed to pull the burning ship some distance away from shore. "Dronning Maud" drifted a short distance, then ran aground, burned and sank listing to port.
Asa Taccone
