The Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing at UC Berkeley is a research institute which focuses on applying theoretical computer science to scientific problems in a variety of fields. It is named after James Harris Simons, whose foundation donated $60 million to establish it in 2012. Initial research focuses will include evolution, the immune system, maintaining privacy while doing data analysis, and climate modelling. Richard M. Karp will be the founding director, while Google will be the founding industrial partner.
It was created for the 1867 election. Its final election was in 1886. It disappeared in the 1890 election and its successor electoral districts were Montréal division no. 1, Montréal division no. 2 and Montréal division no. 3.

A hayrake table is a distinct pattern of table produced as part of the English Arts and Crafts movement in the early part of the twentieth century.
Diakhandara may refer to:
Denmark used a series of numerals (to 286) within three concentric circles. Some duplex obliterators were used. They were all withdrawn in 1873.
Her main concern still remains in providing quality care to those living with the HIV infection, which she has done through founding and managing a care home for HIV-positive children and women. As a strong advocate for the sexual health and rights of the LGBT community, Anjali spearheaded the eight year legal battle against Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). In 2001, her organization filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) to decriminalize homosexuality and put an end to the archaic law under which individuals were harassed and discriminated against based on their sexual orientation. The Delhi High Court ruled in favour of Naz India in 2009 and declared Section 377 an infringement on individual rights.
Then, a man completely painted orange comes onto the scene, who runs around the men and then taps the man with the Tango can on the back. The man turns around, then the orange man slaps him across the cheeks, and then runs off. 
Based on the huge success of the show, was renewed on Norwegian TV 2 for a second season. The invitees for the second season were Morten Abel, Marion Raven (or in Norwegian Ravn), Ole Paus, Anita Skorgan, Magnus Grønneberg, Kurt Nilsen and Lene Marlin.
