Ron Howden

Despite testing in Sydney and Melbourne as early as 1999, the first genuine plan for digital radio was released in October 2005, as Helen Coonan, the then Australian Minister for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, announced that Australia would adopt the Eureka 147 system. The Australian Government had set a launch date for digital radio in the six state capital cities, originally 1 January 2009, but this launch date was subsequently shifted back to no later than 1 July 2009 and the list of cities starting digital radio excluded Hobart. The peak industry body, Commercial Radio Australia, began coordinating the tests as well as organising the commercial multiplexes.
Ahmad Sa'd

Apevia Corporation is a computer chassis, power supply, cooling and accessories company founded in March 1999. The company was known as Aspire International Corporation before changing their name in June 2006 due to confusion with other similarly named products and services.
Tourist Resorts/Spots of Attraction.
Activities.
Hall began his career as a drummer in 1965, while still in high school. He played with the Bar-Kays band and Isaac Hayes's band The Movement. In the seventies, as part of the Stax-Volt Recording Section Team from 1968–77, Hall backed dozens of major Stax artists on recordings, including The Emotions, Little Milton, Carla and Rufus Thomas, Johnnie Taylor, The Staple Singers, Albert King and Isaac Hayes. Hall produced Hayes' last Stax album, and did percussion on Hayes' albums "Hot Buttered Soul" and "The Isaac Hayes Movement", as well as his "Theme from Shaft".


Established by Congress on November 15 and 16, 1924, under the chairmanship of George Thibout and involving 200 delegates, the PDP supported the desire to achieve "a task in bringing reconciliation around the idea of Republicanism" by the definition of "new Republican faith" The Popular Democrats advocated that religion was not and should not be a line between right and left. However, the PDP oriented itself to the centre-right in direct competition to the Republican Federation, the party from which most of the PDP's members came from and where social Catholics concentrated since the demise of the ALP.
The Mästermyr chest is an important Viking-era artefact from Sweden.
Events.

Glenleith.
Adolf Brand.
<doc id="22883713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22883713" title="9th Alberta Legislature">
On February 8, 1990, Ross died at the age of 85 of complications arising from brain surgery. His two ex-wives would die within 24 hours of one another the following year.
Medical History Museum may refer to:
The charity’s mission is to tackle the injustice of poverty. It offers a variety of direct and indirect services to residents of Southwark and the wider London area. Direct services include: a law centre; advocacy; youth empowerment; education; projects for people with learning difficulties; and employability training. Indirect services include: office and meeting space for hire; local neighbourhood resource; and support for the voluntary sector. 

<doc id="22887753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22887753" title="1992 Peruvian Segunda División">
The 1947 Campeonato de Selección y Competencia, the top category of Peruvian football at the time, was played by 8 teams. The national champion was Atlético Chalaco. Sporting Tabaco and Universitario de Deportes refused to play a relegation playoff. Hence no team was relegated and the first division grew to 9 teams for 1948. 
Bihar was an important part of India's struggle for independence. Gandhi became the mass leader only after the Champaran Satyagraha that he launched on the repeated request of a local leader, Raj Kumar Shukla, he was supported by great illumanaries like Dr. Rajendra Prasad, Dr. Anugrah Narayan Sinha and Brajkishore Prasad.


Homedale, New Zealand
This was the first season for Nebraska in the Big 12 Conference, which took on that name after adding four schools from the disbanded Southwest Conference; the conference had been known as the Big Eight Conference since 1964, and was the Missouri Valley Intercollegiate Athletic Association before that. Nebraska was placed in the North Division with the four other Midwest schools in the conference, plus Colorado, all of which were in the conference prior to 1996; the Oklahoma schools joined with the former SWC members (all of which were in Texas) to form the South Division.
The ranger station includes four wood frame buildings dating to the 1930s as well as a variety of more recent structures. The first Baker Ranger Station was built in 1911, amounting to four rooms and regarded as unsightly. It was removed by the time new structures were built, beginning with a 1935 cottage, followed by an office, barn and garage-fire cache structure. The cottage was based on U.S. Forest Service Plan R-4, No. 23, the office on R-4, No. 4, and the barn R-4, No. 13B. The buildings were built by men on the local relief rolls. Other infrastructure items at the compound were built by Civilian Conservation Corps labor.
2007 Tris Vonna-Michell, Witte de With, Rotterdam
<doc id="22898001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22898001" title="Myrtle Grove, California">
Adding together these percentage contributions gives 4% + 3.2% + 2.4% = 9.6%,
"St Fiorenzo" was one of the ships caught up in the mutiny at the Nore, but was one of the few ships to remain loyal to her commander. She subsequently escaped to Harwich after enduring musket and grapeshot fire from the mutinous ships that left four of the crew wounded.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moths are on wing from May to August depending on the location.
Climate.
