

workshops, lead by Chicago, were held in the Living Room of the house. Ideas for pieces were derived from "informal working sessions", in which the women acted out aspects of their lives.
The originally thatched, but now-shingled, roof has shallow eaves and gables that connect directly to the chimneys. The three fireplaces in the cottage are constructed of random stones with mortar joints raised and rounded. The fireplace in the center of the cottage features an inset stone plaque in memory of Burns. Of the three doors on the front of the cottage, only one is used. The cottage’s uncommonly small windows reflect one particular Scottish practice of taxation in which homeowners were taxed according to the dimensions of their home’s window openings. 
The Gold mining industry has brought several large scale foreign mining companies to the Kédougou area. This has been a source of tension with some local residents who point to a lack of jobs available to locals. In late 2008, protests over the practices of Gold mines in the region turned violent. On 23 December a protest march culminated in the burning of government buildings and the security forces firing on demonstrators. The next several days saw widespread destruction of property, looting, and according to a Senegalese Human Rights group, the mass arrest and torture of suspects. There were also reports that many residents fled the town, some as far as Guinea. Security forces reported one dead, 23 civilians and 10 gendarmes wounded.
Let It Die is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Feist. It was recorded in Paris during 2002 and 2003 and released in 2004. The album combines jazz, bossa nova and indie rock.
Italy national team.

TCAD
In 1961, Tanganyika became independent, under the leadership of Julius Nyerere and in 1964 joined with Zanzibar to form the United Republic of Tanzania. Also in 1964, Northern Rhodesia was granted independence as Zambia, under the leadership of Kenneth Kaunda. Both Nyerere and Kaunda were charismatic socialist African leaders who supported the self-determination of their African neighbors.
In media:
<doc id="1607701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1607701" title="Paul Hinman">
Dam (barrage de Tignes).
WBRS also has a 25+ year history of live music performances on the air. "The Joint", featuring mostly electric rock, has aired weekly during the school year during that entire time, save for a six-month outage when the studios were moved across campus in 2003. A recently developed show "The Joint Talk", features interviews and unplugged performances. In Winter 2007-08, the "WBRS Coffeehouse" was reinstated after a hiatus of several years. Airing Friday mornings, this show features acoustic bands live on the air.
Welega Province
The handsome pillared Palm Court became the reference library, and the restaurant a staff bar and refreshment room. In 1980, the BBC unsuccessfully applied for planning permission to demolish the building and replace it with an office development designed by Norman Foster. In 1986, the BBC sold the property to the Ladbroke Group, who later purchased the non-US Hilton Hotels, for £26 million and eventually reopened the hotel as the Langham Hilton in 1991 after a £100 million refurbishment. New owners extended the hotel and carried out other refurbishments between 1998 and 2000. Further renovation took place between 2004 and 2009, at an estimated cost of £80 million, bringing the hotel back to the status of its grand past and maintaining the quintessential English feel and level of sophistication of its early days.
Leleti Khumalo received a Tony Award nomination, Best Featured Actress in a Musical, as well as a NAACP Image Award for her Broadway theatre portrayal of the title character. The production was also nominated for the Tony Award for: Best Musical, Best Original Score, Best Choreography, and Best Direction of a Musical.
<doc id="1609179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1609179" title="Lumpectomy">
<doc id="1609494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1609494" title="IAR 79">
They are 10 to 12 day Camps in which a cadet can learn the basics like What is NCC?, What are its Aims?, Firing skills etc. & it is very important for new NCC Cadets.
As the leader of Common Cause, Pingree strengthened the organization's programs in media reform and elections, while maintaining programs in ethics and money in politics. Among the specific issues she championed at Common Cause are Net Neutrality; Mandatory Voter-Verified Paper Ballots; Public Financing of Congressional Elections; National Popular Vote (a work-around of the 
