Plot to assassinate Thaksin Shinawatra.

Mayfield is home to a number of clubs and student groups:
<doc id="6674690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6674690" title="MIT Chemistry Department">
Midland Avenue Collegiate Institute (also known as Midland Avenue CI, MA, MACI, Midland CI, or Midland; formerly Midland Avenue Secondary School) is a Toronto District School Board-owned alternative learning complex in Scarborough, Ontario, Canada as the Midland Avenue Learning Centre consisting of Scarborough Centre for Alternative Studies (SCAS), South East Year Round Alternative Centre (SEYRAC), and Caring and Safe Schools Midland program. Formerly a regular public high school, it opened in 1962 for the Scarborough Board of Education until its closure in 2000 due to low enrolment.

Three children named Alex, Kelly, and Benji and their Auntie Annabella go to visit their Great Uncle Rubato in his Marvelous Musical Mansion where the music boxes come to life, the hat rack sings and dances, and the door knocker requires you to solve a riddle before you enter. However, in the darkness of the night, several small but important items vanish, requiring the children to locate the thief. Each segment teaches the viewer about musical theory or terminology.
The history of Hamburg begins with its foundation in the 9th century as a mission settlement to convert the Saxons. Since the Middle Ages Hamburg was an important trading centre in Europe. The convenient location of the port and its independence as a city and state for centuries strengthened this position.
Despite producing at record levels between 1921 and 1925, making around 1000 cars a year, Star was still not making much of a profit on their sales. The company continued to release upgraded new models but the time spent making the components and assembling the cars meant Star cars were very expensive in comparison to companies such as Austin and Morris. The mass production techniques embraced by these companies allowed them to produce their cars a much cheaper prices, so while Star continued to produce cars of the same quality and reliability they eventually found themselves squeezed out of the market. Combined with the recession of the late 1920s this meant that Star could only produce 105 cars in 1927.
Thames Valley Rugby Football Union was founded in 1921 when it broke away from the Auckland Rugby Football Union. 
The start date for SWPF operations has been delayed (from 2009 to 2013) to allow for modification of the SWPF preliminary design to incorporate a higher degree of performance category (PC)in the confinement barriers necessary for worker protection during natural phenomena hazard events. The Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board initially identified concerns related to the PC designations of the SWPF in August, 2004. DOE agreed in November,
2001 - 2004 - Azair Ramos da Silva
Diacritics.
At the time the school was built, the surrounding area of Northwest Columbus was experiencing tremendous growth. The need for a new school became apparent as nearby Whetstone High School had become very crowded. A considerable portion of the land around the school was undeveloped at the time of opening, but was rapidly built up in the ensuing years. A rivalry has developed between Centennial and Whetstone due to the splitting of Whetstone's district and the fact that many students in both buildings attended lower grades together. As the building opened in the year of the United States Bicentennial, the building was so named as a patriotic gesture, as was Independence High School, which opened at the same time.
Lock bumping
On his return to the Australian mainland, Pocket Watch contested the New South Wales Derby. Although the race organisers had granted Pocket Watch a place in the final, his owner elected to run the horse in the qualifiers. He finished third in the qualifier, being apparently unsuited by the slow early pace.

Notable roles.
Commissioned by Patterson, John Charles Olmsted was responsible for the layout of Park Drive's landscape. This boulevard once adorned a fountain centerpiece and waterway running through its middle. 
The use of different frames of reference has a far-reaching effect on the cognition. For instance, in order to be able to communicate in a language with absolute frame of reference the speakers have to run a kind of a mental compass, a remarkable neurocognitive capacity allowing the speakers to identify cardinal directions even in unfamiliar locations.
The Florida Public Service Commission consists of five members selected for their knowledge and experience in one or more fields substantially related to the duties and functions of the Commission. These fields include economics, accounting, engineering, finance, natural resource conservation, energy, public affairs, and law.
Looking back on his role, over the last 33 years, Orman commented "If I could boast of no other major career accomplishment, having played a central role as I have in the development and continuation of this landmark series would alone have made my life sufficiently meaningful. The historical significance of Sesame Street and its surprising longevity have made my association with the show, in many regards, my life's crowning achievement." However, Orman doesn't credit "Sesame Street" as having defined himself personally and his overall career; The Free Southern Theater of New Orleans and The New Lafayette Theatre of Harlem collectively take that honor.
<doc id="6689472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6689472" title="L3/35">

