
The building that would become Hamilton Hall was originally opened as a hotel in 1895 to capitalise on the rapid expansion of St Andrews as a popular tourist destination. The Grand Hotel was in a prime location to take advantage of two of the city's attractions: golf and sea bathing. Indeed, the hotel soon became very successful and even managed to attract royal clientele in the early years of the twentieth century. However, the hotel was requisitioned by the armed forces during the Second World War and never reopened as a hotel. Following the end of the war, there was a proposal to sell the building to the Roman Catholic Church as a residence and seminary. This plan caused much alarm among the more traditional Presbyterians in the town and was soon abandoned. 
• Karlovac

Kashdan was U.S. Open Champion in 1938 (jointly with Al Horowitz) at Boston, and in 1947 at Corpus Christi. Kashdan also tied 2nd-4th places in the U.S. Open at Baltimore 1948 with 9/12, half a point behind Weaver Adams.
Hellenic Centre for Diseases Control and Prevention
Coaching.
The elfin woods warbler ("Setophaga angelae") is a bird endemic to the Caribbean island of Puerto Rico where it is a local and uncommon species. Discovered in 1968 and described in 1972, it is the most recently described species of New World warbler (Parulidae family). The species name, "angelae", is a tribute to Angela Kepler, one of its discoverers. An insectivore, it feeds by gleaning small insects off leaves.
The story then recounts a story from centuries ago, recalling the famous sculptors Kalos and Musides, whose works were praised throughout the known world. One day, the Tyrant of Syracuse invited Kalos and Musides to compete in the creation of "a wonder of nations and a goal of travelers". While working on their sculptures, Kalos fell ill, much to the dismay of Musides.
Washam performed with a temporarily reunited Scratch Acid in the Touch and Go Records 25th anniversary concert, which took place on September 9, 2006, in Chicago, Illinois. The Chicago show also spawned two other reunion shows: in Austin, Texas prior to the Touch and Go Records 25th anniversary concert, and September 16, 2006, in Seattle, Washington. 
Approaches to running.
As of 2012, five rural localities in Omsk Oblast bear this name:
As it has been since 2005, University Medical Center, Tucson is one of Solucient's Top 100 Hospitals.
Civil War.
