Christie Lee Woods
In 2004, one of its founders, Steve Kurtz, was arrested on suspicion of bioterrorism. On the morning of 11 May 2004, he woke to find that his wife Hope had died in her sleep. After calling 911, police became suspicious after noticing his biology lab which he kept in his own home. They contacted the FBI and Kurtz was detained for 24 hours before being interrogated and his house searched for biohazardous materials. The house was given the all clear, yet a week later, Kurtz’s CAE collaborators were ordered to appear before a grand jury to investigate possible violations of the law regarding biological weapons. The jury met in July 2004 and cleared Kurtz of all “bioterrorism” charges, however the FBI continued to press charges against the artist and the case dragged on for four years. The case was widely covered in the US and international press, and sparked outrage among artists and scientists worldwide. A website was created for people to donate money to help Kurtz pay his mounting legal fees. The case was dismissed in 2008. -- CAE DEFENSE FUND -- According to Nicola Triscott, the FBI ‘thought they had a situation out of which they could manufacture a terrorism case, which potentially brought great personal rewards’, based upon the ‘Lackawanna Six Sleeper Cell’ case where six Yemeni Americans were convicted of supporting al-Qaeda

Today, Chambley is being developed into a commercial business park. The runway and various taxiways are intact and usable. Many of the old USAF buildings and hangars are used for various non-military purposes.
Clifford Sifton, minister of the Interior in Ottawa, 1896–1905, argued that the free western lands were ideal for growing wheat and would attract large numbers of hard-working farmers. He removed obstacles that included control of the lands by companies or organizations that did little to encourage settlement. Land companies, the Hudson's Bay Company, and school lands all accounted for large tracts of excellent land. The railways kept closed even larger tracts because they were reluctant to take legal title to the even-numbered lands they were due, thus blocking sale of odd-numbered tracts. Sifton broke the legal log jam, and set up aggressive advertising campaigns in the U.S. and Europe, with a host of agents promoting the Canadian west. He also brokered deals with ethnic groups that wanted large tracts for homogeneous settlement. His goal was to maximize immigration from Britain, eastern Canada and the U.S.
Miles Craven, dying of old age, finally killed himself in order to be resurrected as a cloned body of Sigma. While uploading his memories into the clone, a member of Team 7 killed him. It turned out that Craven's obsession with the Gen-factor was just a way to immortality and power for him. Sigma, now a young adult, killed Craven's clone, Gen-Omega. Ben Santini became the interim Director of I.O.
The city's first bike path effort, Beargrass Bikeway, which connects Cherokee Park to the Belvedere, was opened in 1980 but received little use. The section connecting the Belvedere to Shawnee Park was first proposed in 1988.
World War II.
He released his first single, a vinyl only seven inch Wild Weekend/Nilsong, in 2000, on Odeam, his flatmate's label. He then released 2 EPs (Bingo Wings and Skaterdater) in 2001 and 2002 on Moshi Moshi Records. The former attained single of the week status in the NME. 
Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation

The village is part of the parish of Tullaherin which contains an almost intact 9th century round tower.
