
Apart from military education of the Ukrainian youth, the UVO tried to prevent cooperation between Ukrainians and Polish authorities. The UVO was involved in a bitter struggle with the Poles during the 1920s. The group was treated harshly and retaliated with violence. It was, however, rather a military protective group rather than a terrorist underground. It organized a number of assassination attempts on some of the most renowned Polish and Ukrainian politicians, some of which were successful. Among such attempts were a failed assault on Józef Piłsudski and Voivod of Lwów Kazimierz Grabowski on September 25, 1921, the successful murder of Ukrainian poet Sydir Tverdohlib and assassinations of Ukrainian activists Wasyl Pihulak and Iwan Bachmaszczuk in 1922, as well as a failed attack on Poland's president Stanisław Wojciechowski in 1924 and the Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government (BBWR) deputy chairman Tadeusz Hołówko. It organized three bomb attacks on the Eastern Trade Fair in Lwów in 1929, bombings of train stations, railway tracks, pumping stations, burnt and blown up police buildings (e.g. in Jaworowo, Gródek, Uhnów, Lubaczów) and Polish households; it was also active in destruction of telegraph, telephone poles and committed a number of expropriation attacks - amongst them - the robbery of 100,000 złoty (then the equivalent of 20,000 dollars) from a Lviv Post Office in 1925. The terrorist actions of the UVO became one of the reasons for creation of the Polish Border Defence Corps.

Set attribute systems.
In 1958, Perelman and Olbrechts-Tyteca published their study of informal reasoning as "Traité de l'argumentation: la nouvelle rhétorique". Undertaken in the spirit of Fregian observation and synthesis, the work analyzed a wide range of actual arguments from the realms of philosophy, law, politics, ethics, and journalism. The result was a theory of argumentation that was grounded in considerations of value and audience and that outlined points of departure and general techniques for argument.
Lealholm was opened as part of the final stretch of line from Picton (where the line joined what is now a loop on the East Coast Main Line) to Grosmont (where it met the Whitby - Pickering railway) authorised under the North Yorkshire and Cleveland Railway Act of 10 July 1854.
Nordic combined.
In fiscal 2012 (April 2012 to March 2013), about 15,241,000 passengers started travel from this station annually. For historical data, see the table below. 

<doc id="3786019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3786019" title="Fédération Internationale de l'Art Photographique">
<doc id="3786398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3786398" title="Illuminations (Alice Coltrane and Carlos Santana album)">
In February 1939, he obtains a copy of the "Arabian Nights". He takes the book home, and—eager to examine it—rushes up the stairs and gashes his forehead against a recently painted beam. The wound Dahlmann suffers forces him to lie bedridden with a very high fever. After a few days, his doctors move him to the hospital. On his way there, Dahlmann feels that perhaps the move will do him good. At the hospital, however, Dahlmann's treatment for his injury causes him great pain and discomfort, causing him to feel humiliation and self-hatred, almost as though he were in hell.
Mental health.
During the late 1950s and 1960s the club enjoyed a brief revival. After twice winning the Moscardó Trophy, a competition for Catalan teams in the Tercera División, they won Tercera División champions in both seasons 1961/62 and 1962/63. On the latter occasion they succeeded in gaining promotion to the Segunda División. After five seasons, they were relegated to Tercera División after season 1967/68.
"Nepenthes villosa" often grows in mossy forest and sub-alpine forest dominated by species of the genera "Dacrydium" and "Leptospermum", particularly "Leptospermum recurvum". It has also been recorded growing among shrubs, grass, and boulders in open areas. Here the soil may become relatively dry, although relative humidity is usually close to 100% as the slopes are often enveloped in clouds. Like many "Nepenthes" from the Mount Kinabalu area, it is endemic to ultramafic soils.

Childhood and youth.
Stern also confirmed this on his Sirius radio show on May 13, 2005 and again on Jun 19th, 2012.

Expiration (options)
Track listing.
It is one of the centers of the Polish minority in Belarus and the death-place of Gen. Józef Olszyna-Wilczyński. It is also the only town in Belarus where the Polish minority was allowed to use bilingual street signs.

__FORCETOC__
<br>
During his Papacy, Gabriel VIII decreed that the Fast of the Apostles must start on 21 Paoni and end on 5 Epip, and that Advent must start on the first of Koiak. He also cancelled the Fast of Jonah, and left the Fast of the Dormition of the Virgin Mary optional. All the Copts at that time approved of these decisions, but reverted to the old tradition of fasting after his departure.
Practitioners of the Chöd ritual, "Chödpa," use a "kangling" or human thighbone trumpet, and a Chöd drum, a hand drum similar to but larger than the ḍamaru commonly used in Tibetan ritual. In a version of the Chöd "sādhana" of Jigme Lingpa from the Longchen Nyingthig "terma", five ritual knives ("phurbas"), are employed to demarcate the "maṇḍala" of the offering and to affix the five wisdoms.

On 25 July 1999 the Special Clerical Court convicted Khoeiniha as Salam's publisher "of defamation and spreading false information in connection with the alleged memo". He was sentenced to three years in prison and a lashing. However, the court suspended this sentence and reduced his sentence to a fine of 23 million rials (US$13,000), "because of his sterling revolutionary credentials". Less than two weeks later the Clergy court "imposed a five-year ban on Salam and banned Musavi-Khoeiniha from practicing journalism for three years". The court ruled that the journalist was "guilty of disseminating untruthful and distorted news aimed at harming public opinion."
<doc id="3795246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3795246" title="Santorini affair">
