The song is an up-tempo number, with the group singing about - and to - a middle-class woman who is identified only as "Mrs. Thompson". She is described as working very hard for a boss who "believes in overtime" and having a predictable weekly routine. She has a "dream" throughout the song, in which she is urged to take control of her own life. The group then introduces her as an "everyday hero", suggesting that her monotonous life is more valuable than it might appear.
Majnoon Island is an island in southern Iraq near Al-Qurnah that is a center for oil production of the Majnoon Oilfield. The area was built out of sand dunes and mud to create pathways for oil pipelines.
He also announced compensation payments of Rs. 1,000,000 (approx. €17,500 or US$22,750) for the next-of-kin of each of the deceased and Rs. 50,000 for those injured.
Al-Harb was born in Kuwait 1887 in the Sharq area (Arabic: منطقة شرق). He grew up in his grandfather's house, and he worked with his uncles as a sailor then as a "Nokhitha" (Arabic: نوخذة). Al-Harb worked in trade and traveled to India, Yemen and the East coast of Africa.
Wilhelm Dachauer was initially influenced by the art of the Secession and later developed a form of realism that was strongly dedicated to rural and regional arts. This style fitted well to the "official" taste of the Ständestaat and the NS regime, so his opus became somewhat disreputable after 1945.
On 27 October 2011 three clocks of Ghanta Ghar were repaired and started again showing time of PST which is +5GMT. This effort was done by a watch company Rado. The machinery and needles of the clocks were changed while the clock's main dial was unchanged. It runs by solar energy. The clock had stopped working in 1985.<br>

Extra features.
The cinema posters for the film stated "Sean Connery IS James Bond", in order to distance the Eon-produced picture from the independent "Casino Royale", which had been released two months earlier. However, during the production, Connery announced that it would be his last film as Bond, leaving Broccoli to tell Alan Whicker, "it won't be the last Bond under any circumstances—with all due respect to Sean, who I think has been certainly the best man to play this part. We will, in our own way, try to continue the Bond series for the audience because it's too important".
On Andrew Bird's album, "Music of Hair", the song "Minor Beatrice" borrows directly from Ravel's piece.

