In Chicago's early years, Lamm used a simple setup of Hammond organ and Hohner Pianet electric piano, although he did use a Wurlitzer electric piano from time to time in the studio and on stage. Initially, his use of the grand piano was limited to the studio until he began to use one more regularly on stage, although it is likely that he just used whatever concert venues supplied him with rather than go through the inconvenience of lugging a grand piano around on tour. He was seen at a concert with an RMI Electra Piano on top of his Hammond organ, but he soon switched to a Fender Rhodes electric piano around 1972. In 1974, he started to use a Mellotron and Hohner clavinet in his keyboard rig and also incorporated Moog and ARP synthesizers into his rig. In the studio, he also experimented with tack piano, vibraphone and possibly harmonium, harpsichord and celesta. In the late 70's, he also started using the Yamaha CS80 synthesizer and in the 80's, switched to the Yamaha CP70 electric grand piano and possibly Prophet 5, Yamaha DX7 and Fairlight CMI keyboards. On a TV appearance in 1980, he was seen playing piano and having a Multimoog on top of his grand piano. He has since used a Roland AX-7 keyboard and currently uses a Yamaha Motif ES8 keyboard.
On December 1, 2009, it was announced that the band signed a record deal with Reprise Records and Intoxication Records, founded by Disturbed members David Draiman and Dan Donegan. The album was produced by Howard Benson and mixed by Chris Lord-Alge. The album was released on March 22, 2011.
Both Takoma, D.C., and Takoma Park, Maryland, were noted regionally and nationally for progressive politics dating from the 1960s, when area residents (led by future Takoma Park, MD mayor Sam Abbott) rallied to prevent a 10-lane freeway from bisecting the community, and lobbied to build the Metrorail system, near the site of the former B&O railroad station around which the community had been built. However, much of the land adjacent to the station was demolished or neglected in the wake of the freeway controversy, creating division between downtown Takoma Park, MD and the center of the Takoma community, which roughly parallels the D.C. line. Both of the remaining areas, on either side of the D.C.-Maryland line, are now protected as U.S. Historic Districts.
RC Strasbourg
Laughner's only known entrance into a recording studio was for the Pere Ubu single sessions, though he left behind countless lo-fi live, rehearsal, and demo recordings. In 1994, Tim/Kerr label released "Take the Guitar Player for a Ride", a 15 track compilation drawn from these tapes. This compilation had no sales and has since gone out of print. Fans continue to circulate bootleg recordings and a Cleveland-based label, Handsome Productions, offers a comprehensive collection of his music on CD, officially endorsed by his estate.
The play will be performed at Shaw's Corner 25–27 July 2014, produced by Michael Friend and by the Abbey Theatre, Dublin from 14 August-13 September 2014.

Early storylines between Pauline and her two teenage children, Mark and Michelle, show her to be a doting mother, forgiving of Mark's wayward behaviour, and supportive when Michelle decides to become a teenage mum. Pauline is devoted to her twin brother Pete, dutiful to her mother Lou, allegiant to her husband Arthur, and a shoulder for her nephew, Ian, to cry on. Wendy Richard commented in 1990, "It's important for her to keep the family together. That's why when her problem son Mark suddenly came home 1990, it was like her winning the pools ... She had to take a lot of shocks from Michelle and I think she coped remarkably well."
September 11: Norway – Denmark 1-1, European Championship qualifier
On February 12, 2013, in a rural area east of Angelus Oaks, the search for Christopher Dorner ended after a standoff with the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department. He was the primary suspect in the 2013 Southern California shootings.

Prior to the first game of the 2011 season, the Blue Jays announced that they had declined the three option years on Hill's contract. Hill was placed on the 15-day disabled list on April 24, retroactive to April 20, with a strained hamstring.
In 1846, the Oregon Provisional Legislature allowed the Applegates and others to attempt to find a more southerly route to Oregon. The group began the task on June 25, 1846, with Jesse Applegate, Lindsay Applegate, David Goff, John Owen, B. F. Burch, W. Sportsman, Robert Smith, a Mr. Goodhue, J. Jones, B. Ausbuan, and Levi Scott starting the survey. Leaving La Creole, the party spent three and a half months surveying a route to Fort Hall in present day Idaho. At that location the Applegate Trail departed the main branch of the Oregon Trail. On the return trip, the group brought approximately 150 immigrants along this southern route, also known as the South Road, South Emigrant Trail or the Scott-Applegate Trail.

<doc id="1965441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1965441" title="Juni">
