Oakman was born in Lommel, in the province of Limburg, Belgium. His mother died when he was two years old, and his father took him to England during World War I, then to Australia in 1920. After moving to Australia, young Henry changed his name to Harry Oakman. Oakman first worked on farms in rural New South Wales, then at the age of 17 moved to Pennant Hills, in North Sydney, where he worked in flower nurseries. After a few years he began to look after local parks for the Ku-ring-gai Council. On 1938-12-31, Oakman married May Addison Clark, and they lived together happily until her death on 1990-04-11.
Fremantle career.
Uniola paniculata, or sea oats, is a species of grass that grows along the East Coast and the Gulf Coast of the United States, Mexico, and on islands in the Caribbean.
In November 2005, he was seriously injured in a car accident during a period of particularly bad weather. Having spent six months in hospital, he returned to the statehouse in early May 2006 and expressed his desire to get back to work. On December 4, 2006 Flanagan had a second car accident when his car went off the road as he was turning onto I-89 in South Burlington, Vermont.
At the start of season 5, Heller is attending a summit in Japan. While on his private jet on the return trip, Audrey telephoned him and told him that it was urgent that he redirect the plane to land in Los Angeles. Jack meets him at Van Nuys Airport to give him evidence implicating President Logan in the death of David Palmer. After hearing the recording, Heller feels the best course of action is to personally meet with Logan and try to quietly force his resignation. He leaves the recording with one of his security officers and orders Jack and Audrey to be kept in custody until he returns. After he leaves, Christopher Henderson locates Jack at the Van Nuys airport and forces him to surrender the recording while holding Audrey at gunpoint. Heller's plan backfires when Logan, notified by Henderson that the tape has been recovered, informs Vice President Hal Gardner that he is forcing Heller's resignation because of his unsubstantiated allegation that he was complicit in Palmer's death.
