It was once thought that the "Weltchronik" might be the work of Eike von Repgow, the author of the "Sachsenspiegel" (a Low German work on law), but this hypothesis—which depended in part on the assumption that the original work was Low German—has been abandoned. The author employed at least thirty-six different Latin chronicles in his research. The most important were the "Chronicle" of Frutolf of Michelsberg, the continuation of the same by Ekkehard of Aura and the "Annales Palidenses".
Four Shall Die is a 1940 American supernatural crime film directed by William Beaudine.
Garbe, Lahmeyer & Co. (until 1938 also known as: "DEW - Deutsche Elektrizitäts-Werke zu Aachen") is a former electrical engineering company in Aachen.
Family Anomiidae – Jingle shells, windowpane shells
<doc id="41434400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41434400" title="United States Senate election in Pennsylvania, 1806">
Sussex Community NHS Trust is a Community Health NHS Trust established as a result of the Transforming Community Services programme. It is the main provider of NHS community health services across West Sussex Brighton & Hove and has an annual budget of £185m.
Zhang Yang Yang graduated from the Xinjiang Police College. 

There is no physical memorial to Hawaii law enforcement officers. However, a public law was signed in 2011 by Governor Neil Abercrombie authorizing the construction of a state law enforcement memorial at the Hawaii State Capitol using private funds.
Death and legacy.
In 1865, European science formally published the name and description of this genus using John Dallachy's north-eastern Queensland "Gillbeea adenopetala" type specimen collection, authored by Melbourne based German–Australian botanist Ferdinand von Mueller. Mueller named this genus after Melbourne medical doctor William Gillbee.
<doc id="41440367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41440367" title="Tibor Kökény">
Gustavo Brigagão
In the shed Mary and Joseph experience an intensely private moment before the Annunciation to the shepherds of the Christ child's birth to the shepherds. Mary wears a long flowing blue robe, Joseph a green-lined red cape, his hat and pattens respectfully removed. They gaze reverently at the newborn figure of Jesus who lies on Mary's robe. Mary's features have a softness and sweetness more characteristic of Christus's later paintings and remarkably similar to his "Madonna of the Dry Tree", according to Maryan Ainsworth. Kneeling in adoration to either side are four angels. 
Upon his promotion to Vice Admiral in 2009, he assumed Chief of Communications, Electronics & Information Systems Directorate in the Turkish General Staff Headquarters from 2009 to 2010. He subsequently commanded Naval Training and Education Command until August 2011 and Northern Sea Area Command from August 2011 to January 2013. He was assigned to the Turkish Fleet as the Commander in January 2013.
Rosa Elena Bonilla

