
<doc id="1248976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1248976" title="Roly Marks">
In March 2009, Congressional auditors determined that the DOE had miscalculated the government portion of the project's cost, overstating the amount by a half billion dollars. As a result, the Bush administration cited the project as having nearly doubled in cost when, in reality, it had increased by 39%


Steve White (drummer)
Other than the goats, many other animals inhabit the area including Canadian geese, ducks, monarch butterflies, warblers, and bald eagles.
Kuklinski was born in the family apartment on Third Street in Jersey City, New Jersey, to Stanley Kuklinski, a Polish immigrant from Warsaw and a brakeman on the railroad, and Anna McNally, a daughter of Catholic Irish immigrants from Dublin, who worked in a meat-packing plant during Richard's childhood. 
Rose State College is a community college located in Midwest City, Oklahoma.
He married Leila Stahl Buffett (d.1996); they had three children:
Houses.
No. 4353.
Chicago Seven.
Telugu - తెలుగు
Kirk Acevedo (born November 27, 1971) is an American actor. He is primarily known for his work on Television for the portrayals of Miguel Alvarez in the HBO series "Oz", Joe Toye in "Band of Brothers" and FBI Agent Charlie Francis in the science-fiction series "Fringe". His best-known films are "The Thin Red Line", "Dinner Rush" and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes".
The Hokkiens and Cantonese comprised 45% of the ethnic Chinese population. The Cantonese were originally dubbed "short sleeved jackets" because most migrants from Guangdong Province were artisans, wearing short-sleeve jackets, while most of the Hokkien were traders, wearing long-sleeved jackets. These names remain in use today. Hakkas are further subdivided into those with ancestry from Fujian Province and Guangdong Province, called "eingyi shay haka" () and "eingyi to haka" () respectively. The groups have different stereotypical associations. The Cantonese are commonly thought of as the poorest of the Chinese, the Hokkiens are stereotypically wealthier, occupying high positions in the economy, and having connections to the government.
In the absence of any other information regarding the safe's combination, a combination lock may be opened by dialing every possible combination. Many combination locks allow some "slop" in the settings of the dial, so that for a given safe it may be necessary only to try a subset of the combinations. Such "slops" may allow for a margin of error of plus or minus two digits, which means that trying multiples of five would be sufficient in this case. This drastically reduces the time required to exhaust the number of meaningful combinations. A further reduction in solving time is obtained by trying all possible settings for the last wheel for a given setting of the first wheels before nudging the next-to-last wheel to its next meaningful setting, instead of zeroing the lock each time with a number of turns in one direction.
PolyORB provides a uniform solution to build distributed applications relying either on middleware standards such as CORBA, the Ada 95 Distributed System Annex, SOAP, Web Services, or to implement application-specific middleware.

<doc id="1252416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1252416" title="Droitwich Transmitting Station">
Death and destruction.
Model building as a hobby involves the creation of models either from kits or from materials and components acquired by the builder.
A highly fictionalized account of his life can be found in "Carter Beats the Devil" (ISBN 0-7868-8632-3) by Glen David Gold.
<doc id="1253280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1253280" title="Hartle–Hawking state">
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Taylor.
Awards and nominations.
PanoTools consists of the following components:

Musical career.
He also composed music for other classic silent films including "Nosferatu" (1922) and "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (1920). When performing soundtracks, Nash would appear on stage beside the screen (using his own projection screen when a full theatre screen is not available), the same format he uses when performing concerts. He has also composed scores for modern Canadian films "Roadkill" (1990) and "Highway 61" (1991), both directed by Bruce McDonald. His other movie score and soundtrack work has included "The Kidnapping of the President" (1980), "Black Pearls" (1989), and "Blood and Donuts" (1995).
<doc id="1254834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1254834" title="Savalan">

The style of "musica reservata", with its implication of a highly refined, perhaps manneristic style of composition and performance along with a very small audience, is reminiscent both of the ars subtilior of the Avignon group of composers of the late 14th century, and also perhaps some of the contemporary avant-garde classical music of the late 20th century. The style can also be compared to the Italian composer Carlo Gesualdo's chromatic madrigals and motets a few decades later.
She plays Barbara Collier, Laurie Strode's therapist, in "Halloween II", released in 2009. She plays Sally Cima, the mother of protagonist Greg Cima, a high school football player, in the film "Windrunner: A Spirited Journey". It aired on the Disney Channel. She took a prominent role as an embattled guidance counselor in the 2008 gay-themed mystery film "On the Other Hand, Death".
Vehicles.
Concept models.

Haneuljae
Racing Club de Strasbourg Alsace (commonly known as RC Strasbourg, RCS, or simply Strasbourg) is a French association football club founded in 1906, based in the city of Strasbourg, Alsace. It has possessed professional status since 1933 and currently plays in the Championnat National, the third tier of French football, after successive promotions from CFA 2 and CFA. Once a member of France's Ligue 1 and a former champion, the club was relegated to the fourth tier of French football at the conclusion of the 2010–11 Championnat National season after going into financial liquidation. Renamed RC Strasbourg Alsace, they won the CFA championship in 2012–13, and for the current 2014–15 season they are competing in the Championnat National for the second-consecutive term.
The airline was established in October 1999 and started operations on 30 June 2000, when it began scheduled passenger services between Jakarta and Pontianak using a leased Boeing 737-200. It is owned by Rusdi Kirana and family. The airline is planning to join IATA and therefore hoping to become the second IATA Indonesian member carrier after Garuda Indonesia. Lion Air failed, in early 2011, the initial IATA assessments for membership due to safety concerns. Lion Air and Boeing are pioneering the use of required navigation performance (RNP) procedures in Indonesia, having successfully performed validation flights at the two terrain-challenged airports of Ambon and Manado.
Zinc-Lead-Silver: Zinc India business is owned and operated by Hindustan Zinc Limited (HZL). HZL owns and operates a fully integrated zinc-lead business. HZL is one of the world's largest integrated zinc-lead producers by volume. Sesa Sterlite owns 64.9% of the share capital of HZL, while the Government of India remains an equity partner and holds a 29.5% stake. HZL is listed on Indian stock exchanges (NSE and BSE).HZL's fully integrated zinc operations include five lead-zinc mines, one rock phosphate mine, four hydrometallurgical zinc smelters, two lead smelters, one lead-zinc smelter, four sulphuric acid plants, one silver refinery and six captive power plants at our Chanderiya, Dariba and Zawar facilities in the State of Rajasthan, processing and refining facilities for zinc at Haridwar and for zinc, lead and silver at Pantnagar, both in the State of Uttarkhand and in northern India. In FY 2013, these operations delivered 870,000 tonnes of mined zinc-lead metal-in-concentrate, and 802,000 tonnes of refined zinc and lead
Helen Lyle is a graduate student conducting research for her thesis on urban legends. While interviewing freshmen about their superstitions, she hears about a local legend known as "Candyman". The legend contains many elements similar to the most well-known urban legends, including endangered babysitters, spirits who appear in mirrors when fatally summoned, and maniac killers with unnatural deformities. The legend claims that Candyman can be summoned by saying his name five times while facing a mirror (similar to the Bloody Mary folkloric tale), whereupon he will murder the summoner with his hook-hand. Later that evening, Helen and her friend Bernadette jokingly call Candyman's name into the mirror in Helen's bathroom but nothing happens.
Perth Glory's first match was against Adelaide United at nib Stadium which they won 1–0. They later went on to defeat Wellington Phoenix 1–0, to make it three in a row, Glory again slumped, winning one out of their last 9 matches including 7 defeats. With pressure mounting on coach Ian Ferguson, on 19 December 2011, Glory Owner Tony Sage threatened to leave the club at the end of the season, however, after apologising and dismissing his threats as an emotional outburst, Glory went out to win 9 of their last 15 and finished 3rd on the ladder and qualified for the finals for the second time in their A-league history.


Piperazine and salts of piperazine are classified as Prescription Only Medicines in the UK. Any products containing salts of piperazine would be licensable under the Medicines Act and consequently anyone manufacturing and supplying it legally must hold the relevant licenses to do so. BZP is not a salt of piperazine, but mislabelling of BZP products as containing "piperazine blend" resulted in some prosecutions of suppliers in the UK by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, although none were successful. In May 2009, the Home Office announced plans to ban BZP, and launched a consultation on the proposal. In October 2009, it was announced that from 23 December 2009, BZP and related piperazines would be Class C drugs under the Misuse Of Drugs Act.
Examples include:
