Rufous-vented yuhina
Rota white-eye
Anatomy.
<doc id="12491440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12491440" title="Olive-backed woodpecker">

The red-rumped tinkerbird ("Pogoniulus atroflavus") is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family (African barbets).

In 2011, Pollack launched Federated Sports+Gaming (FS+G) and the Epic Poker League, where he served as Executive Chairman. Within a year, FS+G had filed bankruptcy, leaving behind a mountain of debt.

In the early 1950s, the Catholic Mission started the Sacred Heart secondary school and Father Bernard Davies who served as its first Principal. In 1953, the Catholic Mission obtained 3 hectares of land in Tanjung Aru and moved the school to its present location.
In October, Dantès works on a song with the composer Peter Kam. The song is recorded for Garou who performs the same month a show in the city of Nanning in China.

At Gefrees, the Austrians under Kienmayer had 2 regiments of regular Grenzer troops (about 5,300 men) and several hundred irregular Landwehr militia. The Black Brunswickers remained to the north guarding against any move by Jérôme and were not engaged at Gefrees. The French under Junot, on the other hand, had 2 regular line infantry regiments (about 6,000 men), a Bavarian depot battalion (about 1,000 men), and a dragoon regiment (about 500 men and horses). However, Junot's Corps of Observation of the Elbe were mainly conscripts who were poorly trained in comparison to the Austrian Grenzers. In particular, Junot's cavalry was not able charge effectively, therefore failing to exploit the lack of Austrian cavalry, and allowing the Austrians to remain in line formation. This meant the Austrians were able to deliver heavy and sustained volley fire throughout and by the end of the day, most of the French infantry had fled the field of battle. The Austrians had only suffered minimal casualties, whilst inflicting a substantial blow against the French. Junot's pursuit was not only stopped, but he was forced to retreat to Amberg.
Statistics.
Operated by Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya:
