

Takanashi won the Annual Award of the Photographic Society of Japan twice, in 1984 and 1993.
<doc id="7451821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7451821" title="Falling Creek, Virginia">
It includes the cities of Manzanita, Nehalem, Wheeler, Rockaway Beach, Garibaldi, and Bay City. 
After first finding work as a model, Jung Woo-sung made his film debut in the 1994 movie "The Fox with Nine Tails", together with Ko So-young. He and Ko would go on to act in two more films together.
<doc id="7453214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7453214" title="Dimension Jump (Red Dwarf episode)">
Penicuik High School is a non-denominational secondary state school located in Penicuik, Midlothian, Scotland. It is situated on Carlops Road, opposite the town's main park.
In the second half of the show Lucy revealed the reason for the lack of guests; a plague of locusts was flocking towards the Ballydung bypass and Colin Farrell was being held up in a Moscow phone booth. Rodge's nightmare guest was revealed to be Shane MacGowan whom Rodge asked had he sold his soul to Satan. They showed him what he would look like if he had plastic surgery (including face liposuction and €3000 teeth) before comparing his new appearance to that of Christy Dignam. Podge and Rodge joined George Murphy to sing out the show with "The Irish Rover".
Various activities are also observed, such as a daily run through one of three running tracks, various team building exercises, orienteering, tree climbing, and a high ropes course.
By 2007, SR 207 was extended on the south end via a nearly concurrency with SR 104, and an all-new alignment running east from SR 104 across the Scioto River to a new interchange with the US 23 expressway in northern Ross County, north of Chillicothe.
Normal convergence
The amount of thermal insulation worn by a person has a substantial impact on thermal comfort, because it influences the heat loss and consequently the thermal balance. Layers of insulating clothing prevent heat loss and can either help keep a person warm or lead to overheating. Generally, the thicker the garment is, the greater insulating ability it has. Depending on the type of material the clothing is made out of, air movement and relative humidity can decrease the insulating ability of the material.
In the Agnicayana ritual, the mahavedi (great altar) has a length of 24 prakrama in the east, 30 in the west and 36 in the north and south. Inside the mahavedi, an altar is placed. In the smaller ritual space to the west of the mahavedi (pracinavamsa, pragvamsa), three altars are placed: the garhapatya (earth, W), ahavaniya (sky, E) and daksinagni (or anvaharyapacana, SW). The round garhapatya and the square ahavaniya have the same area. The Squaring the circle problem was also investigated because of such ritualistic considerations. The ahavaniya altar has five layers (citi), representing earth, space and the sky.
Novels.
In the first two articles of the Treaty, Russia unconditionally recognized the independence of Georgia and renounced all interference in the country’s internal affairs: 
Trunk Highway 243 was authorized in 1949 in Minnesota, at the same time State Trunk Highway 243 was designated in Wisconsin. Dr. L.O. Simenstad was responsible for both highways being designated as part of their state highway systems. In 1952, the state of Minnesota reconstructed part of the roadway after a section of it washed out. This project lengthened the length of the highway by at the time. The current bridge was built in 1953 and rebuilt in 1980 by the Wisconsin Department of Transportation (WisDOT). The bridge went through a month-long structural rehabilitation between late April and late May 2010. This project was being undertaken by Minnesota Department of Transportation (Mn/DOT) because the bridge is of similar design to the Interstate 35W Bridge over the Mississippi River that collapsed on August 1, 2007. At the same time as the closure, Mn/DOT repaved their stretch of Highway 243. WisDOT also repaved their segment of the roadway, and they removed some rock from a bluff near the highway overlooking the river. The project was completed on May 28, 2010, when the bridge reopened to cars and passenger trucks.
During the 13th century, an imperial castle owned by the Hohenstaufen was mentioned. After the fall of the Hohenstaufen dynasty, the castle irst passed into the possession of the Counts of Veringen, subsequently falling to the house of Habsburg. In 1387, the mountain was mortgaged to the Truchsess of Waldburg. The military and political function of the Bussen came to an end in 1633, when the castle was destroyed by Swedish troops during Thirty Years' War.
<doc id="7458926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7458926" title="Salten-Schlern">
Andrew Neil Hayhurst (born 23 November 1962) is a former English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
The band, with additional guitarist Vince "V" Johansen, commenced touring nationally on June 13, 2006, playing alongside Bobaflex, as well as Indorphine, for the first few weeks. Johansen would leave the band in late 2006. On September 25, 2007, the band released their holiday EP, "The Flesh Eating Roller Skate Holiday Joyride". It was originally intended as a split album with Indorphine, but was unable to write the other half of the album, explaining the album's shortness. The holiday EP was mildly successful, reaching No. 18 on Billboard's Top Holiday Albums. Under the stress of touring, bassist Kocian parted ways with the band in fall 2007.
Yad Kennedy
Acadia was plunged into what some historians have described as a civil war in Acadia (1640–1645). The war was between Port Royal, where Governor of Acadia Charles de Menou d'Aulnay de Charnisay was stationed, and present-day Saint John, New Brunswick, where Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour was stationed.

