Phareodus is a genus of freshwater fish from the Eocene to the Oligocene of Australia and North America.

Antonia 'Toni' Loxley (played by Jessica Dickens) is Olive's sister and legal guardian. She plays a central role in Series 1 and 2, and leaves the series in the first episode of Series 3.

Cayuga High School is a public high school based in Cayuga, Texas. It is part of the Cayuga Independent School District located in northwestern Anderson County and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Huddersfield Town.
<doc id="23113401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23113401" title="Orquesta El Arranque">
Henrik Sørensen (12 February 1882 – 24 February 1962) was a Norwegian painter.
In Spain the newly elected Popular Front organized the People's Olympiad in Barcelona as a response to the 1936 Summer Olympics being hosted in Nazi Germany. She travelled south to attend as a representative of Arbeiterschwimmclubs (Worker's Swim Club) but due to the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War the games never occurred. Impressed by the strength and size of the working class anarchist movement in Catalonia and the successes of the Spanish revolution, Clara joined the Durruti Column; a column of anarchists organized to fight against the Fascists. The militia marched from Barcelona to support the Republicans on the Aragon front, where Clara was joined by Pavel Thalmann.
The Orbigny-Bernon Museum (French: "Musée d'Orbigny-Bernon") is a history museum in the French city of La Rochelle.
"Oh The Horror" states simply that ""Things" is bad. Really really bad." The review states that "Everything that sucks about shitty movies is here in one 84 minute package", but grants that it's worth it: "To get the full effect of "Things" you need two things: a group of friends and enough beers to kill your kidneys. Only then can you see the greatness of "Things" and laugh yourself silly". They panned the lighting, the audio, and the music, writing ""Things" is the epitome of bad Canadian horror", and concluded that the film "earns place as the Worst Canadian Horror Film Ever Made and definitely defines what a cult movie really is".
The song begins with a drum intro, followed by a funky bass line from Robert Trujillo. Then the guitar comes in and the chorus is played without song. Then the verse begins, and it goes on as verse, chorus, verse, chorus, verse, chorus, verse, chorus. The main riff is the same as in "You'll Be Sorry" (part 2 of "Suicide's An Alternative") from Suicidal's eponymous album. Throughout the song, Muir delivers lyrics about crooked preachers stealing from gullible believers. The song also features two quick bass solos from Trujillo.
Blockade of La Rochelle
Japan–British Society

The Association of Muslim Schools is a founding member of the National Alliance of Independent Schools of South Africa (NAISA). This is an umbrella body representing independent schools associations and Joint Liaison Committees. AMS-SA is the South African Chapter of the Association of Muslim Schools.
Newkirk Viaduct Monument
<doc id="23122846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23122846" title="On the Road Again (Bob Dylan song)">
<doc id="23123464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23123464" title="Vladicaris">
