This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1913 to 1914. Half of its members were elected at the 13 April 1910 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1910 and finishing on 30 June 1916; the other half were elected at the 31 May 1913 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1913 and finishing on 30 June 1919. In fact their terms were terminated prematurely with the calling of the 5 September 1914 election as a double dissolution.
Roark reappears in "Chuck Versus the Colonel". He gives Stephen until the next morning to finish the Intersect, threatening to kill his family. Stephen covertly double-crosses him and reprograms the computer to instead remove the Intersect images from Chuck's head when Roark tries to use it to upload the Intersect into a group of Fulcrum agents. Roark discovers the deception when he fails to flash on any of his test data. After Beckman's airstrike begins, Roark flees and is apparently killed when a bomb detonates near him while trying to get to cover, but the end of the episode reveals he survived the attack and plans to disrupt Ellie's wedding.
The town is in a remote location north of Christchurch. The town has no convenience store, so residents have to go directly to 
The Veritair Aviation fleet consists of the following aircraft:

Henry's brother, Captain John Gunn Munro of Braemore married Elizabeth Sutherland. They had ten children.

The Phoenicians established numerous colonial cities along the coasts of the Mediterranean in order to provide safe harbors for their merchant fleets, to maintain a Phoenician monopoly on an area's natural resources, and to conduct trade free of outside interference. They were also motivated to found these cities to satisfy the demand for trade goods or to escape the necessity of paying tribute to the succession of empires that ruled Tyre, Sidon, and Byblos, and by fear of complete Greek colonization of that part of the Mediterranean suitable for commerce. The Phoenicians lacked the population or necessity to establish large self-sustaining cities abroad, and most of their colonial cities had fewer than 1,000 inhabitants, but Carthage and a few others developed larger populations.
He was born in Delft, and studied at the University of Leiden. He joined Grotius in Paris in 1624, and later defended him against Johannes a Felden (John De Felde).
In the Revolutions of 1848 he was called to head the war ministry in the cabinet of Minister-President Count Karl Ludwig von Ficquelmont, whose direction he saw to without regard to his advanced years. A distinct asserter of conservatism, his efforts especially sought to give the public no cause for unrest. Faced with the Hungarian Revolution, Latour backed the loyal forces of Ban Josip Jelačić and arranged troops to second his campaign. These efforts sparked the Vienna Uprising: On 6 October 1848 a crowd of students, workers and mutinous soldiers forcibly tried to prevent the troops marching off. In the following street fights, an outraged mob sought Latour out in the war ministry and lynched him.
Doctrine.
This is a list of guitarists who have made "notable" usage of extended range guitars or have played a specifically notable instrument. This list targeted at players of instruments which achieve extended range through additional or unusual stringing, and does not generally include multi-neck guitarists or harp guitarists.
