<doc id="407599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=407599" title="Thomas Sopwith">
Superhuman Reflexes: 
During World War II New Ireland was occupied by Japanese forces from January 1941 until September 1945.
In March 2013, "Mother Jones" reported that in August 2012 Bonner and his wife took a $16,214.66 trip to a private 66,000-acre ranch in Kenya, paid for entirely by the International Conservation Caucus Foundation. The ranch is owned by members of the Wildenstein family and was the filming location of the 1985 film "Out of Africa". Bonner claimed that the trip was for the purposes of researching a link between illegal wildlife poaching and Al-Qaeda.
!|Pct
<doc id="407976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=407976" title="American Ornithologists' Union">
<doc id="408068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=408068" title="Sing Tao News Corporation">
Employers across the nation led a successful campaign against unions known as the "American Plan", which sought to depict unions as "alien" to the nation's individualistic spirit. In addition, some employers, like the National Association of Manufacturers, used Red Scare tactics to discredit unionism by linking them to subversive activities.
Aside from being dominated by Suharto, Golkar was also an organization dominated by the Army. Out of the four people that served as Golkar Chairman during the New Order, three had a military background. It was only in the last years of Suharto's rule that Harmoko, a civilian, was elected as Golkar chairman.
Prisoners newly inducted into the MDOC system are placed in diagnostic institutions. Adult male prisoners may go to either the Eastern Reception & Diagnostic Center, the Fulton Reception & Diagnostic Center, or the Western Reception & Diagnostic Center. All incoming female prisoners, including adults and minors under 17 who are convicted on adult charges in adult courts, are sent to the Women's Eastern Reception, Diagnostic & Correctional Center. Male prisoners under 17 years of age who are convicted in adult criminal courts were sent to the Northeast Correctional Center which no longer houses minor offenders. Male death row inmates are sent directly to Potosi Correctional Center.
Expansion and dissension (1953-1969).
Berry resides in Gillett, Arkansas, with wife Carolyn and identifies as a Methodist. He recently was diagnosed with a brain tumor, and is undergoing treatment.
The League of Conservation Voters publishes the National Environmental Scorecard for each session of Congress which rates how members voted on key energy and environmental issues. Mike Thompson was rated 92% (with 100% being the highest possible rating) for the 2nd session of the 110th Congress. His LCV Scorecard ratings have been at 90% or above for every session of Congress since 2001.
The black grouper is a solitary fish. The fish spawns between May and August. It is a protogynous hermaphrodite, i.e. the young are predominantly female, but transform into males as they grow larger.
Controversies.
! Votes
Joseph Washington "Jellybean" Bryant (born October 19, 1954) is a retired American professional basketball player, current coach, and the father of Los Angeles Lakers superstar Kobe Bryant. Bryant was the head coach of the WNBA's Los Angeles Sparks from August 22, 2005 until April 4, 2007. He returned to that position after Jennifer Gillom was fired by the Los Angeles Sparks on July 10, 2011.
The party became an integral in a nine-party alliance, PNA, against PPP and campaign against PPP in the 1977 general elections. The party campaigned on a right-wing position and raised conservative slogans in the 1977 general elections. The party, including Sharif and Hussain, were a conglomerate of diverse views and had provided large capital for Muslim League's financial expenses. It was at that time party was revived and joined the anti-Bhutto PNA with Pir Pagara, an influential Sindhi conservative figure, as its elected president. After the martial law in 1977, the party reassessed itself; the party saw the rise of powerful oligarch bloc, led by Zahoor Illahi who was the main PML leaders. After the 1984 referendum, President Zia-ul-Haq had become country's elected president. During the 1985 general election, a new PML(N) emerged on the country's political scene. The party had supported the presidency of Zia-ul-Haq and won his support to appoints Mohammad Khan Junejo for the office of Prime Minister. Nawaz Sharif had won the favours and support from the President Zia-ul-Haq and approved his appointment as Chief Minister of the Punjab Province in 1985.
List of political parties in Cyprus
Pasadena Bowl
<doc id="409335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=409335" title="List of political parties in Mauritania">
