Historically the Chilliwack River flowed north from Vedder Crossing, over a broad alluvial fan to the Fraser River. In 1875 heavy rains caused a logjam that diverted the river into two small streams, called Vedder Creek and Luckakuk Creek. This caused hardship for the area's farmers. In 1882 a new logjam was deliberately created which caused the waters of several streams to shift course toward the west, flowing into the now-drained Sumas Lake. A freshet in 1894 caused the new course to become permanent. In the early 20th century the diverted river was diked and channelized. Today the Chilliwack River changes into the Vedder River at Vedder Crossing, and then becomes the Vedder Canal farther downstream. The Vedder Canal was created in the 1920s as part of the effort to drain Sumas Lake. The former course of the Chilliwack River below Vedder Crossing is now known as Chilliwack Creek, which flows north to the Fraser River.
Bibliography.
<doc id="2752786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2752786" title="AK Comics">
Boyle was the son of Patrick Boyle, eldest son of David Boyle, Lord Boyle, by his first wife Elizabeth Montgomerie. His mother was Mary Frances Elphinstone-Dalrymple, daughter of Sir Robert Dalrymple-Horn-Elphinstone, 1st Baronet. He succeeded in the earldom in 1890.
In May 2006, high-quality forged Adult and Senior/Student Metropasses began circulating throughout the city. The forgeries could not be successfully swiped at turnstiles but they were almost indistinguishable from authentic Metropasses on visual verification. More than 120 people were charged with selling and using the forged Metropasses. The public was warned to only buy Metropasses from authorized sources but still the forged passes continued to circulate.
Eliza Jane.
In systems historically based on NTSC standards, for reasons originally related to the Chrominance subcarrier in analog NTSC TV systems, the exact frame rate is actually (3579545 / 227.5) / 525 = 29.97002616 fps. This leads to many synchronization problems which are unknown outside the NTSC world, and also brings about hacks such as drop-frame timecode.
In 692, together with Æthelheard, issued a charter to Abbess Cuthswith and also witnessed a charter of Æthelred, King of Mercia [http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?do=get&type=charter&id=75, together with Æthelheard, Æthelberht, and Æthelric. In 693 the four brothers witnessed a charter issued by their father Oshere [http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?do=get&type=charter&id=53].
In 1965 the urban district was abolished by the London Government Act 1963 and its former area transferred from Hertfordshire to Greater London . Its former area was combined with that of other districts to form the present-day London Borough of Barnet.
Producing wood veneers.
The single stayed on the charts for 17 weeks, and was certified 3x Platinum in Sweden.
In 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, the urban district was abolished and its former area was combined with that of Sunbury-on-Thames Urban District to form the present-day borough of Spelthorne.
Martin Glacier is a glacier, wide and long, which flows west and then northwest from the south side of Mount Lupa to the southeast corner of Rymill Bay where it joins Bertrand Ice Piedmont, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under John Riddoch Rymill, and was resurveyed in 1948–1949 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. The glacier was named for James H. Martin, a member of the British Australian and New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (1929–1931) under Sir Douglas Mawson, and first mate of the "Penola" during the BGLE.
29 June The security services issues two new lists of wanted persons. List A includes 15 names of persons suspected of terrorist affiliations and who are thought to be in the Kingdom. List B is of 21 names of persons suspected of terrorist affiliation, who are thought to be outside the Kingdom. 
An important part of the Malmö M.Sc. education is the Field Study program that provides the opportunity for students to travel and to see what they are learning in class being put into practice. Each student in the M.Sc. Malmö program spends essentially three weeks traveling for field studies to host organizations in such countries as Canada, Chile, Denmark, Egypt, France, Germany, Greece, Korea, Malta, Norway, Portugal, The Netherlands, Singapore, Sweden, Turkey, and the United Kingdom. Field studies are also a part of the M.Sc. programs in Shanghai and Dalian, China, but are typically more regionally oriented.
<doc id="2759079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2759079" title="Bonecrusher (horse)">
Doping revelations.
<doc id="2759959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2759959" title="Behshahr">
When the time came in May 2003 to record the second album The Vines had toured the US and UK four times each as well as Europe, Canada and Australia twice each taking in such legendary venues as CBGBs, Mercury Lounge, Bowery Ballroom and Roseland in New York, Shepherd's Bush Empire and Brixton Academy in London and every smoky dive in between.
Took place April 13, 2013 at the Flyer's Skate Zone in Voorhees, NJ. Non-Tournament matches included: Adam Cole def. Sami Callihan, DJ Hyde def. Michael Dante & a Fans Bring the Weapons Match where Ron Matthis beat Rory Mondo.

T/E School District serves the townships of Tredyffrin Township and Easttown Township, and is one of the several school districts serving the Pennsylvania Main Line. T/E serves all or portions of several communities wholly or partly in the two townships, including Berwyn, Malvern, Chesterbrook, Daylesford, Devon, Paoli, Strafford, Wayne, and Radnor. In the 2010-2011 school year, the school district had 6,323 enrolled students. In 2008, Philadelphia Magazine ranked the school district the best in the Philadelphia area.
