Gulf Rangers spearhead environmental activities that contribute to the sustainability of the Red Sea. Once a month, equipped with red trash bags, the group participates in organized clean-up dives into the Red Sea. They spend up to an hour clearing the sea bed and corals of cigarette butts, plastic bags, glass bottles, soda and beer cans, ice-cream wrappers, debris, tires, and more. After each dive, the group gathers to sort the garbage. Municipality workers then take it away to disposal and recycling facilities. The Rangers remove approximately 300 kilos of trash from the Red Sea every year.
Jacksonville mayoral election, 2015
At the University of North Dakota (UND) Bachelor of Science in Aeronautics program, simulators are used for both operator certification and research purposes. For operator certification, UND uses Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) simulators specific to a particular vehicle (e.g., ScanEagle, MQ-8, etc.). Actual qualification training is on hold until the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) puts standards in place for the use of UAS in United States airspace. However, students can learn basic operation principles and how UAS will function in national airspace. UND also conducts research funded by the Air Force Research Laboratory on task loading of UAS operators. This research compares single operators versus multi-operator crews and full auto-piloted systems versus remotely-piloted systems.


– Early in 2012 she was invited, along with YouTube musicians Taylor Davis and Kyle Landry, to perform at the E3 Expo.
He was appointed to the eleventh stall in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle in 1560 and held the canonry until 1594.
Further reading

Ilusión Nacional () is a 2014 Mexican documentary film by Olallo Rubio about association football in Mexico.
In 1971 she studied process camera techniques and color separation at George Brown College, Toronto.
Woo was also director in many public companies in Hong Kong. He was Independent Non-Executive Director of the Liu Chong Hing Bank since 1972 until he resigned in 2004 due to disagreement with the Board. He also held posts such as Director of the Sun Hung Kai Financial Limited and Chairman of the Kowloon Motor Bus Company and Hong Kong Yakult Company and various other posts.
The central figure.
The club's greatest success came in 2012 when it qualified for the new northern division of the expanded Bayernliga, the fifth tier of the German football league system. In 2014 the club also came close to Regionalliga Bayern promotion when it finished second in the Bayernlig Nord but failed in the promotion round.


Francis Y. Kalabat (born May 13, 1970) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States. He began undergraduate (philosophy) studies at the Seminary of Saint Francis, in San Diego, California. Subsequently, he began the requisite graduate theological training for the Chaldean Catholic priesthood at Sacred Heart Major Seminary, in Detroit, Michigan. Ordained a priest on July 5, 1995, he was appointed Parochial Vicar (Associate Pastor) of Mother of God Church in Southfield, Michigan, the city where the Eparchy has its Cathedral. Since 2001, Eparch Kalabat has been Pastor of Saint Thomas Church in Detroit, Director of Vocations for the Eparchy, and has been involved with the Center for Re-Evangelization. He speaks Arabic, English and Aramaic, and also knows Spanish. He received his episcopal ordination, and was installed as Eparch on June 14, 2014.
In the Primeira Divisão, Benfica started with 3 draws but progressed to the top of the league in October, remaining there until the end, conquering their 30th title for the club in a sold out Estádio 1º de Maio in Braga on 25 May 1994. Early in the month, in Alvalade, with Sporting only a point behind in the league and with the favoritism on their side, Benfica won 3–6 with a hat-trick from João Pinto, in one of the club's historic matches.
Parapoynx villidalis
In its original American broadcast, "This Woman's Work" was watched by 1.61 million; slightly down by 0.03 from the previous episode.
Lanvoy Formation
Squaw Island is located at the north end of Canandaigua Lake, near the city of Canandaigua, New York, United States. It is one of two islands in the 11 Finger Lakes. Frequently it is described as New York's smallest state park; however, while it is one of the state's smallest protected areas, it is not formally designated as a state park and the state, while it still owns it, is no longer responsible for protecting it.
Humanities Scholars.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Commonwealth Games records were as follows.
The 2014–15 San Diego Toreros women's basketball team will represent the University of San Diego in the 2014–15 college basketball season. The Toreros, members of the West Coast Conference, are led by head coach Cindy Fisher, in her tenth season at the school. The Toreros play their home games at the Jenny Craig Pavilion on the university campus in San Diego, California.


Leadership.


Heinie Schultz

Charlotte Lembach
