John de Mowbray, 2nd Baron Mowbray
The hotel was constructed in 1924 to replace the old Paris Hotel, which was destroyed in a fire in 1918. The hotel's construction was sponsored by the Paris Chamber of Commerce and funded by the citizens of Paris; as most hotels of the era were built by private firms, this was considered unusual. The Chamber decided upon the site of the hotel in 1922 and chose the building's architect, but planning and construction delays pushed the project back into 1923. By September of 1923, the Chamber had nearly exhausted its funds, and the hotel's contractor intended to place a lien on the hotel site if they could not find more money. The citizens of Paris responded by raising $191,000 in a fundraising effort, providing the necessary funds to complete the hotel. 
Protect our Children.
<doc id="9117470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9117470" title="Xinovrysi">
Michael Bernard. Broderick, Jr. (born February 27, 1939) was a member of the South Dakota State Senate, representing district 16.
The Bill of Rights enumerates freedoms not explicitly indicated in the main body of the Constitution, such as freedom of religion, freedom of speech, a free press, and free assembly; the right to keep and bear arms; freedom from unreasonable search and seizure, security in personal effects, and freedom from warrants issued without probable cause; indictment by a grand jury for any capital or "infamous crime"; guarantee of a speedy, public trial with an impartial jury; and prohibition of double jeopardy. In addition, the Bill of Rights reserves for the people any rights not specifically mentioned in the Constitution and reserves all powers not specifically granted to the federal government to the people or the States. The Bill was influenced by George Mason's 1776 Virginia Declaration of Rights, the English Bill of Rights 1689, and earlier English political documents such as Magna Carta (1215).
VH1 Latin America also airs reality shows like "Flavor of Love", "I Love New York", "I Love Money", "Hogan Knows Best", "The Surreal Life", "Rock of Love"; the Graham Norton Shows (like "The Graham Norton Effect" and "The Graham Norton Show") and past "MTV Unplugged" shows. On January 2011 "RuPaul's Drag Race (season 2)" began airing.
Canadian Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq announced on June 5, 2012 that MDPV would be listed on Schedule 1 of the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act. Other drugs on schedule 1 include cocaine and heroin. This will make possession, trafficking, importing, exporting, and production of MDPV illegal. As of September 26, 2012 MDPV has become illegal in Canada as a Schedule 1 drug. Researchers will still be able to use the drug after applying for an exemption to that status.
The most famous Longhorn basketball player prior to Kevin Durant, Basketball Hall of Famer Slater Martin, played with the Longhorns from 1944 to 1949.
The Cat Who Could Read Backwards
Books.
Nagoya Grampus has been a member of the J. League since its creation in 1993.
