
He is currently the assistant coach of the Canterbury Bulldogs.

Backlash.
Pseudonyms.
Episcopal career.
Sumner P. Hunt (May 8, 1865 – November 19, 1938) was an architect in Los Angeles from the 1890s to the 1930s.
The Cathedrals soon became one of the most popular groups to be featured on the Homecoming videos. George even starred in some of Gloria Gaither's children's Homecoming videos with Vestal Goodman. (Children had written many fan letters to the Gaithers, and George Younce and Vestal Goodman were the favorites). George used his onstage clowning to good effect on these children's videos, riding a tandem bicycle with Vestal and singing fun songs like "The Laughing Song" and "Led Out Of Bondage", as well as a tender duet with young Madison Easter (son of fellow Gaither singers Jeff and Sheri Easter) on "God Loves To Talk To Little Boys When Their Fishin'". 
Lock-Up's first comic appearance was in "Robin" #24 (Jan 1996) in which he captured Charaxes. He subsequently appeared in "Detective Comics" #694 (Feb 96) in which he captured the minor villain Allergent. In both these stories he only made a brief appearance at the end, removing the villain before Batman and Robin could return to the scene.
There are over 59 clubs and organizations including bands, choirs, religious groups, honor societies, several major Greek and honor sororities and fraternities, and ROTC.
Palmarflexion and dorsiflexion refer to movement of the flexion (palmarflexion) or extension (dorsiflexion) of the hand at the wrist. These terms refer to flexion between the hand and the body's "dorsal" surface, which is the back of the arm, and flexion between the hand and the body's "plantar" surface, which in anatomical position is considered the anterior side of the arm. The direction of terms are opposite to those in the foot because of embryological rotation of the limbs in opposite directions.

Isle of the Ape is an adventure module for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting, in which the events occur in a magical demiplane of the same name created by the mad archmage Zagyg Yragerne.
Danielle Hartsell (b. November 21, 1980, Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American pair skater. With brother Steve Hartsell, she is the 1999 U.S. National Champion and 1997 World Junior Champion. She married Chris Minnis on September 20, 2003
Born in Yakima, Washington, Phil and his twin brother Steve (four minutes younger) were both world class ski racers and competed on the World Cup circuit from 1976 to 1984. Starting with the 1978 season, Mahre finished in the top three in the World Cup overall standings for six consecutive seasons, winning the title in the final three (1981, 1982, and 1983).
In the ODI series that followed, he carried on with his good form. The first ODI was also played at Queen's Park Oval. Rohit was elected man of the match for his 68 not out of 75 balls with three fours and a six. In the third ODI played at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua; Sharma scored a matching-winning 86 of 91 balls. Rohit along with Harbhajan Singh got India out of trouble to win the match after they were reduced to 92 for 6. He was widely appraised for his calm and matured performance. Sharma won his first Man of the Series award for excellent batting performance throughout the ODI series. His good form continued as he bagged another Man of the series award against West Indies again but this time on Indian soil.

It is interesting to theorise whether there would have been any way for Fujitsu to have obtained a granted patent. If the invention as claimed had recited the particular steps carried out by the computer program, and if these were different from the steps which would have been carried out manually in the past, then there is the possibility that this could have represented a technical contribution. The particular technical contribution could have been that the claimed invention would not then have been merely a conventional computer for automatically carrying out a previously manual process, but rather a computer programmed in a specific way to perform a useful task.
At the end of 1975, there were only three combat squadrons at Korat, consisting of 24 F-4D's of the 34th TFS, 24 A-7D's of the 3rd TFS, and 6 AC-130 "Spectre" aircraft of the 16th Special Operations Squadron.
JAM 13 ("Lucky 13") - 2004
<doc id="4061318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4061318" title="Inquirer">
<doc id="4061797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4061797" title="Adam Haldane-Duncan, 2nd Earl of Camperdown">

By the Republican period (20th century), there were a total of 162 figures worshipped. The Four Correlates include Yan Hui, Zeng Shen, Kong Ji, and Mencius. The Twelve Philosophers are Min Zijian, Ran Boniu, Zhong Gong, Cai Wo, Zi-gong, Ran You, Zi-Lu, Zi-You, Zi-Xia, Zi-Zhang, You Ruo, and Zhu Xi. A list of disciples of Confucius and their place in the Confucian temple can be found at Disciples of Confucius.
The Philadelphia Whiskey Festival is annual festival held in November, and it is sponsored by the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board and "Philadelphia Magazine". Over sixty distilled spirits producers present a wide variety of spirits for tasting, including: whiskey, Canadian and Irish whiskies, Bourbon, Scotch, single malts, tequila, rum, gin, vodka and cognac.
<doc id="4063984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4063984" title="Zakir Hasan">
The Vision in Effect.
Al-Jami'ah Faculty of IAIN Yogyakarta period (1960-1963).
Gleem was a declining brand name. In an effort to obtain additional sales, Procter & Gamble assigned the account to the firm of Mary Wells Lawrence, Wells, Rich, Greene.
There are many ways of measuring the positive environmental, economic and social impact data. These include:
<doc id="4066270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4066270" title="Rolling circle replication">

In 1999, the band started working on a new studio album, for which Mihajlović and Stojanović decided that it should feature poly-rhythmic drums and scat singing. Nevertheless, Stojanović suggested that beside scat singing, several tracks should feature lyrics, which Mihajlović refused, and thus Stojanović made a decision not to play on the album. Mihajlović then hired Igor Malešević, at the time the member of Vasil Hadžimanov Band, but after not being satisfied with the rehearsals he was fired and Stojanović recorded the drums for all of the fourteen tracks on the album, which was entirely recorded in 72 hours. "Egregor", released by PGP RTS, produced by Mihajlović and Saša Habić, featured only one song with lyrics and on the rest Najdanović was featured on scat singing. The song "5. maj" ("May 5") was dedicated to Led Zeppelin and the theme "SOS" featured a sample of Josip Broz Tito's speech from 1948, older generation folk singers Vuka Šeherović and Mijat Mijatović, and an anonymous Radio Belgrade speak at the time of the World War II occupation of Yugoslavia. The album received mixed critics and did not receive an adequate promotion due to the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia during the same year.
