Mariana Pineda
In 1404, Charles VI of France gave it to Charles III of Navarre, and erected it into a duchy in the peerage of France, in exchange to his ancestral county of Évreux in Normandy.
Composite molds are a lower cost alternative to cast or machined aluminium molds. Composite molds are typically made from filled resins that start as a liquid and harden with time. Depending on the application, composite molds can last a very long time and produce high quality parts. 
Possessing a wide variety of offensive moves close to the basket the agile, long-armed McHale played in seven National Basketball Association All-Star Games between 1984 and 1991. McHale's finest season came in 1986–87 when he was named to the All-NBA First Team as a forward. He led the NBA in field goal percentage in 1987 and 1988, shooting 60.4 percent each season. Also a standout defensive player, McHale was selected to the NBA All-Defensive First or Second Team six times. He twice blocked nine shots in a game, the most ever by a Boston Celtics' player (blocked shots did not become an official NBA statistic until the 1974 season).
"Near-optimal erasure codes" require (1 + ε)"k" symbols to recover the message (where ε>0). Reducing ε can be done at the cost of CPU time.
<doc id="1146408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1146408" title="Over Time Limit">
Elias Legarde.
In the end, the election was decided by less than one percentage point, with Fitzpatrick initially trailing by just over 1,500 votes out of nearly 250,000 cast.
His numerous papers — musical and literary manuscripts and correspondence in English, French, and Russian — are now stored in the Musical Division of the Library of Congress.
Heavy rainfall caused the collapse of the Opuha Dam during its construction on the river in 1997.
In 1946, Ho Chi Minh said, in reference to the French, "You can kill ten of our men for every one we kill of yours. But even at those odds, you will lose and we will win." Some analysis of war casualties indicated that the US and its allies inflicted roughly a three-to-two ratio of communist combat deaths against allied deaths. Eventually, the US signed the Paris Peace Accords and pulled out.
1970s.
Agee, Jim (2003). "Literacy project development resources," in New Library World Volume 104 Number 9 2003 pp. 344–353.
Purveyors to the sultans of the Ottoman Empire
Liverpool.
It was first used in public programming in 2004. In September 2010 DFS was produced in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu and distributed through a state school feeding program. DFS has also been used to combat Iron Deficiency Anemia (IDA) in the Indian state of Bihar. In September 2010, Venkatesh Mannar was named a Laureat of the California-based Tech Awards for his work in developing Double-Fortified Salt.
The marriage lasted until Wrather's death in 1984, shortly after release of the movie "The Magic of Lassie", which starred Wrather's pal James Stewart. Granville herself died four years later of lung cancer in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 65. She was buried at the Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California. Their children are daughters Molly and Linda, and sons Jack and Christopher. Jack and Molly were from Wrather's previous marriage to Mollie O'Daniel, a daughter of Governor and U.S. Senator W. Lee O'Daniel.

• Stacy Lattisaw on her album "Young & in Love"<br>
The union has a close relationship with Jerry Lewis and his annual Labor Day telethon and is invariably one of the groups showcased by the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
Tamp
In computers, instant-on is the ability to boot nearly instantly, thus allowing to go online or to use a specific application without waiting for a PC's traditional operating system to launch. Instant-on technology is today mostly used on laptops, netbooks, and nettops because the user can boot up one program, instead of waiting for the PC's entire operating system to boot. For instance, a user may want to just launch a movie playing software or launch an Internet browser, without needing the whole operating system. There are and were true instant-on machines such as the Atari ST and early Apple Inc. Macintosh as described in the Booting article. These machines had complete Operating Systems resident in ROM similar to the way in which the BIOS function is conventionally provided on current computer architectures. The "instant-on" concept as used here results from loading an OS, such as a legacy system DOS, with a small hard drive footprint. Latency inherent to mechanical drive performance can also be eliminated by using Live USB or Live SD flash memory to load systems at electronic speeds which are orders of magnitude faster.
Jolley now works as an analyst on FC Dallas local television broadcasts.

It is an agonist for the GABAB receptors. Its beneficial effects in spasticity result from actions at spinal and supraspinal sites. Baclofen can also be used to treat hiccups.
Other manufacturers included, in the United States, The Bartola Musical Instrument Company of Oshkosh, Wisconsin (maker of the Barton organ), The Page Organ Company of Lima, Ohio, The Marr & Colton Company of Warsaw, New York, and The Robert-Morton Company of Van Nuys, California (a large model was known as the Wonder Morton). In addition, makers of traditional pipe organs for churches promptly jumped on the bandwagon and began producing and selling theatre organs, such as The Kimball Company of Chicago, Illinois, The Wicks Organ Company of Highland, Illinois, M.P. Moller of Hagerstown, Maryland, and Austin Organs of Hartford, Connecticut. In the United Kingdom, important builders of theatre organs included The John Compton Organ Company and William Hill & Son & Norman & Beard Ltd., commonly referred to as Hill, Norman and Beard, who manufactured theatre organs under the "Christie" brand.
HMS "Ganges" was an 84-gun second-rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, launched on 10 November 1821 at Bombay Dockyard, constructed from teak. She is notable for being the last sailing ship of the Navy to serve as a flagship, and was the second ship to bear the name.
Styx II
In 1989, personal problems (health and family issues) and creative differences forced Holland to leave Judas Priest. He was replaced by original Saints Or Sinners drummer Scott Travis, who had also previously played in the band Racer X.
After Warren left office on January 6, 1953, he moved to Miami, where he practiced law. He ran for governor again in 1956, promising "to maintain segregation in Florida." But, he lost the election to LeRoy Collins. 
According to Haggard, in November 1984, when he was an associate pastor of Bethany World Prayer Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, his confidant and mentor Danny Ost, a missionary to Mexico City, had a vision of Haggard founding his church in Colorado Springs. Accordingly, Haggard moved to Colorado shortly afterwards, and founded New Life Church. Initially, the 22 people who met in the basement of Haggard's house formed his church, which then grew to rented spaces in strip malls. Haggard was unconventional in his approach to ministering to people. Through random acts of kindness, Haggard would sometimes skip the morning offering and surprise needy people, like returning military personnel and single parents, with financial blessings by asking the congregation to lay money at their feet as they stood in front of the congregation. After 22 years, New Life Church operated from a campus in northern Colorado Springs and had a congregation of 14,000. In 1993, during what Haggard describes as his "first prayer journey," he traveled with a group to Israel. They stood on the Mount of Olives, where Haggard claimed to have felt the Holy Spirit speak to him. "From that time until now," Haggard writes in "The Life-Giving Church," "apostolic power has blessed me. My only problems are with me — not with the enemy, not with circumstances, not with people." 
Results.
Since 1997, Panoz cars have competed in racing series around the world. Panoz has shifted its American Le Mans and European racing programs toward production-based classes that allow Esperante variants to be raced in modified form. In addition to Le Mans series wins, an Esperante GTLM won the GT2 class at the 2006 24 Hours of Le Mans. For the 2007 American LeMans season, Panoz has contracted longtime BMW Motorsport partner Prototype Technology Group to campaign the GTLM in the ALMS and Le Mans. Panoz has also provided IndyCar with the G-Force IR3 and IR5; and the Champ Car World Series with their race car, the Panoz DP01.

A Polish combat engineering version of the Soviet T-55A main battle tank was also equipped with PW-LWD rockets. Although these were actually a rapid breaching system and not a weapon as such. 




The town of Castleblayney originated in the Tudor conquest of Gaelic Ulster in the Nine Years' War, 1583-1601. In 1611 the Crown granted forfeited lands in the area previously owned by the MacMahon chieftains to Sir Edward Blayney of Montgomeryshire in Wales for his service to Queen Elizabeth I. He became Baron of Monaghan and later, the first Lord Blayney. She had already granted him appropriated Augustinian church land (or 'termon') at Muckno Friary on the northeastern side of the lake in the Churchill area (Mullandoy) in 1606/7.

St Philip Neri Church Liverpool is home to the Roman Catholic chaplaincy to the Universities in Liverpool. It features a Byzantine inspired design by PS Gilby and was built between 1914 and 1920. There are exterior friezes depicting the Last Supper and of Our Lady and the Child Jesus inscribed with the two titles given to Our Lady at the Council of Ephesus in 431 AD, i.e. 'Deipara' (Latin: Mother of God) and 'Theotokos' (Greek : Bearing God) over the door onto Catherine Street. There is also a large stone incribed in Latin set in the wall bearing the name of Thomas (Whiteside), Archbishop of Liverpool 8 Oct 1916 which dates from the time the church was constructed. The parish grew from the school named 'The Institute' which opened in 1853 in nearby Hope Street. It was visited by the founder of the English Orotarians (Cardinal) John Henry Newman of The Oratory of St Philip Neri in Edgbaston, Birmingham. The parish and later the church were named after Saint Philip Neri in honour of Newman since Philip Neri had founded the original Oratory church in Rome.
On February 15, 2013, "February" won "Canada Reads 2013: Turf Wars". The novel was defended by Trent McLellan, and beat out Richard Wagamese's "Indian Horse", David Bergen's "The Age of Hope", Jane Urquhart's "Away", and Hugh MacLennan's "Two Solitudes". Coincidentally, the win fell on the 31st anniversary of the Ocean Ranger Disaster.
Reception.
"Kinnuyim".

Bassel Fleihan, a Lebanese legislator and Minister of Economy and Commerce was treated at Percy, having suffered major burns on 95% of his body when a massive bomb exploded on the Beirut seafront as he passed by in former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri's motorcade on February 14, 2005. Despite being seated beside Hariri, who was killed when the explosion occurred, Fleihan lived through the attack and was airlifted to Percy where he survived for 64 days before succumbing to his injuries.
Later life.

<doc id="1157592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1157592" title="Peter C. Doherty">
Stable prices is the main criteria for monetary stability. Stable prices are maintained by making sure price increases meet the Government's inflation target.
Michael B. McElroy is an atmospheric scientist.
Two main areas of nanopore sequencing in development are solid state nanopore sequencing, and protein based nanopore sequencing. Protein nanopore sequencing utilizes membrane protein complexes ∝-Hemolysin and MspA (Mycobacterium Smegmatis Porin A), which show great promise given their ability to distinguish between individual and groups of nucleotides. Whereas, solid-state nanopore sequencing utilizes synthetic materials such as silicon nitride and aluminum oxide and it is preferred for its superior mechanical ability and thermal and chemical stability. The fabrication method is essential for this type of sequencing given that the nanopore array can contain hundreds of pores with diameters smaller than eight nanometers.
Presidents of the Illinois Central Railroad have included:
History.
The church of Saint-Maxime was built from 1978 to 1980 by the "Œuvre des Chantiers du Cardinal". It is also designed by the architect Paul Henry and was dedicated to the Catholic faith on 16 November 1980 by Monseigneur Jacques Delarue.
The style originated in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, as southern African-American blues guitarists tried to imitate the popular ragtime piano music of the day, with the guitarist's thumb functioning as the pianist's left hand, and the other fingers functioning as the right hand. The first recorded examples were by players such as Blind Blake, Big Bill Broonzy, Memphis Minnie and Mississippi John Hurt. Some early blues players such as Blind Willie Johnson and Tampa Red added slide guitar techniques. Fingerpicking was soon taken up by country and Western artists such as Sam McGee, Ike Everly (father of The Everly Brothers), Merle Travis and "Thumbs" Carllile. Later Chet Atkins further developed the style.
The station is located on the opposite side of the Singapore River where Clarke Quay is actually situated. The distance between Clarke Quay and the previous station, Chinatown, is the shortest distance between two MRT stations in Singapore, a mere 360 metres. The reverse bungee ride, the Ministry of Sound nightclub and Club MoMo are located near to the station. The station occupies the site of the former Ellenborough Market, which has since been demolished. The shopping mall Riverside Point is also located near this station.
HMS "Valiant" was laid down 1 February 1861 by Westwood, Baillie in Cubitt Town. This company went bankrupt in November 1861 and was ultimately bought by Thames Ironworks, which delayed the ship's launching until 14 October 1863. In August 1865, after "Valiant" had been towed to Portsmouth for fitting out, the ship was inspected by French officers during a port visit by ironclads of the French Navy. Production of the new muzzle-loaded rifles was slow and ships already in commission had priority so "Valiant" was not commissioned until September 1868, nearly five years after she was launched.
<doc id="1159744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1159744" title="Cool James">
During the reign of Peter the Great, further changes were made. The collar of the newly established Order of Saint Andrew was added around the central escutcheon, and the crowns were changed to the imperial pattern after his assumption of the imperial title in 1721. At about this time, the eagle's color was changed from golden to black, which would be retained until the fall of the Russian monarchy in 1917. A final form for the eagle was adopted by imperial decree in 1729, and remained virtually unchanged until 1853.
3. The most common type of private care insurance pays a certain amount of money for each day where the insured is being taken care of. The big advantage of this type of insurance is that it does not look at the care level, which you usually have to fight about. 
In the 1989 New Year Honours, Kirwan was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire, for services to rugby.
An England hero.
<doc id="1160692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1160692" title="Mount Campbell">
Its initial population growth spanned the ten years from 1909 to 1919. Excursion trains used to run on weekends to Port O'Connor and an estimated 10,000 tourists came every summer.
Robinson played a small child's metallophone (despite his nickname) with a limited repertoire. His seemingly random hitting of bars was a familiar noise in the city centre and, despite his lack of musical ability, his excitable and enthusiastic approach to his instrument endeared him to the Nottingham public and also earned him something of a cult following.
Berlusconi's II foreign policy was characterised by a strong atlanticist trend, coupled with a positive attitude towards Putin's Russia and Erdogan's Turkey. 
The Socialist Environmental Alliance (SEA) was a left wing political party which operated in Northern Ireland, based largely in the city of Derry, The SEA has in the past benefited from the support of the Communist Party of Ireland and the Newtownabbey Labour Party, although the dominant organised group within it is the Socialist Workers Party.
Hooker fails to find any of them “an unambiguous source for the Hobbits of Middle-earth.”
Reach for the Sky is a 1956 British biographical film about aviator Douglas Bader, based on the 1954 biography of the same name by Paul Brickhill. The film stars Kenneth More and was directed by Lewis Gilbert. It won the BAFTA Award for Best British Film of 1956.
