Death.
History.
The mathematical definition of a matrix finds applications in computing and database management, a basic starting point being the concept of arrays. A two-dimensional array can function exactly like a matrix.
Puerto Rico has representation in the Royal Spanish Academy (Real Academia Española) and has its own national academy along with the other Spanish-speaking countries of Latin America.
Kate Aitken (April 6, 1891 – December 11, 1971) was a Canadian radio and television broadcaster in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. As Mrs. A, she was one of the most famous hosts on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in her era.
By the Tang Dynasty study of mathematics was fairly standard in the great schools. The Ten Computational Canons was a collection of ten Chinese mathematical works, compiled by early Tang dynasty mathematician Li Chunfeng (李淳风 602－670），as the official mathematical texts for imperial examinations in mathematics.
In 1978, Nolan was elected to the California State Assembly, serving the 41st district comprising Glendale, Burbank, Toluca Lake and Sunland-Tujunga.
"The Music Man" (Roud 17774) is a popular cumulative folksong among children, rugby players, and Hash House Harriers.
In June 2011, the Getty Research Institute announced the acquisition of the The Harald Szeemann Archive and Library, probably one of the most important research collection for Art (especially for Modern and Contemporary Art) worldwide. Szeemann constituted his archive and library during his whole lifetime, it contains thousands of documents related to his practice as an art historian, art critic and curator.


In addition to the Humanist Party, the Community for Human Development later recommended also the formation of a party based on a new humanist approach to ecology. The subsequent formation of a party called "The Greens" caused much confusion in Europe where The Greens and the Green Party were fighting elections against one another. This led to a great deal of bad feeling from the Green Party. Eventually, the environmental policies of The Greens were incorporated within the Humanist Party, which resulted in their merger.
Mechanism of action.
Awards.

Bloess is an avid cyclist and cycles both in town and on holidays. He tends to vote for cycling improvements.
History.
Other learned Academies.
The song "Ibi Dreams of Pavement (A Better Day)" refers to Canadian novelist Ibi Kaslik, a friend of the band. It is also suggested that Broken Social Scene is used as basis for a band that appears in Kaslik's second novel "The Angel Riots", about a rising indie rock band from Montreal. Kaslik attended the Etobicoke School of the Arts with members of the band and helped them on their first tour of Canada and the United States. Although Kaslik stated "It's definitely based on a world that I know", she brushed off claims that the connection goes very deep, saying "it would be mistaken and scurrilous to try to identify individual people". She warns against "scouring the pages for thinly disguised characterizations of [...] Kevin Drew, [...] Emily Haines or [...] Amy Millan".
Later, the Leaper showed up as member of a small army of villains organized by Klaw to invade Wakanda, which included Rhino, Radioactive Man, the Cannibal, and the villainous Black Knight. He was defeated by Black Panther's royal bodyguards.
Fourth mission.
<doc id="1528294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1528294" title="Miomir Žužul">
The Tigers fell to the Brisbane Bullets in the pre-season Blitz, which perhaps proved an omen for the upcoming season. With a roster that was legitimately 10 deep, the Bullets dominated the season, en route to an NBL record 21 game win streak and defeated the Tigers 3–1 in the Finals.
Antarctic Submillimeter Telescope and Remote Observatory, or AST/RO, was a 1.7 meter diameter off-axis telescope for research in astronomy and aeronomy at wavelengths between 0.2 and 2 mm. The instrument operated between 1994 and 2005 at the South Pole with four heterodyne receivers and three acousto-optical spectrometers. 
It was discovered by Max Wolf on December 16, 1892 in Heidelberg.
The sap flows about a month later than maple sap, and much faster. The trees can be tapped in a similar fashion, but must be gathered about three times more often. Birch sap can be boiled the same as maple sap, but its syrup is stronger (like molasses).
Angella Taylor was the 1982 Commonwealth 100 m champion in 11.00, a Commonwealth record and Games record, and anchored Canada to gold in the 4 x 400 m relay. She also took a bronze in the 200 m, and won a silver as part of the 4 x 100 m relay. Once again she improved upon the Canadian records for 100 m (11.00) and 200 m (22.25), She injured her sciatic nerve in the off season training for the 1983 season, which troubled her for the rest of her career.
Free-to-view schemes outside the UK.
About.
<br clear=all>
In the interim two weeks between the beginning of MyNetworkTV's and the end of UPN's existence in early to mid-September, WCGV continued to show select UPN programs on Sunday afternoons, airing "Friday Night SmackDown", followed by "Girlfriends", "Everybody Hates Chris" and "All of Us" from 12-5 p.m., all which were renewed by The CW and moved to channel 18. WCGV is one of the few stations in the country to have been affiliated with both News Corporation-owned networks, Fox and MyNetworkTV.
"Packardbakers".
PPDDL (Probabilistic PDDL) 1.0 was the official language of the probabilistic track of the 4th and 5th IPC in 2004 and 2006 respectively.
Biography.
Viewer "Challenges".
Litton was a close friend of David Brower, Edward Abbey, and other major figures in the conservation movement. Brower first recruited him in 1952 for a campaign to oppose the construction of two dams in Dinosaur National Monument. Congress voted down approval for the dams in 1956. This began a longtime association with the Sierra Club and a lifelong opposition to dam-building on the Colorado. He was active in the fight to stop dams from being constructed within Grand Canyon National Park. A 1964 river trip led by Martin Litton, which included David Brower, Philip Hyde and author Francois Leydet, led to the publication of the 1964 book authored by Leydet, "Time and the River Flowing," with photographs by Ansel Adams, Philip Hyde and others, which helped galvanize opposition to the proposed dams within the Grand Canyon.
Garto.
The Deaf Equipment Acquisition Fund or DEAF is a trust fund designed to pay the cost of specialized telecommunications equipment for the deaf or hearing impaired and to pay the cost of operating and deploying a dual-party relay system.
Roth directed the music video for Snoop Lion's lead single "La La La" from his upcoming reggae-genre album "Reincarnated" which was released on April 23, 2013.
<doc id="1532257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1532257" title="Midtown Tunnel (Virginia)">
528 Bailey Bill
Eko Fresh

New York Conspiracy of 1741
At the Battle of Ctesiphon (363) the victorious Roman soldiers prized young Persian women, seizing them as war booty.
In 2005, Chris Anderson hired June Cohen as Director of TED Media. In June 2006, after Cohen's idea of a TV show based on TED lectures was rejected by several networks, a selection of talks that had received the highest audience ratings was posted on the websites of TED, YouTube, and iTunes, under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0. Initially, only a handful of talks were posted, to test if there was an audience for them. In January of the next year, the number of TED Talks on the site had grown to 44, and they had been viewed more than three million times. On the basis of that success, the organization pumped hundreds of thousands of dollars into its video production operations and into the development of a Web site to showcase about 100 of the talks.
