Louis Réard (1897 – 16 September 1984) was a French automobile engineer until the early 1940s when he became a clothes designer, and for a start to make swimsuits. He is best known for launching a two-piece swimsuit in 1946, which he called the bikini.
<doc id="19354259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19354259" title="Off the Leash">
Background and recording.
Mark Foran was once referred to as a "giant" by the then Peterborough United manager Barry Fry. The 6'4" defender featured briefly during footage of the video "Great Balls of Fire" hosted by Vinny Jones when Fry was heard to shout "We've got a giant, why don't you fucking use him!" at one of his players.
Providence is home to an park system, notably Waterplace Park and Riverwalk, Roger Williams Park, Roger Williams National Memorial, and Prospect Terrace Park, the latter featuring expansive views of the downtown area. As one of the first cities in the country, Providence contains many historic buildings while the East Side neighborhood in particular includes the largest contiguous area of buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. with many pre-revolutionary houses. The East Side is also home to the First Baptist Church in America, the oldest Baptist church in the Americas, founded by Roger Williams in 1638, as well as the Old State House, which served as the state's capitol from 1762 to 1904. Nearby is Roger Williams National Memorial. Downcity Providence is home to the fourth-largest unsupported dome in the world (the second-largest marble dome after St. Peter's Basilica in Rome), as well as the Westminster Arcade, which is the oldest enclosed shopping center in the U.S.

From Hero of the Rails onward, Thomas is voiced by Martin Sherman (US) and Ben Small (UK).
The 2008–09 Malian Première Division was the 44th season of the Highest-Level of Professional Soccer in Mali.
Mongolia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Academic programs and departments.
History.
IPF was originally created as an offshoot of the Israel Labor Party. In 1997, it absorbed Project Nishma, a Washington-based organization that specialized in mobilizing Israeli military authorities who argued that the peace process was in Israel’s security interests.


Economy.
Ricardo Flores Peres
As of Labor Day, gas was $3.41, 18 cents lower than in 2013. Low demand and high North American production cancelled out effects of troubles in the Middle East and Ukraine. West Texas crude was below $94 on August 27 and Brent crude below $103.
"The Web", 1977 (10 min.): silent, color; 8 mm

The fellowship is an initiative of the Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation, together with the CDTI (Centre for the Development of Industrial Technology).
These are the films Rita appeared in as actress or singer-pianist or both.

During the Vietnam War (1956-1975) he was known for giving Saint Christopher medals and Rosaries and giving them out to American G.I.s on R & R in Japan (also to GI's stationed as peacekeeping forces in South Korea). The medals were inscribed with the Veterans Initials. 
In:

However, "Synchronized Tremolo" type found on the Fender Stratocaster is balanced against a set of screws in much the same manner as a locking tremolo and offers little improvement in the way of sounds transfer. 
2005 United Kingdom general election result in Glasgow
7th century BC.
Yorktown High School (New York)
Marsden was the son of Reginald Edward Marsden and his wife Vere Mary (née Dillon). He was born at Dehra Dun in India, where his father, who later joined the Eton mathematics staff, was then a Forest Officer. Marsden was educated at St Cyprian's School, Eastbourne and Eton where he won the pulling and the sculling events as well as the mile, the half-mile and the steeplechase. On leaving Eton he wanted to return to teach modern languages, but was turned down because he did not have a degree. He spent four years studying for a doctorate from the University of Bonn and returned with fluency in German and French as well as good Italian, Spanish and Norwegian. He was successful at his second interview at Eton in 1938.
Prevention.
January.
Annual conferences.
<doc id="19381262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19381262" title="1996 Buffalo Bills season">
Lehman Brothers Investment Management Director George Herbert Walker IV dismissed the proposal, going so far as to actually apologize to other members of the Lehman Brothers executive committee for the idea of bonus reduction having been suggested. He wrote, "Sorry team. I am not sure what's in the water at Neuberger Berman. I'm embarrassed and I apologize."
Aftermath.
