Born in the old University of Coimbra, the "Festa das Latas" and the "Queima das Fitas" are two important student festivities in the city, and are part of the "praxe académica" (academic praxis) of Coimbra.
Al Muntazir School
The Fabulous Ones
The Buxton National Historic Site and Museum is a tribute to the Elgin Settlement, established in 1849 by Rev. William King and an association which included Lord Elgin, then the Governor General of Canada. King, a former slave owner turned abolitionist, purchased of crown land in Southwestern Ontario and created a haven for fugitive slaves and free Blacks. 
Olivais (Lisbon)
Anthony Evans began his coaching career at Ulster County CC, in Kingston, NY. In the 2001 season, Evans led his squad to a 23-8 record and a runner up finish in region XV and was named Region coach of the year.
Club.
In law, unring the bell is an analogy used to suggest the difficulty of forgetting information once it is known. When discussing jury trials, the phrase is sometimes used to describe the judge's instructions to the jury to ignore inadmissible evidence or statements they have heard. It may also be used if inadmissible evidence has been brought before a jury and the judge subsequently declares a mistrial.
The following shinma are from the TV series:
She won the high jump event at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships in Guangzhou and again at the 2011 event in Kobe. Further she ended 5th at the 2010 World Indoor Championships in Doha and 6th at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu. 
15. Night Shift - "Vanishing Point"
<doc id="11616985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11616985" title="Roods Landing Site">
It is associated with a reflex identified by Augustus Volney Waller and Julius Ludwig Budge in 1852.

The former name is "Ecclesia de Cavenone", the name of a monastery which was destroyed in the French Revolution.
Jeffrey "Jeff" Wilkins (born March 9, 1955) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA and other leagues. A 6'11" 230 lb center born in Chicago, Illinois, Wilkins played college basketball at Illinois State University and was selected with the 15th pick in the 2nd round of the 1977 NBA Draft by the San Antonio Spurs.

<doc id="11624056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11624056" title="Arie Zeev Raskin">
Depresija is located in Sime Matavulja Street between Liman and Telep and is part of the "Ivo Andrić" local community.
Columbia Turnpike may refer to:
<doc id="11627913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11627913" title="Danny Diaz &amp; The Checkmates">
The Center for European Policy Analysis (CEPA) is an independent, non-profit, non-partisan public policy research institute dedicated to the study of Central and Eastern Europe. Founded in 2005, CEPA provides a forum for scholarly research, writing and debate on key issues affecting the countries and economies of the Central and Eastern European region, their membership in the European Union (EU) and relationship with the United States.
Butterworth was regarded as "one of Ohio’s big four politically". The quartet was William McKinley, Joseph Benson Foraker, Charlie Foster and Butterworth. He died January 16, 1898 from a severe attack of pneumonia, at Thomasville, Georgia, where he had gone for his health. He was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery, Washington, D.C.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1880.
In United States aviation, a special flight rules area (SFRA) is a region in which the normal regulations of flight do not apply in whole or in part, especially regulations concerning airspace classification, altitude, course, and speed restrictions, and the like.
