Detroit Lions.
<doc id="10968041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10968041" title="1936 French Championships – Men's Singles">
John LeConte

Pre-draft.
The seeded players are listed below. Billie Jean King is the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.
<doc id="10971368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10971368" title="FIL European Luge Natural Track Championships">
Eccellenza Sicily
Jim Cason
This was Jean Borotra (one of the Four Musketeers) second and last singles win at his native Slam.

Mike Gillespie may refer to:
Functionality.
Litigation.

White took on the role of RFU National Referee Academy manager in September 2010, performing this role whilst continuing to referee in the Aviva Premiership. White's 190th and final Aviva Premiership game was on September 24 between Worcester and Harlequins. His final match before retirement took place on December 3, 2011, when he refereed the Help4Heroes Rugby Challenge between the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. White retired after this game to take up his role as National Referee Academy manager on a full-time basis.
A gale "d" is called "constructive", "c.e.", or "lower semi-computable" if the numbers formula_3 are uniformly left-c.e. reals (i.e. can uniformly be written as the limit of an increasing computable sequence of rationals).
1942 U.S. National Championships (tennis)
Starting the casting: First a short prayer is recited and then a small amount of metal is poured into a depression in a warm rock. When it has cooled it is broken apart and the size of the jagged teeth at the fractured surface reveals whether the melting process has come to an end or not. If they are too short, copper has to be added, if they are too long, tin. In order to guide the metal into the form, cone shaped pins are pushed in. The hole thus created lets the melt stream out, first into a curved trough and then into the bell form. 
She was the first woman ever to lift weight at the Olympic Games, competing in the 48 kg category at the Sydney Olympics in 2000. She finished sixth in the women's 53 kg weight class at the 2004 Summer Olympics, lifting a total of 177.5 kg. She was her country's flag-bearer at the 2004 Games.
In March 2011, The house that Target uses for filming in Tauranga was uncovered by an electrician who had been called to fit a power point in the bedroom. The electrician started the job but quickly suspected something was out of the ordinary when he noticed a diary lying open next to where he was working, bikinis on the bed, and photographs of women. He also found a hidden camera in a smoke alarm. He left the job immediately and phoned his lawyer who advised him not to continue. This event has not aired yet.

Notes.

In 2005-06, the Eagles reached the 20-win plateau for the third consecutive season and won their second MAC West title with a 15-1 conference record, notching the most league wins in school history. Their 22-8 overall record put them into the postseason for the third straight year as the Eagles earned a bid to the WNIT. EMU's 1st round opponent, Indiana State, defeated the Eagles 79-57. While on maternity leave for most of her final season at EMU, Merchant's Eagles finished second in the MAC West Division with a 10-6 league record and finished 16-13 overall, losing to Kent State 70-56 in the MAC conference semi-finals.
The first decorated Seabee hero of the war, Seaman 2nd Class Lawrence C. "Bucky" Meyer, USNR, was among the Seabees of the 6th battalion who worked on Henderson Field. In his off-time, he salvaged and repaired an abandoned machine gun, which, on 3 October 1942, he used to shoot down a Japanese Zero fighter making a strafing run. For this exploit, he was awarded the Silver Star. It was, however, a posthumous award, for 13 days after shooting down the plane, "Bucky" Myer was killed in action when the gasoline barge on which he was working was struck by Japanese naval gunfire.
This list's taxonomic treatment (designation and sequence of orders, families, and species) and nomenclature (common and scientific names) follow the conventions of Clements's 5th edition. The family accounts at the beginning of each heading reflects this taxonomy, as do the species counts found in each family account. Introduced and accidental species are included in the total counts for Tokelau.
Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds. Their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.
The following are the minimum qualifications to be considered for a retailer license: 
<doc id="10986073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10986073" title="Röhrenbach">

<doc id="10987434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10987434" title="Joan Salvat-Papasseit">
By 2004 Prendergast was a regular member of the starting fifteen. That year Waterford qualified for a third successive Munster final with Cork providing the opposition once again. Described as the game that had everything Waterford beat Cork by 3-16 to 1-21 to win one of the greatest games of hurling ever played. It was Prendergast's first Munster medal. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Waterford take on a wounded Kilkenny team. In spite of this 'the Cats' were the winners by 3-12 to 0-18.
Atlanta (GA). Modern Primitive Gallery.

Season 8 (2007).
In 1981 France clinched the Grand Slam at Twickenham. The 1983 championship came down to the last game played against holders Ireland at Lansdowne Road, Ireland triumphed 22–16. Scotland and France meet in a Grand Slam decider at Murrayfield, the Scots secure the Grand Slam. The 1986 Five Nations title is shared by Scotland and France after both won three games and lost one. An inexperienced team New Zealand team arrived in France in the autumn. The vast majority of New Zealand's top players had taken part in a rebel tour of South Africa in 1986 and had been banned. Despite this the 'Baby Blacks' won 19–7 in Toulouse. France won 16–3 over the All Blacks in the 'Battle of Nantes' in 1986. 
In addition, Kandarian has also moved the company away from retail banking. On July 21, 2011, MetLife said the company would seek to sell its deposit banking business. In announcing the move, Kandarian said it "was not appropriate for the overwhelming majority of our business to be governed by regulations written for banking institutions."[http://www.metlife.com/about/press-room/index.html] Three months later, MetLife said it would look to sell its residential mortgage lending business as well, saying the marketplace and regulatory environment for the business was uncertain and that the company needed to focus its resources on its global insurance and employee benefits businesses.
Ball acquired a controlling interest in Florida East Coast Railroad for the Alfred I. duPont Testamentary Trust in 1960, which allowed the railroad to finally emerge from bankruptcy. On October 9, 2000, JOE spun off to its shareholders the 54% equity interest in FECI through the distribution of FECI Class B common shares.
<doc id="10993859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10993859" title="Auditing Standards Board">


"This is an of 75 Countries and Dependencies, which may never be able to satisfy particular standards for completeness. You can help by expanding it with ."
Legacy.

Weyland or Weylandt may refer to:
Upon the formation of Kate, the Bureau of Meteorology warned vessels to avoid traveling near the storm due to rough seas and wind gusts up to . Although the storm was deemed to have not been a threat to Queensland, officials urged residents to ensure their disaster kits were ready and that preparations for a moderate storm, such as storing lose outdoor objects and clearing gutters, had been completed. Although the storm had no direct impact on land, large swells produced by the system affected most of the Queensland coastline. In the Shire of Noosa, six surfers sustained serious injuries after wading into turbulent waters. Waves up to tossed the six surfers, leaving them with injuries ranging from broken noses and fractured ankles to head wounds from surfboards.
Engines on display.
By the 1960s, with education developing fast in Nigeria, Evans felt ready to move to the next level of expansion. The need was felt to embark on more targeted publishing and stronger marketing and distribution. A decision to set up a full fledged Nigerian company was taken and Evans Brothers(Nigeria Publishers) Limited was formed. The company was issued a certificate of incorporation on 6 December 1966, with business taking off in earnest early the following year. Mr Joop Berkhout was appointed its pioneer General Manager and subsequently, Managing Director.
Vijfheerenlanden consists of three municipalities: Vianen (Utrecht), Leerdam (South Holland) and Zederik (South Holland). The largest city of Vijfheerenlanden is Vianen, which is a major node in the Dutch network of roads and rivers. The second largest city is Leerdam.
Rains recently collaborated with Johnny Weir to raise money for The Trevor Project. Together they designed a t-shirt with the logo "Army of One" to encourage kids to be strong and keep believing in themselves.
<doc id="11004487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11004487" title="WMH">
Devils Lake (Minnesota)
Overview.


<doc id="11009526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11009526" title="Jillian Becker">
