New York Times Visualization Lab.
Blackberry version.
MMA (Nantucket) Aquarium.
In the 1955 parliamentary election, PPD got 146,054 votes (0.4% of the nationwide vote), and got one seat in the People's Representative Council from West Kalimantan. The party obtained 33.1% of the votes in West Kalimantan, becoming the second largest party in the area (after Masjumi). In South Kalimantan however, the party only got 1.5% of the popular vote (in the Dayak-dominated Central Kalimantan areas the party received 6.2% of the votes). In the election to the West Kalimantan provincial council in the same year, the party won nine out of 29 seats.
The National Council for Children, Adolescents, and the Family continues to conduct public awareness campaigns and operates a national hot line, which children use to call for advice, make complaints, and report instances of abuse or other rights violations. Prosecutors and police pursue cases of Internet child pornography. In June 2008 the Congress passed a law criminalizing child pornography; however, the law does not penalize possession by individuals for personal use. The press and local NGOs reported that children were involved in sexual exploitation, sex tourism, and drug trafficking. Drawing on police statistics, the press estimates that approximately 5,000 children are recruited every year for pornography activities and sex tourism.
Runzler grew up in Simi Valley, California and graduated from Chaminade College Prep before attending the University of California, Riverside, and was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the 17th round (501st overall) of the 2006 amateur entry draft but did not sign. In the 2007 amateur entry draft, he was selected by the San Francisco Giants in the 9th round (284th overall).
Language:English
Taylor was born at Halesowen in the West Midlands and started his professional football career in January 1910 with Stourbridge, playing in the Birmingham & District League. In the summer of 1910, he moved to Yorkshire to join Hull City of the Football League Second Division, where he spent a year in the reserves, failing to break into the first-team.
Robina Qureshi is the executive director of Positive Action in Housing, a Scottish charity that is involved in countering racism and discrimination, particularly in housing. 
<doc id="24208430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24208430" title="Ballynure Old Boys F.C.">
