Since distances in the area are quite big, many students live in small apartments closer to the school (e.g. students from the areas farthest away may take up to an hour of travel every day by bus just to get to school).
Early career.
Unusual memory conditions.
Publishing history.
Sigma, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois, April 24, 1938

Jean-Thomas Taschereau (November 26, 1778 – June 14, 1832) was a son of Gabriel-Elzéar Taschereau and Marie-Louise-Élizabeth Bazin. He was a seigneur, lawyer, judge and politician.
<doc id="3454905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3454905" title="Charles Wakefield Cadman">
Rachael had a good year in 1999 winning the Swiss Open, Germering Open and Indian Open beating Claire Waddell, Sabine Schoene and Claire Nitch respectively. She ended the year ranked No. 18 on the WISPA Tour.
In January 2010, the Navy began considering new Navy Working Uniform patterns modified from MARPAT, named Type II and Type III, desert and woodland, respectively. These patterns are overall darker than their respective MARPAT progenitors, modified with different color shades and a vertically-aligned pixel pattern for the woodland version (compared to the horizontal alignment of woodland MARPAT). The additional patterns addressed the fact that the blue and grey Type I pattern was not meant for a tactical environment (the Battle Dress Uniform and Desert Camouflage Uniform are still used for this purpose). Backlash from Marines, including an objection from Commandant Conway, led to restrictions when NAVADMIN 374/09 was released: the Type II to Naval Special Warfare personnel, while Type III is restricted to Navy ground units.
At the hospital, George, Jerry, Kramer and Elaine are informed that Susan has died from licking the envelopes (which contained toxic glue). George and the others seem unaffected by her death; Elaine, Jerry, and Kramer show some sympathy for George (with Kramer blurting "Poor Lily"). The tables have turned for Jerry since "he" is now engaged and George, with the death of Susan, isn't. George then casually suggests that the group go out for coffee, to which Jerry yells out to him "We had a pact!", much like how George said to him during the season.
Of the North Nova Scotia Highlanders were: 
Molecular Imaging emerged in the early twenty-first century as a discipline at the intersection of molecular biology and "in vivo" imaging. It enables the visualisation of the cellular function and the follow-up of the molecular process in living organisms without perturbing them. The multiple and numerous potentialities of this field are applicable to the diagnosis of diseases such as cancer, and neurological and cardiovascular diseases. This technique also contributes to improving the treatment of these disorders by optimizing the pre-clinical and clinical tests of new medication. They are also expected to have a major economic impact due to earlier and more precise diagnosis.
CITF-FM

House System.
This tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and shrublands biome stretches from western Bhutan to southern Nepal's Terai, westward to Banke, covering the Dang and Deukhuri Valleys along the Rapti River to India's Bhabhar and Doon Valleys. Each end crosses the border into India's states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The eastern and central areas are wetter than the western end. 
Some have posited that Di Lorenzo intended that this film should present a feminist slant to the mad scientist genre.
The Lefschetz hyperplane theorem for complex projective varieties.
Early years.
The Inquisitions in Italy.
The chapel was commissioned in 1538 by the order of Pope Paul III and completed in 1540 under the design and supervision of Antonio da Sangallo the Younger. The Cappella Paolina served as both the Chapel of the Sacrament and the Chapel of the Conclave. Paul III dedicated the chapel to the Feast of the Conversion of St Paul, a festival to which he displayed particular devotion.
All other prostanoids originate from PGH (as PGH1, PGH2, or PGH3). 
National under-21 football team
Biography.
Organization.
Series 3: Science and mathematics (6 titles planned)
Plot summary.
1HD-T.
• Bjelajci

The station began operations on February 15, 1950 with the call sign WSYR-TV. It was owned by Advance Publications (the Newhouse family's company) along with the "Syracuse Post-Standard", "Syracuse Herald-Journal", and WSYR radio (AM 570 and FM 94.5, now WYYY). It was Syracuse's second television station, signing on a year and three months after WHEN-TV (now WTVH). It originally had facilities at the Kemper Building in Downtown Syracuse. In 1958, WSYR-AM-FM-TV moved to new studios on James Street. 
Genetic information provides a unique type of knowledge about an individual and his/her family, fundamentally different from a typically laboratory test that provides a "snapshot" of an individual's health status. The unique status of genetic information and inherited disease has a number of ramifications with regard to ethical, legal, and societal concerns.
The projector could be controlled by a console where an individual presenter would provide specific talks or lectures. By the mid-1970s, automation features were added, which led to the creation of prerecorded shows. Most visitors to the facility would have seen an automated 40- to 45-minute audio/visual show on a particular space-related topic. Two types of shows were typically alternated on a daily basis: one aimed at families with young children and another aimed at older children and adults. Typical shows aimed at both audience types were built around themes such as space travel, the mythical stories behind the constellations, and around Christmas-time, a show that investigated theories on stellar explanations for the Star of Bethlehem. A listing from 1970 includes shows titled "The Story of Eclipses", which looked at how solar eclipses occur and their scientific importance, "Man and the Zodiac" which explored the history of mythology and astrology with regard to the night sky, and "The Planet Venus" which surveyed the history of the planet in mythology, the planet's motion across the sky and featured imagined views from its surface.
As their name suggests, taxanes were first derived from natural sources, but some have been synthesized artificially. Paclitaxel was originally derived from the Pacific yew tree. Taxanes are difficult to synthesize because of their numerous chiral centres — Taxol has 11 of these. 
Saski Baskonia.



In the 7th century, Khaybar was inhabited by Jews, who pioneered the cultivation of the oasis and made their living growing date palm trees, as well as through commerce and craftsmanship, accumulating considerable wealth. Some objects found by the Muslims when they entered Khaybar — a siege-engine, 20 bales of Yemenite cloth, and 500 cloaks — point out to an intense trade carried out by the Jews. In the past some scholars attempted to explain the siege-engine by suggesting that it was used for settling quarrels among the families of the community. Today most academics believe it was stored in a depôt for future sale, in the same way that swords, lances, shields, and other weaponry had been sold by the Jews to Arabs. Equally, the cloth and the cloaks may have been intended for sale, as it was unlikely that such a quantity of luxury goods were kept for the exclusive use of the Jews.
