Cyclodes (moth)
KZTB broadcasts a Spanish-language regional Mexican format as part of Adelante's nationally syndicated "La Gran D" radio network. The station serves the greater Tri-Cities, Washington, area. The Tri-Cities area, dubbed the "Heart of Washington's Wine Country", is now home to an increasing population of Hispanics, primarily immigrants from Mexico.
ChristianCinema.com was co-founded in 1999 in Visalia, California, by brothers, Kevin (President) and Bobby Downes (CEO). They wanted to make movies and create a system for independent filmmakers to distribute their films. Bobby designed the website in the small apartment where he lived, Kevin shipped the first movie from his spare bedroom, and they produced their first movie, "The Moment After," the same year. It has been shown on the Trinity Broadcasting Network, and its website gives filmmakers a place to submit screening copies of their work with the possibility of being distributed and promoted by the website. The company now has its own warehouse and 14 employees. Angela Walker (director of producer relations) sends a weekly e-newsletter with recommendations about new releases and more to over 58,000 people. Jared Geesey is the Vice President of ChristianCinema.com.

<doc id="22171781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22171781" title="KGCV">
In 2007, Kaspersky Internet Security 7 received an award from the British magazine "PC Pro" and also won a place in its "A List".
Canal 9 HD launched on August 15, 2012. From the start, it was available from Canal Digital, Stofa, YouSee & TDC TV several community antennas and fiber networks.
In the United States.

Saqafi died on 21 March 2009, in Tehran after a long illness at the age of 96. Thousands of people attended her funeral, including the Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and then President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Saqafi was buried next to her husband at his Mausoleum in Behesht-e Zahra. She was survived by her three daughters.
Musical equipment.
<doc id="22178643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22178643" title="Henry Pike Bowie">
The Edinburgh by-election, 1941 was a parliamentary by-election held on 11 December 1941 for the British House of Commons constituency of Edinburgh Central in Scotland.

Erygia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Key influences include The Minutemen, Wire, The 13th Floor Elevators, Swell Maps, Can, and Sonic Youth. Their music has been described as "the sound of being hit with a velvet glove dipped in molten iron." The Mercurymen's contemporaries include C'mon, The Sadies, Dearly Beloved and Broken Social Scene.
