Sherko Bekas () (2 May 1940 – 4 August 2013), was a Kurdish poet. He was born on 2 May 1940 in Sulaimaniya in Iraqi Kurdistan as a son of the Kurdish poet Fayak Bekas.
<doc id="3335698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3335698" title="Pacific Research Institute">
Singer Joseph Hill said "Two Sevens Clash," Culture's most influential record, was based on a prediction by Marcus Garvey, who said there would be chaos on July 7, 1977, when the "sevens" met. With its apocalyptic message, the song created a stir in his Caribbean homeland and many Jamaican businesses and schools shuttered their doors for the day.
Multiplying the dividend and divisor by the factor yields:

Logitech Media Server also works with networked music players, such as the Roku SoundBridge M1001, although Logitech does not officially support these competing products. Chumby devices also support streaming music from a Logitech Media Server, as does the Rio Receiver when running replacement software (slimrio) to emulate the SliMP3 device, although it is limited to modest bitrates (<128kps).
Officer
LeFleur's Bluff State Park


Then as regards rural districts, the union is the administrative area with which we have to deal. Except in 25 cases, in which, if I may use the expression, the union consists of a single parish, the union is an aggregation of parishes. There are 648 unions altogether. There are 137 in two counties and 32 in three counties. The Guardians by whom the union is administered are elected or ex officio. The Local Government Board fixes the number of elected Guardians, but there is required to be one Guardian for every constituent parish. There is a property qualification and plural voting, and voting by proxy. We could not ask the House to continue the existing powers in, much less to confer new powers upon, an authority so constituted and so irresponsible ... We therefore propose to abolish, firstly, all ex officio or non-elective Guardians ... there shall be no plural voting, no proxy voting, and no voting papers, but voting by Ballot and One Man One Vote ... Having made the Guardians a popularly elected body, we do not propose to disturb the existing machinery. We take the Rural Sanitary Authority as it now exists, but elected and qualified under new conditions, and we continue that as the Rural District Council. Therefore, the Rural District Council will be the old Rural Sanitary Authority altered, and, I think, very much improved ... Then we propose to abolish all separate Highway Authorities in rural districts and to transfer the whole powers of the Highway Board or the highway parish to the Rural District Council.
The sanitary districts were abolished in 1899, under the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, being merged in boroughs, or forming urban and rural districts. A large number of the rural sanitary districts were broken up into smaller rural districts along county lines, often taking the name of the sanitary district followed by a number - for instance, Ballyshannon rural sanitary district was split into Ballyshannon No. 1, Ballyshannon No. 2 and Ballyshannon No. 3 rural districts in Counties Donegal, Fermanagh and Leitrim respectively.
Heligmosomoides polygyrus (formerly known as "Nematospiroides dubius") is a common parasitic nematode found in the duodenum and small intestine of woodmice and other rodents.
River Hill High School opened in 1996. The school population peaked in 2002 with 1,755 students, but has steadily decreased because several other high schools have opened in Howard County to ease the population strain on the existing schools. The school is known for strong academics with over 99% of the students passing the Maryland high school assessments.
Dopod.
Plot.
Alessandro Pinheiro Martins (1983 – December 6, 2005), nicknamed "Alessandro", was a Brazilian football (soccer) player. He was born in São Luís, Maranhão.
At the extreme end, soft-coded programs develop their own poorly designed and implemented scripting languages, and configuration files that require advanced programming skills to edit. This can lead to the production of utilities to assist in configuring the original program, and these utilities often end up being 'softcoded' themselves.
"The Birkdalian" has, since the mid-twentieth century, been the school magazine. Currently published once a year late in the Christmas term it provides an account of a year in the life of the school. Articles are written by staff and pupils and edited by a small group of staff and senior pupils.
Development.
Reed was active in politics.
Jumbo Machinder NEO.
The logging industry was thriving in the 19th century in the Chadwick area, with the St. Louis Salem and Arkansas Railroad running 34.86 miles between North Springfield and Chadwick.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
<doc id="3345456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3345456" title="William P. Lawrence">
After a period of confusion, in R v Sataam and Kewal, the Court of Appeal held that this test did not apply to the meaning of the word "reckless" in the definition of rape in section 1 of the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 1976. 
