Kaspar Glatz (died 1551) was a minor figure in reformation-era Lutheranism. Trained in the early days of the reformation by Martin Luther at Wittenberg, he served as a pastor in the new movement for more than 20 years. The most comprehensive biographical sketch is contained in the late nineteenth-century "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie".
Gnags
Up to the late 1960s the distances for track championships were affected by economic factors. Combined athletic and cycling meetings were held in every part of the country and attracted large attendances, the outstanding cyclists of the day were household names. This led to the organisers of meetings demanding a championship (county, provincial or national) to attract bigger gates. The number of championships was increased to meet this demand and this has created difficulties in compiling these lists because one cannot be sure that the absence of a result for an event is due to lack of research or the fact that the event did not take place in a particular year. There were, of course, core distances that were regularly raced for many years. No matter what the motive for putting them on the calendar these championships were keenly contested and the winners are due as much respect as those who won the events that have persisted through the years.
<doc id="18464392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464392" title="Willie Ferguson">
Paquet's philosophy was characterised by some of the strictest ultramontane principles of the times (hence Forest's description of his "Droit"). He was one of the most vocal and noticeable opponent of women's voting rights in the 20s and 30s, and is even credited by some as a major agent of the strong social conservatism that would remain prevalent until the 50s; his influence nonetheless declined as public interest moved away from the religious to the social aspect of socio-religious issue, and his writing is considered of little interest in modern theological or social discussions beyond historic or historiographic considerations. A large collection of his papers, primarily from his career at Laval, are part of the Quebec Seminary archives. The Pâquet family domain is the major element of a local historic district, the Saint-Nicolas Heritage Site, as well as a historic monument.
The Triathlon Venue is located at the Ming Dynasty Tomb Reservoir, in the Changping District of northern Beijing.

<doc id="18467517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467517" title="Sredanci">
Herrmann did attempt to bring a Western Baseball League team to Medford to replace the Timberjacks (Despite long standing rules that prohibited affiliated owners having a financial interest in independent baseball teams). However, those plans fell through when the potential owners, including Herrmann, failed to come up with the money necessary to establish a team. After four years without a professional team and despite efforts to rebuild and restore historic Miles Field, the city of Medford ordered the deteriorating stadium be torn down in 2004 to make way for a new Wal-Mart SuperCenter.
