The 2006 Air New Zealand Cup was the inaugural season of the Air New Zealand Cup, contested by teams from New Zealand. The season ran from July to October 2006. At the end of the regular season, the top team from "Repechage A" and "B" joined with teams from the "Top Six" who entered the quarter-finals, with the winners going through to the semi-finals. The winner of each semi-final qualified for the final, which was contested between Waikato and Wellington, with Waikato winning 37–31 to win the first Air New Zealand Cup title.
Willoughby reformed No Fixed Address in 1987 and in 1988 the band toured Europe, including Eastern Bloc countries where Willoughby made his wry comment about "being hungry in Hungary" while appearing at the 1987 East Berlin Music Festival.
Beauty on the Fire
September 30: Rapid - Vålerengen 4-1 
During his departure from Wings, Awie recorded four albums as a solo artiste: 'Satu', 'Otak','Awie Unplugged','Awie' And 'Santai'.
Mass trapping has so far given results comparable to those of the chemical pest management test implemented with the protein bait and only if implemented on a large scale. It therefore pays for pest management programs in the area, while not offering excellent results if done at enterprise level, especially on limited foundations. In the 1970s, not yet having discovered the fly pheromone, mass trapping tests were carried out using yellow traps, but this technique, requiring the placement of at least five traps per plant, was discarded as uneconomic, and had a strong negative impact on useful entomofauna.
History.
The Bears went from strength to strength in 2004; not only reaching the National League Three Grand Final but winning comfortably in what proved to be a memorable match.
Passengers can change at Bidston for Liverpool, they can change at Shotton for North Wales, Chester, and Manchester Piccadilly, and they can change at Wrexham General for Shrewsbury, Birmingham New Street, and South Wales.
<doc id="4615852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4615852" title="Salatiga">
Angiokeratoma is a benign cutaneous lesion of capillaries, resulting in small marks of red to blue color and characterized by hyperkeratosis. "Angiokeratoma corporis diffusum" refers to Fabry's disease, but this is usually considered a distinct condition.
The novels take place on the fantasy world of Krynn, created specifically for the gameplay. The world once worshiped the True Gods, a pantheon unique to the "Dragonlance" saga, but has come to believe that the True Gods have abandoned the world and those in it. The world is just starting to recover from the loss of the True Gods and a group has sprung up seeking to replace the True Gods (the Seekers). The main focus of the novels is the continent Ansalon and the characters Tanis Half-Elven, Sturm Brightblade, Caramon Majere, Raistlin Majere, Flint Fireforge, Tasslehoff Burrfoot, Goldmoon, and Riverwind.
Expression of receptors.
Winner: "Back for More", Shawn Desman
