
Aerodynamic maneuverability vs supermaneuverability.
Donnchadh Walsh (born 3 July 1984) is an Irish Gaelic footballer. A midfielder and forward, he plays his football with the Cromane club, the Mid Kerry divisional side and the Kerry county panel.
Parroy
<doc id="15886987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15886987" title="Velaine-en-Haye">
Le Claon
Geography.

Villécloye
<doc id="15889312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15889312" title="Leonardo Abelenda">

The BillyBones is an American Punk Rock band. Based in Los Angeles, California, the band features Steven William "Billy Bones" Fortuna, formerly of The Skulls (U.S. Band), guitarist Alex Mack, drummer Alex Gomez, formerly of U.S. Bombs tenor saxophone Bad Otis Link, (visual artist) Bass Easy Lou Jones, Rhythm Guitar Dustin "Damone" Snodgrass 
The "Doyen"-class ships, at only 414 feet in length and with a displacement of 4,351 tons, were considerably smaller than most other classes of attack transport. However, it appears their troop carrying capacity was adequate, with "Feland" listed as able to carry 1,100 troops. No information is available on their cargo capacity.
Sussex contains one national park, the South Downs National Park (shared with Hampshire) and two Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty, the High Weald AONB and the Chichester Harbour AONB. The cliffs on the coast between Seaford and Eastbourne known as the Seven Sisters have been designated as the Sussex Heritage Coast.
On May 1, 2008, at least 30 jets of the Turkish Air Force bombed the PKK camps in northern Iraq. The operation began just before midnight and continued into Friday, May 2, 2008. According to Turkish military sources, the PKK targets that were bombed are far from civilian settlements, at the mountains of the Qandil (Kandil) area. On May 3, the Turkish General Staff announced that "more than 150 PKK militants have been neutralized in the latest operation, which targeted the camps in the Qandil Mountains, where most of the high-ranking members of the organization are located." The Turkish General Staff, without giving a precise name, implied that the PKK rebels who were neutralized may also include "a guerilla who leads the organization" as well; leading the Turkish press to speculate that Murat Karayilan might have also been killed during the latest aerial strikes.
Lisbon Treaty.
Television became a mass medium in Brazil earlier than in most developing countries. The military dictatorship which took power in 1964 saw audiovisual communication as a tool for creating a stronger national identity, a broader consumer economy, and controlling political information. The military pushed television deeper into the population by subsidizing credit for set sales, building national microwave and satellite distribution systems, which prompted the growth of Rede Globo, which they chose as a privileged partner. TV Excelsior, an opponent of the regime, on the other hand, was forced to close after losing government advertisement.
Timmy Conway

