2006 NZIHL season
Megalagrion xanthomelas (orangeblack Hawaiian damselfly) is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to Hawaii. Its natural habitats are rivers and shrub-dominated wetlands. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Following the demise of Die Happy, Robyn Kyle Basauri and bassist Greg Chaisson formed the band Red Sea. Hiring Chris Howell on guitar and Jeff Martin on drums, the band released one album, "Blood", on Rugged Records in 1994. They were initially scheduled for a support tour with Ken Tamplin, but were dropped in favor of Greg X. Volz. Musically, they were compared to the English band Deep Purple.
He has served as an assistant coach for the CBA's Gary Steelheads, Quad City Thunder, LaCrosse Bobcats, and the NBDL's Charleston Lowgators.
Juan Germán Roscio
After elections in 1965 Shapira became just Internal Affairs Minister, a role he retained again after the 1969 elections. He died in office on 16 July 1970.
Official criticism of the song was primarily centred around the song's anti-government undertones, which resulted in comments by members of the Malaysian parliament to take action on him. However, as Wee was in a foreign country, he was out of Malaysia's jurisdiction.
Orconectes shoupi, the Nashville crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae. It is endemic to Tennessee.
"Parapinnixa affinis" was first described by Samuel Jackson Holmes in 1900, in his "Synopsis of California stalk-eyed Crustacea". The type specimen was a single female, collected in July 1895 from Dead Man's Island, San Pedro, California (now part of the Port of Los Angeles); it was donated to the University of California. "P. affinis" no longer lives at the type locality, which has been made unsuitable by the accumulation of "harbor refuse and oil". No further specimens were collected for over thirty years, until one was collected in 1930, and Steve Glassell collected specimens including an allotype in 1932.
Platycypha pinheyi is a species of damselfly in family Chlorocyphidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania. 
Biography.
