Defending New Orleans from recapture.
Baylie's shipyard was located in The Marsh, now predominantly laid out as the Georgian Queen Square, at an area known as 'The Gibb' or 'Gibb Taylor', a point of land which used to extend from Narrow Quay at Prince Street on the River Frome. Building had already been undertaken here since at least the 16th century, as the Frome had been diverted in 1240-47 resulting in additional invaluable land outside the city walls. Baylie's yard was the at the southwest corner of the quay extended by Thomas Wright of the Society of Merchant Venturers in 1627.
Mar John, Metropolitan of India (1122 AD).
<doc id="14548718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14548718" title="Excideuil">
This enzyme belongs to the family of transferases, specifically the transaminases, which transfer nitrogenous groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is glycine:2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase. Other names in common use include glutamic-glyoxylic transaminase, glycine aminotransferase, glyoxylate-glutamic transaminase, L-glutamate:glyoxylate aminotransferase, and glyoxylate-glutamate aminotransferase. This enzyme participates in glycine, serine and threonine metabolism. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
<doc id="14549723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14549723" title="Pexicopia">
Sophronia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae.
Hatlevik also uses the pseudonym Zweizz in other bands which he is also a member of, such as Umoral and Pronounced "Sex". As a member of Dødheimsgard he used the aliases "Hologram" and "Magic/Logic".
West Suffield Mountain, est. , is a traprock mountain ridge located between the Berkshires and the Connecticut River Valley in north-central Connecticut. It is part of the narrow, linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven, Connecticut, north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. West Suffield Mountain is known for its scenic ledges and woodlands, unique microclimate ecosystems, and rare plant communities. It is traversed by the Metacomet Trail, and the Metacomet-Monadnock Trail begins at the northern foot of West Suffield Mountain. 
The ABC module (approximately two hundred amino acid residues) is known to bind and hydrolyze ATP, thereby coupling transport to ATP hydrolysis in a large number of biological processes. The cassette is duplicated in several subfamilies. Its primary sequence is highly conserved, displaying a typical phosphate-binding loop: Walker A, and a magnesium binding site: Walker B. Besides these two regions, three other conserved motifs are present in the ABC cassette: the switch region which contains a histidine loop, postulated to polarize the attacking water molecule for hydrolysis, the signature conserved motif (LSGGQ) specific to the ABC transporter, and the Q-motif (between Walker A and the signature), which interacts with the gamma phosphate through a water bond. The Walker A, Walker B, Q-loop and switch region form the nucleotide binding site.
Varva, Ukraine
Ludmer spoke up for black peoples' right to self-defence against racist attacks. In 1976 he wrote: 'The days have long gone when Asians, Blacks and Jews will meekly accept a role as the convenient scapegoats for the ills of society. Nor will those who cherish democratic ideals sit back while fascism tries to grow on the dunghill of racialism. Notice has been served that unless full protection is provided within the law against racist violence, intimidation and harassment, then those who are the intended victims reserve the right to organise their own protection in co-operation with all those growing sections of society, who abhor the politically motivated racism of the extreme right and fascist organisations.' 

Bacteria possess diverse proteins and RNA that can sense changes to their intracellular and extracellular environment. The signals received by these macromolecules are transmitted to key genes or proteins, which alter their activities to suit the new conditions.

