Emperor Manuel I Komnenos made Isaac governor of Isauria and the town of Tarsus (now in Mersin, Republic of Turkey), where he started a war against the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, soldiers of which captured him. As Emperor Manuel died in 1180, seemingly nobody greatly cared about fate of Isaac, whose long imprisonment seemingly failed to improve his general disposition. On account of his Armenian royal wife, he perhaps endured not too harsh terms of captivity. 
The World Finals of the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest World Finals, ACM-ICPC World Finals, is the final round of competition. Over its history it has become a 4-day event held in the finest venues worldwide. UPE recognizes all of the regional champions at the event. Recent World Champion teams have been recognized by their country's head of state and at the annual ACM Awards Ceremony.
The first settler in the area now known as the town of Oneonta is considered to be Henry Scramling (b. ~1743; d. 1808) He secured a grant of 1,000 acres in the Susquehanna Valley, moved from German Flats in the Mohawk Valley and settled in the Oneonta Plains near the mouth of the Otego Creek several years before the Revolutionary War, in about 1773. He left during the Revolution and returned after the conflict with his brothers, George and David, and his brothers-in-law, John and David Young. Their farms were not far from the mouth of the Otego Creek. 
Roy was appointed leader of the federal Social Credit Party of Canada on March 30, 1979, and resigned his National Assembly seat on April 5, 1979.
As Dr. Franklin searches for an explanation for the epidermal scarring, Anna tells Sheridan that the medical reports have confirmed that she is Anna. Sheridan wants to know why she picked now to come back. Anna cannot answer him until he comes back with her. Sheridan asks what will happen if he doesn't go, and Anna says she will leave without him, and he'll never know the truth. She promises no threats and no ultimatums—merely an opportunity to hear their side of the story. Sheridan still refuses until he gets some answers—he wants to know what happened to the Icarus and its crew when they landed there. Anna asks him if, when she tells him, he promises to go back with her, and Sheridan agrees.
Community.
Letizia undertook her first solo engagement as Queen on 23 June 2014 at the inauguration of the El Greco and modern painting exhibition at the National Prado museum in Madrid.
Leading journalist Claude Corbett wrote in Sydney, Sun, newspaper on, 1 May 1914, ""The Royal Agricultural Society Shield, which was presented at the inception of the League's first grade competition has been won outright by Eastern Suburbs, who upset all calculations by winning the premiership three years in succession. The club has presented the shield to their captain, Dally Messenger, 'as a token of appreciation of his captaincy.""
Although vintage 1 gauge trains use the same track standard as modern G scale, scale modeling was not a primary design consideration in 1 gauge's heyday, so the actual size and scale of the locomotives and cars varied. Generally, 1 gauge equipment worked out to approximately (roughly 10mm = 1 foot). G scale at 1:22.5 means the 1 gauge track represents track. Such railways are to be found in, among other places, Switzerland, the inspiration source for many commercial G gauge models.
Hopkins had a major voice in policy for the vast $50 billion Lend Lease program, especially regarding supplies, first for Britain and then (upon the German invasion) the USSR. He went to Moscow in July 1941 to make personal contact with Joseph Stalin. Hopkins recommended, and the president accepted, the inclusion of the Soviets in Lend Lease. He then accompanied Churchill to the Atlantic Conference. Hopkins promoted an aggressive war against Germany and successfully urged Roosevelt to use the Navy to protect convoys headed for Great Britain before the U.S. entered the war in December 1941. Roosevelt brought him along as advisor to his meetings with Churchill and Stalin at Cairo, Tehran, Casablanca in 1942-43, and Yalta in 1945. He was a firm supporter of China, which received Lend Lease aid for its military and air force. Hopkins wielded more diplomatic power than the entire State Department. Hopkins helped identify and sponsor numerous potential leaders, including Dwight D. Eisenhower. He continued to live in the White House and saw the president more often than any other advisor.
Despite the dry river bed, or arroyo, dangerous flash floods occasionally occur, especially during monsoon storms in late July and early August. Flood waters can wash out roads. Bridges have been damaged, notably in 1980, 1993, and 2005. The natural flow of the Salt is at its mouth. However, except after rainfall, the Salt is dry or a small stream below Granite Reef Dam. The river was formerly navigable throughout its course by small craft. The river is still navigable in the majority of the area where it still carries water. 
Richard and Judy is the name informally given to Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan, a British married couple who are both television presenters and columnists. They are best known for presenting the daytime television programme "This Morning" from 1988 until 2001 and then hosting the daily chat show "Richard & Judy" from 2001 until 2009.
The village had since been rebuilt.
Flashover

All stations have electronic boards announcing the approximate arrival time of the next bus. Wait times are short as there is usually a bus serving the station. There are also station attendants to provide assistance to the passengers, and posted system maps.

The strength of these studies is in the intercultural approach taken and the comprehensive nature of the investigation in looking at the topics as seen in the literature as well as the results of their extensive array of questions on numerous topics related to their perceptions of the consequences of living in a majority culture. Each volume ends with the views of leading citizens on the given topic and a list of recommendations for the British government to consider at the policy level as a result of the findings.
The Ranges include the steep San Gabriel Mountains northeast of Los Angeles, the San Rafael Hills, Puente Hills, San Jose Hills, and Chino Hills, and the San Bernardino Mountains. To the north of the Transverse ranges are the Central Coast Ranges, The Central Valley, and the Tehachapi Mountains, which separate the Central Valley from the Mojave Desert to the east, and link the Transverse ranges to the Sierra Nevada. The Mojave Desert and California's low desert, including the Coachella Valley, are at the eastern end of the ranges. The northern Channel Islands of California are also part of the Transverse Ranges; San Miguel, Santa Rosa, Santa Cruz and Anacapa Islands are a westward extension of the Santa Monica Mountains.
Differences between the books and the series.
The Sea Dart began as Convair's entry to a 1948 U.S. Navy contest for a supersonic interceptor aircraft. There was at the time much skepticism about operating supersonic aircraft from aircraft carrier decks, which explains why the U.S. Navy ordered so many subsonic fighters at that time. The worry had some foundation, since many supersonic designs of the time required long takeoff rolls, had high approach speeds and were not very stable or easy to control - all factors that were troublesome on a carrier.
Unlike the long-lined power kites used in extreme kiting sport, the focus in this section is the short-lined framed large kite. The kite line or "hang line" for best controlling the flight of the hang glider kite needs to be carefully lengthed; then the line frequently splits to two, three, or four main tethers that connect to the hung kite operator's or pilot's harness. Mike Meier, respected kite glider author wrote How "To Get The Right Hang Height" NASA used mass-shifting in the Paresev hung-pilot aircraft with a stiffened-frame kite; the hang tether was also stiffened; differently, in sport hang gliding kite systems using the short hang line, the hang loop or first section of the hanging kite line is a flexible webbing; then the main lines to the harness are cords and sometimes webbing that are flexible. Control of the attitude of the kite's wing is achieved frequently by the pilot's grabbing the kite's stiffened airframe part called the control frame and pushing or pulling the kite's airframe left or right or forward and aft in various combinations; this control system is most commonly called "weight-shifting" although mechanically the situation is altering positions of mass to alter the center of gravity of the entire system relative to the aerodynamic center of pressure in order to effect leveraging moments to control the flight.
Clarkson University is home to the Center for Advanced Materials Processing (CAMP). CAMP is dedicated to developing Clarkson's research and educational programs in high-technology materials processing. Its mandate is to develop innovations in advanced materials processing and to transfer this technology to business and industry. The center receives support from the New York State Office of Science, Technology, and Academic Research for research and operating expenses as one of 14 Centers for Advanced Technology (CATs). In addition, CAMP-related work receives several million dollars each year from the federal government and private industry.
God-of-the-gaps arguments have also been criticized for doubting that, in a world created by God, the mechanics of how things happen can always be described by science.
Commercial properties in areas prone to ram-raids often erect strong barriers or obstructions, such as bollards, to discourage such attacks. ATM centres are also victims of ram-raiding.
The last operational use of Defiants was in India, where they were used as target tugs.
New Economic Model.
Remixes.
Origin and characteristics.
CBRM has a daily newspaper, the "Cape Breton Post", which is a broadsheet focusing on Cape Breton Island. Its editorial style is populist conservative, and it is owned by Transcontinental Media. The Halifax-based "The Chronicle Herald" is a daily broadsheet covering the entire province and maintains a bureau in Sydney. "Boardwalk" is an independently-owned free "alternative bi-weekly" focused primarily on arts and culture in Cape Breton.
Soundtracks.
At the peak, the rulers of Meroë controlled the Nile valley north to south over a straight line distance of more than .
