White-footed tamarin
Graells's tamarin, "Saguinus graellsi", is a species of tamarin from the northwestern Amazon in southeastern Colombia, eastern Ecuador and northeastern Peru. It has often been treated as a subspecies of the Black-mantled Tamarin, but differs from that species in having a dull olive-brown (no reddish-orange) lower back, rump and thighs. The two are often said to be sympatric in Colombia (a major argument for treating them as separate species), though the accuracy of such reports has been questioned.

The hairs lining the seed pods and the small spicules on the leaves contain 5-hydroxytryptamine (serotonin) which cause severe itching (pruritus) when touched. The calyx below the flowers is also a source of itchy spicules and the stinging hairs on the outside of the seed pods are used in itching powder. Water should not be used if contact occurs, as it only dilutes the chemical. Also, one should avoid scratching the exposed area since this causes the hands to transfer the chemical to all other areas touched. Once this happens, one tends to scratch vigorously and uncontrollably and for this reason the local populace in northern Mozambique refer to the beans as the mad beans ("feijões malucos"). They use raw, unrefined moist tobacco to treat the itching.
Nowadays, a very small percentage of Rabari are nomadic. (1-2%) Most of the grazing land is gone in India because of an increase in human population. After the independence of India, many other opportunities opened up in business and education. So most Rabari in the present day, have settled down in their original communities, and are engaging in commerce and agriculture. Many have entered into politics. In the state of Gujarat, some of the Rabari have became ministers and others, members of parliament in Delhi. Education has also opened up other avenues for them. Many have studied hard to become lawyers, engineers, teachers, nurses, dentists, doctors and MOD staff.
Brown was drafted into the squad as a reserve from the wider training squad for the match against the defending champions the Bulls. Coming on in the second half, he made a stellar contribution, converting 3 tries and kicking a crucial penalty.

Description.
Assamese names.
<doc id="3245019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3245019" title="February 2003 Saddam Hussein interview">
<doc id="3245246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3245246" title="Braunvieh">
The river belongs to the Black Sea drainage basin. Its own drainage area covers 3,950 km² (1,237 km² in Bulgaria and 2,713 km² in Serbia). The Nišava is not navigable. It is not only the longest tributary of the Južna Morava, but also the largest one in terms of discharge (36 km³/sec). It has many smaller tributaries, the most important being the Temštica from the right, and the Jerma (or Sukovska reka), Crvena reka, Koritnička reka and Kutinska reka from the left.
The village is well served by sports facilities. Scalby Tennis Club is located to the east of the junction of the A171 and Station Road. The club has two floodlit courts and further use of two public courts adjacent to the private courts. Additionally there is the Scalby & Newby Lawn Bowling club which shares the site and the clubhouse. On a small hill behind the western limits of the village is the location of Scalby Cricket Club (Carr Lane playing fields which are held in trust by the Parish Council). During the winter months this doubles as a football pitch.

Abolition.
Return to Plymouth.
Operational history.
<doc id="3247183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3247183" title="Chess960 numbering scheme">
