
In 2004, with the Falcons being buoyed by the return of Michael Vick and energized by their new head coach Jim L. Mora, they would go 11–5 and easily win the NFC South. Having a first round bye, the Falcons would face the St. Louis Rams in the Divisional Round, who had shut them out 36–0 the previous year on national television. Buoyed by a team record-324 yards rushing and over 150 punt return yardage by Allen Rossum they advanced to the NFC Championship game by embarrassing the Rams 47–17. However, in their second NFC title game appearance, they were denied another trip to the Super Bowl, as they lost to the Philadelphia Eagles, 27–10. After the season, Vick signed a 10-year, $130 million contract with a $37 million signing bonus—the richest contract in NFL history at the time.
Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service works in partnership with the East Midlands Ambulance Service to provide emergency medical cover to areas of Northamptonshire. These are 2 areas that have been identified as having a greater need for ambulance cover. The aim of a co-responder team is to preserve life until the arrival of either a Rapid Response Vehicle (RRV) or an ambulance. Co-responder vehicles are equipped with oxygen and automatic external defibrillation (AED) equipment.
The second term, which is connected with electromagnetic radiation by the moving charge, requires charge acceleration formula_53 and if this is zero, the value of this term is zero, and the charge does not radiate (emit electromagnetic radiation). This term requires additionally that a component of the charge acceleration be in a direction transverse to the line which connects the charge formula_37 and the observer of the field formula_55. The direction of the field associated with this radiative term is toward the fully time-retarded position of the charge (i.e. where the charge was when it was accelerated).
MerpCon IV provided several different adventures from different campaign authors and Game/Dungeon Masters. 
Censorship of pornography.


10th Ohio Infantry
