Jellett was an important figure in Irish art history, both as an early proponent of abstract art and as a champion of the modern movement. Her painting was often attacked critically but she proved eloquent in defense of her ideas. Along with Evie Hone, Louis le Brocquy, Jack Hanlon and Norah McGuinness she helped found the Irish Exhibition of Living Art in 1943. She died a year later, aged 47.
The original illustration by John Tenniel at right, is something of a visual paradox; the caterpillar's human face appears to be formed from the head and legs of a more realistic caterpillar. In another allusion, the flowers on the right of the illustration appear to be a form of tobacco, while the caterpillar is smoking heavily.
In reduced-tillage system, heavy phosphorus fertilizer input may not be required as compared to heavy-tillage systems. This is due to the increase in mycorrhizal network, which allows mycorrhizae to provide the plant with sufficient phosphorus (Miller "et al." 1995).
Hans Albert Einstein (May 14, 1904 – July 26, 1973) was a Swiss-American engineer and educator, and the second child and first son of Albert Einstein and Mileva Marić. He is best known for his research on sediment transport. Hans Albert Einstein's papers are held at the Water Resources Collections and Archives in the University of California, Riverside Libraries.

The Illinois Tool Works or ITW (NYSE: ITW) is a Fortune 200 company that produces engineered fasteners and components, equipment and consumable systems, and specialty products. It was founded in 1912 by Byron L. Smith.
Only three days later 14 Group was reformed in Fighter Command to provide cover for Scotland, and was then under the command of Air Vice-Marshal Malcolm Henderson from 20 July 1940 and throughout the Battle of Britain, before coming under the command of Air Vice-Marshal John D'Albiac from 10 February 1942. The Group was then under the command of Canadian flying ace Air Vice-Marshal Raymond Collishaw from 21 March 1942 until the Group was finally disbanded on 15 July 1943.
