Henry Smith (Canadian politician)
Parker joined the National Youth Theatre, and after training at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art, became a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. He portrayed Bassanio in Peter Hall's 1989 production of "The Merchant of Venice" in both London and on Broadway, co-starring with Dustin Hoffman. In 1997, Nathaniel portrayed David in a made-for-TV film of the life of the biblical character King David. In 2000, he played Bob in Rupert Goold's West End revival of David Mamet's "Speed-the-Plow". "With his unforced, tough demeanour and conviction Parker substantially carries the evening," wrote John Thaxter in The Stage (6 July 2000).
The album's success led to some strange ventures: one of the tracks, "Visa To Rock", was re-recorded by Overlord X with new lyrics relating to chess for a BBC documentary about the game fronted by a young Stephen Fry. A clip of the documentary, featuring Overlord X's re-recorded tune, was shown when Fry was a guest on Jonathan Ross' BBC chat show in 2005. His success also led to a long-running feud with fellow rapper MC Duke, which culminated in X recording the diss tune "Die Hard" about the rapper on his "You Oughta Get Rushed" (Mango, 1990) single.
The economy of this upazilla is mostly agriculture oriented. Khoksa has a railway station which is its gateway to the rest of Bangladesh.
The game also includes callers who have other (not necessarily negative) effects when their orders are successfully placed. Such callers include a chatty female customer or a gossip who convinces other waiting customers to change their orders to match hers, a clown that makes other customers change their orders to another randomly, a banker who collects tips for a brief period of time so that the player can focus on other things, a movie star who gives huge tips, and a monk who causes time to temporarily slow down.
Uwe Karl Beckmeyer (born 26 March 1949 in Bremerhaven) is a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
Fleetwood Mac's "Rumours" went Platinum in 1977. The band Pablo Cruise recorded two Platinum-certified albums at the Record Plant: "A Place in the Sun" (1977) and "Worlds Away" (1978). Cory Lerios, keyboardist and vocalist for Pablo Cruise, said that, in recording "the better part of four albums" at the Record Plant, drug use enabled jam sessions that could last up to 36 hours: "It was a great time, no question." Another Platinum album that came out of Sausalito in 1978 was Dan Fogelberg's "Twin Sons of Different Mothers", a collaboration with Tim Weisberg on flute. Other albums did less well: Jimmy Cliff laid down the tracks for "Give Thankx" in Jamaica but he came to Sausalito to polish it up, with producers Bob Johnston and John Stronach giving guidance. Cliff loved the studio's laid-back atmosphere, and he said "Give Thankx" was his best work yet. However, the album did not chart.
Beyond horse racing, Lévesque was a driving force behind the creation of the Canadian Women's Open golf championship. Known at the time as "La Canadienne", it was the first-ever LPGA tournament in Canada.
Casualties.
At this site Niratha is said to have made a gift of a lock of his hair, which was worshipped. "Rambut Siwi" translates as 'worship of the hair' and the tale is reminiscent of the Buddhist story of Gautama giving eight hairs to Tapussa and Bhallika, which are now enshrined at Shwedagon.


WBUZ is also an affiliate of "The Free Beer and Hot Wings Show" which replaced "The Bob and Tom Show" on November 22, 2006.

