Thomson reacted to the need for an instrument that could indicate with sensibility all the variations of the current in a long cable. This instrument was far more sensitive than any which preceded it, enabling the detection of the slightest defect in the core of a cable during its manufacture and submersion. Moreover, it proved the best apparatus for receiving messages through a long cable.
Books.
He went on to perform in a wide repertoire. Among his stage work, he performed in André Birabeau's French comedy "Head of the Family", Neil Simon's "Come Blow Your Horn", Bernard Kops's "Change for the Angel", Francis Swann's "Out of the Frying Pan", Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar", "Coriolanus", and "Twelfth Night", Oscar Wilde's "The Importance of Being Earnest", "The Striplings", "The Move After Checkmate" and others. At the same time, he appeared in hundreds of BBC radio broadcasts and early BBC soap-operas, such as "Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School", "Emergency - Ward 10", "Probation Officer", and "Two Living, One Dead". He appeared as the cabin boy John Drake in the TV series "Sir Francis Drake", a twenty-six part adventure series made by ITC starring Terence Morgan and Jean Kent. He made his film debut in 1958 with leading roles in two children's films, "Blow Your Own Trumpet" and "Soapbox Derby", for The Children's Film Foundation in Britain.

Autobiographical

<doc id="163709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=163709" title="Jean Daurat">
"Pteridium simplex" was originally described by Georg Gürich in 1930 published in "Zeitschrift der Deutschen Geologischen Gesellschaft" vol.82 p.637. "Pteridium" was already used back in 1777 by Scopoli as the generic name for bracken fern, and so it was changed to ""Pteridinium"" in 1933.
On April 11, 2008, Wood was the guest host of Channel 4's "Friday Night Project". On April 25, 2009, Wood was honored with the Midnight Award by the San Francisco International Film Festival as an American actor who "has made outstanding contributions to independent and Hollywood cinema, and who brings striking intelligence, exemplary talent and extraordinary depth of character to his roles". Wood also starred in an episode of "Yo Gabba Gabba!," entitled "Eat," where he danced and "went crazy" alongside the rest of the "Yo Gabba Gabba!" cast. Wood can be seen in a short film on stepthroughtheportal.com. The site is an interactive website created by Simian Records artists The Apples in Stereo, promoting their upcoming album, "Travelers in Space and Time".
Biography.
Both of the co-founders being former employees of Lotus Engineering Ltd., Cosworth initially maintained a strong relationship with Colin Chapman and the initial revenues of the company came almost exclusively from Lotus. When the company was founded in 1958, Duckworth left Lotus, leaving Costin (who had signed a term-employment contract with Chapman) at the company. Until 1962, Costin worked on Cosworth projects in his private time, while being active as a key Lotus engineer on the development of Lotus 15 through 26 (Elan), as well as leading the Team Lotus contingent at foreign races as evidenced by the 1962 Le Mans Lotus scandal.
A variant version of the "Historia Britonum" makes Brutus the son of Ascanius's son Silvius, and traces his genealogy back to Ham, son of Noah. Another chapter traces Brutus's genealogy differently, making him the great-grandson of the legendary Roman king Numa Pompilius, who was himself a son of Ascanius, and tracing his descent from Noah's son Japheth. These Christianising traditions conflict with the classical Trojan genealogies, relating the Trojan royal family to Greek gods.

In Australia, the prefix NUSHIP is used to denote ships that have yet to be commissioned into the fleet.
For each tenth minute
In France Bunin published many of his pre-revolutionary works and collections of original novellas, regularly contributing to the Russian emigre press. According to Vera Muromtseva, though, her husband often complained of his inability to get used to life in the new world. He said he belonged to "the old world, that of Goncharov and Tolstoy, of Moscow and St. Petersburg, where his muse had been lost, never to be found again". Yet his new prose was marked with obvious artistic progress: "Mitya's Love" (Митина любовь, 1924), "Sunstroke" (Солнечный удаp, 1925), "Cornet Yelagin's Case" (Дело коpнета Елагина, 1925) and especially "The Life of Arseniev" (Жизнь Аpсеньева, written in 1927–1929, published in 1930–1933) were praised by critics as bringing Russian literature to new heights. Konstantin Paustovsky called "The Life of Arseniev" an apex of the whole of Russian prose and "one of the most striking phenomena in the world of literature".
A copper etching made by Maddalena Bouchard between 1772 and 1793 shows this plant to have smaller, almost bean-shaped fruits, and small yellow flowers. The small form of the cucumber is figured in Herbals of the 16th century, but states, "If hung in a tube while in blossom, the Cucumber will grow to a most surprising length."

The Nez Perce War was the name given to the U.S. Army's pursuit of about 750 Nez Perce and a small allied band of the Palouse tribe who had fled toward freedom. Initially they had hoped to take refuge with the Crow nation in the Montana Territory, but when the Crow refused to grant them aid, the Nez Perce went north in an attempt to reach asylum with Sioux Chief Sitting Bull and his followers who had fled to Canada in 1876.
Other screenwriting.
Video games.
Personal life.
Organizations.
Successor.
The only contemporary evidence of him is an abstract of a charter dated in that year, in which Ealhmund granted land to the Abbot of Reculver. By the following year Offa of Mercia seems to have been ruling directly, as he issued a charter without any mention of a local king.
