Living room and library.
With its large size and cutting teeth, the great hammerhead is certainly capable of inflicting fatal injuries to a human and caution should be exercised around them. This species has a (possibly undeserved) reputation for aggression and being the most dangerous of the hammerhead sharks. Divers underwater have reported that great hammerheads tend to be shy or unreactive to humans. However, there are reports of great hammerheads approaching divers closely and even charging them when they first enter the water. As of 2011, the International Shark Attack File lists 34 attacks, 17 of them unprovoked and none fatal, attributable to hammerhead sharks of the genus "Sphyrna". Due to the difficulty in identifying the species involved, it is uncertain how many were caused by great hammerheads. This shark has been confirmed to be responsible for only one (provoked) attack.
<doc id="1950415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1950415" title="Pierre Auger Observatory">
Kurlantzick and Link stated that the CCP uses the technique of "thoughtwork" (sixiang gongzuo) to maintain popular obedience, dating back to the Mao Zedong era. They noted that while Mao-era campaigns are aimed at transforming the Chinese society and people's natures, the modern approach to thoughtwork are more subtle and only focuses on issues important to the CCP's rule. According to Kurlantzick and Link, it consists largely of cultivating pro-government views in the media and other influential people in Chinese society, and as such complaints against the government becomes distracted with pro-government propaganda. The government also attempts to distance itself from local issues by blaming them on corrupt local officials, says Kurlantzick and Link.
Illness.
ESTRACK and ESDAC.

Bluespring Caverns
Solid State Survivor
Political affiliation.
Significantly, Milton began with an attempt at writing an epic on King Arthur, for that was the matter of English national founding. While Milton rejected that subject, in the end, others made the attempt. Richard Blackmore wrote both a "Prince Arthur" and "King Arthur". Both attempts were long, soporific, and failed both critically and popularly. Indeed, the poetry was so slow that the author became known as "Never-ending Blackmore" (see Alexander Pope's lambasting of Blackmore in "The Dunciad").

Khairelikoblepharehglukumeilichephreidosd'enagouni, nicknamed Fred by Kit, is a white hole who features in "So You Want to Be a Wizard". He appears when Nita and Kit do a finding spell to try to retrieve Nita's space pen, and bears a message for Tom and Carl. Fred is the catalyst for Nita and Kit's Ordeal, starting them on a quest to find the Book of Night with Moon; he is comic in his appreciation of the delights of Earth and he becomes good friends with Nita and Kit. At the end of SYWTBAW, he sacrifices himself by converting his mass to light, relighting the moon and allowing Nita and Kit to save Manhattan from an incursion by the Lone Power.
In 2002 the bridge received an award at the International Bridge Conference for "...outstanding achievement in bridge engineering that, through vision and innovation, provides an icon to the community for which it was designed."
At the highest level of play in the NFL and NCAA, the one constant in all formations is the offensive line, consisting of the left and right tackle, left and right guard, and a center. These five positions are often referred to collectively as the "line", and have the primary role of blocking. By rule there must be two additional players on the line of scrimmage called Ends. These players are eligible receivers and may play near the linemen (tight ends) or farther away (split end or wide receiver). Most teams play additional players near (but still off) the line of scrimmage to act as extra pass receivers.
Back-to-back three-pointers from Mac Baracael gave Ginebra its biggest lead, 67-53, capping a 17-3 run for the Gin Kings late in the third quarter.But Ginebra was dealt a tough blow after star center Greg Slaughter had to go out of the game after suffering a deep cut underneath his right eye after fouling Talk ‘N Text import Paul Harris. That came in the middle of a furious 21-6 run that pushed Talk ‘N Text ahead, 74-73, midway through the fourth quarter.The lead seesawed between the two teams, before Ginebra import Zaccheus Mason tied the game at 83-all with two minutes to play.Talk ‘N Text showed its championship poise down the stretch, scoring the next seven points of the game, capped by a three-pointer from Harris with 35 seconds remaining.Paul Harris led Talk ‘N Text with 31 points and 16 rebounds.The Texters advances to the Governor's Cup Semi Finals after they defeated the Barako Bull Energy, 99-84. They will face once again the San Mig Super Coffee Mixers on the best of 5 series on the semi finals.Talk ‘N Text knocks out Barako Bull to book first semifinals ticket The Talk ‘N Text Tropang Texters broke away from Barako Bull for an 99-84 victory in the PLDT Home Telpad Governors’ Cup quarterfinals on Tuesday at SMART-Araneta Coliseum.
<doc id="1954126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1954126" title="AVN">
He graduated B.A. with a first class in the final classical school in 1865. 
The 2008-2009 school year brought many returns for sports teams at Tesoro. Varsity football became the South Coast League champions, for the second year in the row. To get there, they had to beat their rivals from Mission Viejo High School for the second year in a row. They went on to make it to the CIF Southern Section championship game at the Angel Stadium of Anaheim, and lost to Long Beach Polytechnic High School.
He visited Jerusalem in 1895, staying at the "Sehion Malika" (Monastery of St.Mark), the diocesan headquarters of the Syrian Orthodox Metropolitan. During his stay he visited most of the important places of Christendom, and led the Passion Week services at the altars of the Syrian church in Jerusalem. On his return Geevarghese collected money from all the parishes in Malankara and sent a silver cross as offering to the Jerusalem Church.
He holds an honorary doctor of laws degree from the Southern New Hampshire University in the United States of America. He was awarded the degree in May 2004 in recognition of his many years of dedicated service to the disadvantaged in society, particularly the disabled and the poor.
Life and career.
Simon's Town became a free port in 1832.
