She later became a royal mistress of King Kamehameha III and bore him twin sons, Kīwalaʻō and Albert Kūnuiākea. Kīwalaʻō died as an infant but Albert lived to adulthood (1851–1903). Her son Albert was raised as a "hānai" (adopted) of Kamehameha III's queen, Kalama and lived on to be among the last in the direct line of House of Kamehameha.
Stones Road Pond is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Surrey, England. It is 0.5 hectares.
The Fleetwood Baronetcy, of Rossall Hall in the County of Lancaster, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1838 for Peter Hesketh-Fleetwood, of Rossall Hall, a politician and landowner. He was a descendant of the youngest son of William Fleetwood of Hesketh through the female line, a grandson of Margaret Fleetwood, heiress of Rossall who married Roger Hesketh in 1733. Following his inheritance of the Rossall estate he assumed the additional surname of Fleetwood in 1831. He gave the name to the town of Fleetwood which he developed. The title became extinct on the death of his son, the second Baronet, in 1881.
<doc id="16602641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16602641" title="Kiritimati sandpiper">

William Starling Burgess
A tool used by the Fairies in the Artemis Fowl series. It stops time in a selected area using magic. Historically, time-stop fields were created by five warlocks who created a pentagram around the intended area. However, the process was mechanized by Foaly; the warlocks send their magic into lithium batteries, in which it can be stored until needed. Time-stops cut off an area entirely from the outside world; communications to the "outside world" are rendered useless, as nothing is able to penetrate the field. Once in a time-stop, it is impossible to change one's state of consciousness. If, upon entering the field, one is conscious, then it will be impossible to fall asleep, and vice-versa. However, if one's state of consciousness is artificially changed (using sleeping pills, for example), the person in question will have dropped out of the time-stopped area into the outside world. The person will later wake up after the time-stop has disappeared, while to anyone still in the time-stop, the person will have disappeared.
