The 1846 "Parliamentary Gazetteer of Ireland" uses the label "city" in a variety of ways. For Cork, Dublin, Kilkenny, Limerick, Londonderry, and Waterford, the definition at the start of the relevant article includes "a city". Armagh is defined as "post, market, and ancient town, a royal borough, the capital of a county, and the ecclesiastical metropolis of Ireland"; however it is called a "city" throughout its article. Cashel is treated similarly to Armagh. For other episcopal seats, "city" is not used, or used in hedged descriptions like "episcopal city", "ancient city", or "nominal city". Of Kilfenora it says, "It belongs to the same category as Emly, Clonfert, Kilmacduagh, Ardfert, Connor, Clogher, Kilmore, Ferns, and Achonry, in exhibiting a shrunk and ghastly caricature upon the practical notion of a 'city;' and nothing but its episcopal name and historical associations prevent it from being regarded as a mean and shabby hamlet." Of Elphin it says "the general tone of at once masonry, manners, and business, is a hideous satire upon the idea of 'a city.'" Of Downpatrick it says "it displays a striking, and almost outré combination of unique and common place character, of ancient piles and modern edifices curiously mingling the features of city and village, of political grandeur and social littleness." There are passing references in other articles to "the city of Tuam", and "the city of Killaloe".
Five unofficial finishers and "WAY 79" arrived in December and, in mid-March 1980, "Tahara'a" arrived home, almost one year to the day from when she had left Fremantle to sail to Plymouth.
Casualties.
<doc id="27258675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27258675" title="Surf Party">
Aguada de Guerra
Throughout the year the fairgrounds are used to host many other events besides the fair. Some of those events include:
Example.
<doc id="27261209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27261209" title="Southcentral Foundation">
In late 2009, two years after Avenged Sevenfold released their self-titled album, and four years after they had issued their breakthrough studio set, 2005's "City of Evil", the band started working on their next record, their "most personal and epic that will definitely take you on a very dark journey." Around late 2009, the band worked on the album's production until the death of their drummer.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), which numbers are given at the margin; the ("titles") are given at the top. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234, 16:9), with a references to the Eusebian Canons.

The Munich prosecutor's office, not yet fully in line with National Socialist policy, in May 1933, began investigating the murder of several prisoners at Dachau concentration camp, prompted by the formal complaint of Sophie Handschuh, who wanted to know the true cause of her son's death at Dachau. Rumors were already widespread about harsh treatment of those under detention and Himmler was forced to refute those claims, even while announcing the opening of Dachau. Charges of murder were filed against Wäckerle and Himmler was forced to remove Wäckerle. The murder charges were later dropped after the chief prosecutor and his assistant were each transferred to other offices. Himmler continued his efforts to establish summary execution, then in practice only at Dachau, as a legitimate form of punishment.
Čakovice

Family.
In the cover for the standard edition, we can see the face of ana Moura shown in black and white with letters saying: "Leva-me aos Fados: Ana Moura". The cover for the deluxe edition is the same, without the letters. Both of the photographs were shot by Paulo Segadães.
From 1963 the Be 3/5 was used as an auxiliary car locomotive, heating locomotive, depot transformer and compressed-air donor. In 1968 it was equipped with cross-ties and was used as a dummy-object for the rerailing crew of the Lausanne depot. In November 1973 the locomotive was scrapped in Yverdon.
The Yuma Main Library opened on May 21, 2009, funded by part of a $53.7 million library bond program approved by voters in 2005. The Main Library has four meeting rooms, a special archival collection housed in the Arizona Room, and the Yuma Nonprofit Resource Center, a collaboration between the Yuma County Library District, the Yuma Area Nonprofit Institute, and the Arizona Chapter of the American Association of Grant Writers
The match was the first event to be held at Melbourne's AAMI Park, a rectangular stadium built for rugby league, rugby union and soccer in a city known for its preference for Australian rules football. Despite having been officially sold out wet conditions on the night meant an attendance of 29,442, which nearly satisfied the stadium's 30,050 capacity. The opening ceremony featured the NRL's all-time highest point-scorer, Hazem El Masri kicking a goal.
January.
The latter is the baseline engine selected by Irkut to power the MC-21 at service entry in 2017, but the PD-14 is being pursued as an indigenous option. Aviadvigatel acknowledges the PD-14 would also provide a new core that could be developed into an engine it calls the PD-18R, which would feature a fan-drive gear system similar to the PW1400G. Although the PD-14 display at MAKS revealed that Aviadvigatel has not yet adopted CFM's composite fan blade technology, the Russian manufacturer is catching up in other ways. The first-stage high-pressure turbine of the Russian engine was shown with 3D aerodynamic shaping and advanced interior cooling channels, which are hallmarks of all modern Western engine designs. 
From the SEC/CFTC report itself:
Girar is the first studio album released by the Dominican based electro rock band Tabu Tek. This first production was released on the year 1996 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The released spanned several hits in the local rock scene of Santo Domingo including the songs "Cierra Los Ojos" , "Escena Gastada", and "Girar" who all received significant airplay in local rock stations like "X-102" and "95.7 Nota Diferente". Despite this local success, the band enjoyed little recognition outside Santo Domingo, even less outside the Dominican Republic. Led by Maximo Martinez, the success of this album led the band to produce two more albums.

