River Road Independent School District is a public school district based in rural north central Potter County, Texas (USA).
The Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship is an annual competition organised by Tipperary GAA among the top hurling clubs in County Tipperary. The winner qualifies to represent the county in the Munster Senior Club Hurling Championship, the winner of which progresses to the All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship. The winners of the championship receive the Dan Breen Cup. 
Je suis un vrai garçon
The Estate remained in the Atkyns family until 1844. It was bought by Alfred Sartoris in the 1860s. Sartoris was an army officer and magistrate, who had married Mary Barrington, daughter of Viscount Barrington, in 1856. Sartoris built Abbotswood house in 1862. It was sold to Mark Fenwick, former owner of Lambton's Bank in Newcastle, in 1901. Fenwick, a keen gardener, enlisted the help Sir Edwin Lutyens who added to the house in 1902 and laid out the gardens. Following Fenwick's death in 1945, the estate was acquired by Harry Fergusson. 
A colonisation scheme was at Alai Kulam tank, 25 km south of Trincomalee town. 65% of settlers were Sinhalese and the rest were Muslims.
-en-chōfu was built based on the "Garden City" idea originally developed by the British city planner Ebenezer Howard. It is one of the most famous and top-class residential towns where many executives have their dwellings. Being 10 km away from the center of Tokyo, the area contains natural parks. The area has its own regulations for construction in order to preserve the town feel to the area. The residences are fairly big compared to normal housing in other areas in Japan, and the district is often compared to Beverly Hills in Los Angeles, U.S.A.
Three distinct benthic communities occur on the Crown reef, depending on topography, sediment cover and wave energy.
County Feile U-14
In the 2012 election incumbents Gary Peters and Hansen Clarke faced off against each other with Southfield Mayor Brenda Lawrence and two other Democrats also running. The district had been redrawn, including very little of the old district, but covering a good portion of Detroit, Grosse Pointe, Southfield, Farmington Hills, Pontiac and a few other places in Oakland County, Michigan. Preliminary reports showed Peters winning with 47% of the vote to Clarke's 35% and Lawrence's 13%.
John Neill (disambiguation)

The Model Gardens were designed by Luis Barragán for public inspection and planned as models for the development of private space. 


<doc id="6144699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6144699" title="1953 National Invitation Tournament">
After reaching Humboldt Bay, "Carson City" resumed convoy escort duty in the New Guinea area, shuttling to Wakde, Biak, Noemfoor, Sansapor, Morotai, and Mios Woendi until 26 November 1944, when she departed New Guinea for Pearl Harbor, Territory of Hawaii, where she underwent an overhaul. Upon its completion, she steamed north for duty with the Alaskan Sea Frontier at Dutch Harbor, Territory of Alaska, where she reported on 12 January 1945 and began patrol and escort duties in Alaskan waters. Selected for transfer to the Soviet Navy in Project Hula – a secret program for the transfer of U.S. Navy ships to the Soviet Navy at Cold Bay, Alaska, in anticipation of the Soviet Union joining the war against Japan – "Carson City" proceeded to Cold Bay in August 1945 and began training her new Soviet crew.

During the 19th century, the farms began to change from growing grain to raising dairy cattle. By 1856 there were enough dairy farmers for a dairy to open in Alchenflüh. A warehouse was built two years later in 1858. The Burgdorf-Solothurn railroad opened a station in the municipality in 1876. The municipality grew slowly until 1965, when the A1 motorway was built between the two villages. The motorway brought new businesses and commuters to the municipality. Three new housing developments were built to house to growing population. New school buildings were built in 1969-70, 1989 and in 2006 and a kindergarten opened in 1987-88. Before the 1960s there was some industry in the municipality, including a gravel quarry and a printing factory. These were joined after 1969 by a machine factory, a distribution center for Emmi Käse AG, a regional potato storage station, and the Conforama and Pfister furniture factories. The Lyssach-Alchenflüh shopping center was built along the motorway and is shared between the two communities. A proposed merger with Kirchberg was rejected by the latter in a vote in 1973.
As a youngster Fenton captained Wales under-15s and was called up by England at under-16 and under-18 level.
<doc id="6146890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6146890" title="Calvin Giles">
The oldest trace of a settlement in the area is a Bronze Age settlement and an overlying Roman estate from the 1st to 3rd century at Steiacher. An additional Roman village was found in Mullen village. Copper and bronze waste and fragments from a foundry have been found at Riedernacker, though it is impossible to determine the age of the scrap. The village was originally part of the "Herrschaft" of Erlach. In 1474 all of the Erlach lands were acquired by Bern and Tschugg became part of the Bernese court of Ins. The major landholder in the village was a local noble family, the Berseth family. Their manor house was first mentioned in 1358 along with its attached vineyards. By the 16th century the Berseths were citizens of Bern. In 1678 the Steiger family acquired the Berseth estate and the village. In the following century, they rebuilt the house into a grand country manor house, which came to be known as the "Landsitz" Steiger. During the 19th century, the Canton of Bern bought the manor house. In 1889, it was converted into the Bethesda Hospital, a clinic for neurological rehabilitation. 

The focus for learning centres on the individual pupil, meeting their needs and challenging them to progress at their own pace and level of development.

In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the Swiss People's Party (SVP) which received 35.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Social Democratic Party (SP) (20.1%), the Conservative Democratic Party (BDP) (14.7%) and the Green Party (6.9%). In the federal election, a total of 2,783 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 52.1%.
Gordon the Big Engine is a 'Pacific' 4-6-2 tender engine. He is painted blue with red stripes and is No.4 in the North Western Railway fleet. He is the biggest engine on the railway, and usually pulls the Express. He is also very boastful and proud, but good at heart. He was built in 1922 and arrived on Sodor in 1923.

Unintentional small jumps are ubiquitous to billiards. In most billiards shots, a player's cue is slightly elevated. Whenever a ball is struck with an elevated cue, a jump, no matter how slight, occurs. An oft-used way to illustrate this principle is to lay a coin on the table approximately an inch in front of the cue ball. When shot very softly, the player will audibly hear the coin being struck and see the cue ball's reaction to that collision. When the same shot is performed with any degree of speed no sound or collision is evident, and it is clear that the coin is being jumped.

