In 1946, Summers joined Ohio State University 's speech communication program where his teaching and research centered on station and network programming, policy and regulation of broadcasting, and audience research. He pioneered many aspects of broadcast education and served as dissertation advisor to a generation of Ph.D. candidates who entered the growing field of electronic media studies and research.
Mount Cheadle, which is located in the Monashee Range of British Columbia, on the east flank of the North Thompson River, 25 km north of Blue River, is named after Cheadle. A small sub-urban town of Cheadle, located in Southern Alberta 20 km east of Calgary, was also named after Dr. Cheadle. The town was named by the Canadian Pacific Railway and established in 1902.
The Distinction Award is available to any lifesaver who has obtained their Award of Merit, Open Water, and Life Support 3. In addition, candidates must be over 16 in order to take part. The exam is notoriously hard and demands a high level of technical and physical capability from the participant. It consists of six main parts:
In 1999, after "1+1" has been broadcasting on UT-2 24h per day for two years with an appropriate license, the channel sent a claim to the Supreme Court of Ukraine requesting the TV company AITI, who used to hire UT-2 9h broadcasting time earlier before, to give up its license as it had stopped its programming for a year. In the year 2000 the claim was decided for the "1+1" preference. 

Geography.
Iván Skerlecz de Lomnicza (often rendered "Ivan Škrlec Lomnički" in Croatian) (July 20, 1873 - January 12, 1951) was the last Hungarian to be ban (viceroy) of the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia.

Oskar Osala (born December 26, 1987 in Vaasa, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey Left Wing currently playing with the Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
In the following days the Italians marched northwards until, on July 20th, they occupied Bezzecca. As the Austrians had suffered a decisive defeat at the Battle of Sadowa, Kuhn had only a few days left before part of his troops would be sent to augment the defense of Vienna. Profiting from the situation, the Italians began to advance on the southern front too, when a division under Giacomo Medici was sent from Padua to fight its way to the city of Trento.

Grading systems compared.
