<doc id="1094516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1094516" title="Knock on Wood (film)">

Verbs and Prepositions.
In his first season with Celtic, Nakamura won his first major club titles, the Scottish Premier League and Scottish League Cup. On 13 September 2006, he played his début Champions League game against Manchester United at Old Trafford. He scored from a free kick to bring the game level at 2–2, although Celtic eventually lost 3–2. On 14 October 2006, in a league game against Dundee United at Tannadice Nakamura scored the first hat-trick of his Celtic career and won the Man of the Match award. The game ended 4–1 in Celtic's favour.


Final round.
Islamic views.
Journalist.
His family hails from the city of Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (Pakistan). 
Maurice soon developed into one of the best full backs in Scotland, a fact recognised when he won the first of his caps in 1984. He went on to exceed 50, thus becoming the only United player so far to enter the SFA’s Hall of Fame. In his fiftieth international appearance (away to Norway in June 1992) he was made captain to mark the occasion.
In Polish, "euro" is both singular and plural, and pronounced . This noun belongs to a small group of nouns of foreign origin in Polish that, as an exception, remain non-declinable in any of the seven cases (other examples being "zoo", "Waterloo" and few others). It is however likely for the word "euro" to follow the pattern of other foreign words like "kino", "studio" and "radio" and eventually become fully declinable in a similar manner as a result of a full linguistic absorption of the word into Polish. "Cent" is declinable, being "eurocent" or simply "cent" () in singular nominative and "eurocenty" or "centy" () in plural nominative or "eurocentów" or "centów" () in plural genitive.
<doc id="1096699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1096699" title="1860 Democratic National Convention">
Swindon Town.
In 2006 a new suburb of Franklin was proposed for Canberra with the streets named after Australian women writers. The suburb now includes "Nancy Cato Street".
Hank Medress
