There are many other salads in Greek cuisine. These include: the above-mentioned "marouli" (lettuce) salad with lettuce, onion and dill; cabbage salad ("slaw") ("Lahanosalata"), dressed with olive oil and lemon juice and garlic; beetroot salad ("pantzarosalata"), boiled and sliced beetroots, sometimes with beet greens as well, dressed with olive oil and red wine vinegar; "roka" (rocket) salad, arugula dressed with olive oil and red wine vinegar or lemon juice, possibly including anchovies; "patatosalata", potato salad with olive oil, finely sliced onions, lemon juice or vinegar; "revithosalata", chickpea salad; and "maintanouri", parsley salad, usually used as a condiment.
On April 6, 2006, the Ontario Hockey League Board of Governors announced the approval of a new ownership group for the Windsor Spitfires. The group is composed of Bob Boughner, Warren Rychel and Peter Dobrich. All three men had history in Windsor with OHL hockey, and the group had expressed hope to move the team into a new arena. Boughner assumed the roles of President, CEO and head coach of the Spitfires, Rychel was named director of player development, and Dobrich the new business manager.
History.
Transportation.
In 1880, Guarulhos was emancipated from São Paulo and named Nossa Senhora da Conceição dos Guarulhos. Its current name, Guarulhos was adopted later, after the enactment of the law # 1.021, on November 6, 1906.
Professional and political career.
During the 19th century, the planning and maintenance of the main arterial roads (Mt Eden Road and Dominion Road) provided the impetus to form local governing bodies in the area. The Mt Eden Highway Board held its first meeting in 1868; it covered the area of Mt Eden, Eden Valley, Sandringham, and Balmoral. At the time it was responsible for building and maintaining the roads, as well as dealing with the pigs, horses, cattle, and sheep that freely roamed the area. In 1882 it became the Mt Eden Road Board. In 1906 Mt Eden gained borough status and the Mt Eden Borough Council was formed. In 1989 the Borough Council amalgamated with Auckland City Council in a nation-wide local government reorganisation. And in November 2010, the City Council was dissolved and was incorporated into the new largerAuckland Council.
The belt of volcanoes has been the subject of myths and legends by First Nations. To the Squamish Nation, Mount Garibaldi is called "Nch'kay". In their language it means "Dirty Place". This name of the mountain refers to the volcanic rubble in the area. This mountain, like others located in the area, is considered sacred as it plays an important part of their history. In their oral history, they passed down a story of the flood covering the land. During this time, only two mountains peaked over the water, and Garibaldi was one of them. It was here that the remaining survivors of the flood latched their canoes to the peak and waited for the waters to subside. The Black Tusk on the northwestern end of Garibaldi Lake and Mount Cayley northwest of Mount Garibaldi are called "tak'takmu'yin tl'a in7in'axa7en" in the Squamish language, which means "Landing Place of the Thunderbird". The Thunderbird is a legendary creature in North American indigenous peoples' history and culture. The rocks that make up The Black Tusk and Mount Cayley were said to have been burnt black by the Thunderbird's lightning.
Japan.
Milsons Point railway station is a station on the North Shore railway line and is served by the "T1:North Shore, Northern & Western Line" of the Sydney Trains network in Sydney, New South Wales. Situated on the northern approaches to the Sydney Harbour Bridge, it serves the adjoining suburbs of Milsons Point and Kirribilli.
Matthias Goerne (born 1967) is a German baritone.
Gregory Vlastos (; July 27, 1907 – October 12, 1991) was a scholar of ancient philosophy, and author of several works on Plato and Socrates. A Christian, Vlastos also wrote about Christian faith.
Public positions.
The company was acquired in 2005 by Sabre Holdings, owner of online travel company Travelocity, paying 165p per share, a 57 per cent premium to the share price before the company revealed it was in takeover talks, but less than half the flotation price. The deal valued Lastminute.com at £577 million.
Other Lucas papers ranged from practical suggestions, such as the proposal that the Salonica-Athens railway viaducts be cut in the Oeta gorges (carried out in Operation Harling), to psychological overviews later in the war, like 'Hitler as seen by Source' [:through decodes] and 'German Morale as seen by Source' (his old special subject from 1918 Intelligence Corps days). 
<doc id="1037298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1037298" title="Serenity (Firefly episode)">
<doc id="1037430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1037430" title="Portland Castle">
In 1889, an intermediate edition of the lexicon, "An Intermediate Greek–English Lexicon", was prepared on the basis of the seventh edition (1882) of LSJ. In comparison to the smaller abridgment, this "Middle Liddell" contains more entries covering the essential vocabulary of most commonly read Ancient Greek literature, adds citations of the authors to illustrate the history of Greek usage (without identifying the passages), and provides more help with irregular forms.
In the Qing dynasty, a branch of the Dragon Gate Sect propagated its teachings at the Temple of Junkets. During the reign of Emperor Guangxu, the abbot of the temple, Chen Jiaoyou, wrote Evolution of the Daoism of Changchun's Lineage, an important work on the history of transmission and inheritance of the Dragon Gate Sect.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
