other events of 1921, 
Kendall was educated at the City of London School, and made his first appearance on the stage in September 1914 at the Lyceum Theatre, playing a 'super' in "Tommy Atkins". He had a distinguished war career, serving as a Captain in the Royal Air Force from 1916 to 1919, and on demobilisation was awarded the Royal Air Force Cross.

Trombadori was an influential member of the Italian Communist Party (PCI), becoming a member of its Central Committee. In 1967 he was envoyee to Vietnam for the party's journal, "L'Unità". He collaborated also with "Rinascita". Trombadori was elected four times in the Italian Chamber of Deputies for PCI, but in 1993 he declared himself "No more a Communist" and a voter of the Italian Socialist Party.
In 1894, with "Boroughitis" at its peak, the subdivision of Lodi Township kicked off with the creation of three boroughs: Hasbrouck Heights (July 31, 1894), Little Ferry (September 18, 1894) and Lodi (December 21, 1894). Moonachie was created on April 11, 1910, followed by Teterboro on March 26, 1917.
Baden-Powell Trail
As Doolittle faced an ongoing federal investigation into congressional corruption scandals, including ties to disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff and defense contractor Brent R. Wilkes, Brown emphasized the need for ethical representation in Congress. Promising transparency in government service if elected, he further pledged to publicly disclose anyone whom he would have met with to discuss legislation, including lobbyists.
Col. Thomas C. Lanier's personal groves are shown on the original plat. Although they were not given a lot number, they are just east of the numbered lots. It is unknown if he had a house on this land or not. Today his land can be found at the southwest corner of the intersection of Treasure Island Ave and North Treasure Island Rd, Leesburg, FL. This land and some additional land on the north side of Treasure Island Ave were platted by Cattle Country, LLC in 2004 as Lanier Groves.
Józef Piotrowski (organist)
Doug Clark and the Hot Nuts
For subsequent transfer deals see 1993-94 in English football.

Districts.

In 2001, Penny pitched 205 innings for the Marlins. He finished 10-10 in 31 starts. In 2002, due to injuries and ineffectiveness, Penny saw his ERA rise from the previous season, from 3.69 in 2001, his ERA in 2002 was at 4.66 in just 24 starts. 
Biography.
!align="right"|

The collection.

The CIC has established "Canadian Islam Awareness Week" held each October in an effort to improve understanding of the Muslim community by non-Muslims. It has also worked with mosques across the country to organize "open houses" each fall where non-Muslim neighbours are invited into mosques. It has also lobbied provincial education ministries to make a high school course on world religions compulsory. Explaining the initiative, CIC vice-president Valiante said "We don't want schools to preach our religion, but we live in a complex world and religions play a large role, young people need to be given a chance to understand them."
Military career.
"There is in the painting of Miguel de la Espriella, "Noble", an explosion of light that comes from a background of shadows, the glare of the universe in the middle of a vegetable serfdom populated by birds and dragonflies. What makes an impact are his chiaroscuros with that essential validity that has always been present in Rembrandt. But in the concrete case of Noble it is not about imitation, but continuity, of a process that is forever in renewal and because of that, lasts. It is the survival of art and its real mode of expression while at the same time understanding it." in the Colombian magazine FAMA (2000)
It is the first highway in Thailand to meet international standards, and the first highway in Thailand to use both asphalt and concrete. It received the name "Thanon Mittraphap" on February 20, 1957. The name literally means "Friendship Road". It is the main road that connects Isan (northeastern Thailand) across the Dong Phaya Yen Range with Saraburi. It passes through the provinces of Nakhon Ratchasima, Khon Kaen, Udon Thani, and ends in Nong Khai, where it links with the Thai-Lao Friendship Bridge to Laos (subsidised by Australia government).
Until 1948, skaters representing any ISU member could enter the European Championships. After Canadian Barbara Ann Scott and American Dick Button won the singles titles that year, entries were restricted to skaters representing European countries. At the time, the North American Figure Skating Championships existed as a North Americans-only senior-level competition. This competition was contested for the last time in 1971. The Four Continents Figure Skating Championships was established by the ISU in 1999 as the equivalent competition for skaters from non-European countries.
Rather than launch a counter-attack against Gough, Sher Singh's aim was to join forces with the troops under his father, Sardar Chattar Singh Attariwalla. Chattar Singh's army had been confined to the Hazara region for several months by Muslim irregulars under British officers. At the start of 1849, Amir Dost Mohammed Khan of Afghanistan had sided with the rebellious Sikhs. His aim was to recover the area around Peshawar, which had been conquered by Ranjit Singh early in the nineteenth century, but his support was half-hearted. Nevertheless, when 3,500 Afghan horsemen approached the vital fort of Attock on the Indus River, its garrison of Muslim troops defected. This allowed Chattar Singh to move out of Hazara and link up with Sher Singh near Rawalpindi.
Grand Battery.
Combining forecasts.
2009.
In the 1970s Roskies was a member of the Havurat Shalom, a small egalitarian chavurah in Somerville, Massachusetts, best known as the first such lay-led Jewish community in the United States.
During World War II, Haase was promoted to Generaloberst on 19 July 1940, and in mid November 1940, he was relieved of his command of III. Armeekorps and reassigned to the Führer-Reserve to wait for a command. In early 1941 he was made commander of 15th Army, serving until December 1942, when he was transferred to the Führer-Reserve for the remainder of his career. On 9 February 1943, he died at the age of 61 from advanced heart disease.
Some Sanda fighters have participated in fighting tournaments such as K-1 and Shoot Boxing. They have had some degree of success, especially in Shoot boxing competitions, which is more similar to Sanda. Due to the rules of Kickboxing competition, Sanda fighters are subjected to more limitations than usual. Also notable competitors in China's mainstream Mixed Martial Arts competitions, Art of War Fighting Championship and Ranik Ultimate Fighting Federation are dominantly of wushu background. Sanda has been featured in many style-versus-style competitions. Muay Thai is frequently pitted against Sanda as is Karate, Kickboxing, & Tae Kwon Do. Although it is less common, some Sanda practitioners have also fought in the publicly viewed American Mixed Martial Arts competitions.
Early life and career.
The train-and-platform thought experiment.
Superintendent controversy.
@Plan and the Internet boom.
The Hoysalas claim to immortality arises from their contribution to Kannada culture, Kannada literature and their own unique style of vesara architecture. Historians such as Henry Cousens and James Furgusson observed that the Hoysala style of architecture is essentially an extension and culmination of the vesara style initiated by the Badami Chalukyas and further enhanced by the Kalyani Chalukyas. In fact, the carved doorways, lathe turned pillars and pierced window screens used frequently by the Hoysalas is also commonly seen in earlier Kalyani Chalukya temples of north and central Karnataka. The Star shaped platform on which many Hoysala temples were constructed, the Jagati, the Zig- Zag character of the walls and the density of sculpture on gray soap stone (chloritic schist) is however a unique features of Hoysala architecture.
Although originally planned, the plan for trains on line 7 to continue to Porte des Lilas was eventually abandoned, as trains on line 3 provided an adequate service on this branch (at the time, line 11 did not yet exist). Nevertheless, in order to connect lines 3 and 7, a shuttle was planned to run through the north connecting tunnel, later named "la voie navette". The Sprague-Thomson variant of rolling stock serviced this tunnel, taken from line 2. This variant measured in length and consisted of one train powered by two motors. With these changes, the "voie des Fêtes" and the Haxo station were left unused: the former serving as a train shed and the latter being left inaccessible to the public. The Gambetta – Porte des Lilas section and the shuttle were inaugurated on 27 November 1921.
On Moonlight Bay (film)
She is a judge of the Robert Burns Humanitarian Award.
The band made a switch to drummer David "Pup" Roberts for their second release, "El Baile de la Cobra", which was recorded for the North Carolina label, Deep South Records. Rodney Mills again was enlisted to produce and engineer the record. The album quickly rose to #10 on the Gavin Americana Charts.
Georgia Sustainment and Stability Operations Program
Venture Smith was born Broteer Furro in a place he recalls as Dukandarra in "Guinea"—a term that at the time referred to much of West Africa. Clues in the narrative make it clear that he was from the savannah region — the Documenting Venture Smith Project believe it was the area near Lake Chad. He was the son of a prince who had several wives.
The Manda town ruins (by the coast on the NW side), were first explored by the archaeologist Neville Chittick in 1965. The town owed its origins in the 9th and 10th centuries to trade with the Persian Gulf. The chief trading commodity was probably elephant ivory; mangrove poles were probably also important. From the earliest period the inhabitants of Manda were building with burnt square brick and stone and set with a lime mortar. These building techniques are found only on the coast and on the islands of Kenya; they have not been used in the interior of the country, whereas the bricks averaging about 18 cm (which "match perfectly ...in measure") are unique for East Africa for this period, and are likely to have been brought in from Sohar, in Oman, initially as ballast in the sailing ships entering the port. From the mid-9th century to the early 11th century buildings were also constructed from coral known as "coral rag" cut from dead coral reefs.
There are also many controversies about "hidden" unemployment. Hidden unemployment means that people are not counted or considered as unemployed, although in reality they "are" unemployed. For example, young people will stay in the family home, in schooling, or in some make-work scheme, because they can't find a paid job. People might also have a job, but they might be under-employed, because they cannot get more working hours or they cannot get a job for which they are qualified. People might also drop out of the official labour force, because they are discouraged, and no longer actively looking for work - they are no longer counted as unemployed, although they are. Governments can also subsidize employment of people who would otherwise be unemployed, or put people on benefits even although they could be working. It may be that workers are hired, but that they do nothing while at work.
Nicholas Viscardi (October 20, 1920 – November 3, 2013), known professionally as Nick Cardy or Nick Cardi, was an American comic book artist best known for his DC Comics work on Aquaman, the Teen Titans and other major characters. Cardy was inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2005.
List of rugby league test matches played at Odsal Stadium.

Operational history.
<doc id="3412906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3412906" title="Trenewan (disambiguation)">
The ^ indicates newly identified in 2012.
"Mandela's Ego"
The monkey paw.
Uilleam III, Earl of Ross
Two months later, in an August 18 letter to his daughter from "Post hospital, Chaffin's Bluff," Dr. Baxter describes the locale.
Mechanical Stimulation.
In the earliest stages of the Dutch language, a considerable degree of mutual intelligibility with some (what we now call) German dialects was present, and some fragments and authors are claimed for both realms. Examples include the 12th-century poet Henric van Veldeke, who is claimed by both Dutch and German literature.
Late Life.
