The local legend of Lake Shaitankol is a tragic love story. Long ago there was a very beautiful girl named Sulushash. She was the daughter of a rich land owner named Tleuberdy. Sulushash fell in love with a poor shepherd named Altai. Tleuberdy did not ap-prove of their relationship and forbade them to see each other. Because of this, the lovers decided to elope. Sulushash, Altai and Altai's faithful companion Kausar traveled many days across the Kazakh steppe until they arrive in the Karkaraly Mountains. They took shelter at Lake Shaitankol. When they reached this area, Altai and Kausar left the girl by the lakeside and went hunting. 
Tourist can avail the travelling facility by KSRTC service (morning 5:30 from Kumili and 11:30 from pathanamthitta) in between Kumili and Pathanamthitta via Vallakkadavu, Angamoozhi, Kakki dam and Vadaserikkara and can enjoy the beauty of the forest.
Phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase type 2-alpha is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "PI4K2A" gene.
Asya is the name of a Turkish album by Asya. It is also the first studio album by Asya. The album was released in Turkey.
<doc id="15065341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15065341" title="SLC30A4">

A lower times interest earned ratio means less earnings are available to meet interest payments and that the business is more vulnerable to increases in interest rates. 
<doc id="15067283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15067283" title="Gilford (disambiguation)">

The Luna County sheriff and New Mexico Governor Washington E. Lindsey contacted President Woodrow Wilson for assistance. Wilson ordered US Army troops to escort the men to Columbus, New Mexico. The deportees were housed in tents meant for Mexican refugees who had fled across the border to escape the Army's Pancho Villa Expedition. The men were allowed to stay in the camp until September 17, 1917.
formula_1
Nucleoporin GLE1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "GLE1" gene on chromosome 9.

Regulation.
Later on. Schmidt sent out his second-in-command—"Leutnant" Ernst Mössinger—to negotiate a surrender, hoping to reach favorable terms. "Major" Arne Sunde, the Norwegian commander, however refused to accept anything but an unconditional surrender. Sunde told Mössinger that unless the Germans announced their surrender within 10 minutes by launching three flares the allied artillery would recommence bombarding Lindse Farm. Nine and a half minutes later, at 11:30, the "Fallschirmjäger" force at Lindse fired three signal flares.
Butler Center is situated at the geographical center of Butler Township, hence the name.
Using a short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to silence expression of Klf9 provides resistance for the cell to oxidative stress and ROS-related cell death. Klf9 is upregulated by ROS and promotes ROS-related cell death.
<doc id="15076576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15076576" title="EDC3">
Several weeks after the battle with Daemon, Mukuro leaves Chrome. He finds and recruits Fran into the group. Verde requests for Mukuro and his gang to fight for him in upcoming Arcobaleno battle, which Mukuro accepted in order to fight Tsuna and his Family. During the first day of the Representative battle, Mukuro's team able to defeat five people within ten minutes, thanks to Verde's machine that able to change illusion into reality. At the second day of the Representative battle, he, and his team fight Tsuna's team and Byakuran's team. At the third day of the Representative Battle, he reluctantly formed temporary alliance with Team Reborn to defeat the Vindice. With Chrome's help and unleashed combined technique, they able to defeat two Vindice with the last one defeated by Tsuna. After Tsuna's brief battle with Jager and knowing the truth about the Arcobaleno, he, along with the other remaining teams formed alliance with Tsuna as the core to defeat Team Bermuda. At the fourth day of Representative Battle, he, Dino, Squalo, Xanxus, and Byakuran confronts Jager, preventing him from helping his teammates while Tsuna, Enma, and Basil defeats them one by one.
