VHS.


In September 1970, the Board of Directors of the Reading School District voted to act as, sponsor of a community college and authorized that an application and proposed plan for establishing and operating the new institution be submitted to the Pennsylvania State Board of Education. At its January 15, 1971 meeting, the State Board of Education approved the application permitting the Reading School District to sponsor Reading Area Community College. The sponsor appointed an eleven-member Board of Trustees whose responsibility was to bring the college into existence and supervise its administration. Classes were held for the first time on October 13, 1971, with an enrollment of 265 students.
After the end of World War II, the popularity of Hummel figurines grew as American soldiers stationed in West Germany began sending the figurines home as gifts. Nostalgia associated with the figurines and the U.S. soldiers buying them led to Hummel figurines becoming a popular collector's item. Popularity increased even more when the figurines were sold by the Army PX system. A vibrant speculator market in Hummel figurines developed and in the 1970s, Hummel figurines skyrocketed in price, though today most sell for less than $50. M.I. Hummel collector plates made by Goebel and sold by the Goebel Collectors Club, were a prominent item in the Bradford Exchange, a supplier of collectible plates. Today, Hummel figurines are produced by Manufaktur Rödental in Germany and are the fastest growing investment collectible in 38 countries.
SH-7 has three spur routes. Two of these routes bear the number "7" with a letter suffix; the third is a bannered route.
"Śīla" (Sanskrit) or "sīla" (Pāli) is usually translated into English as "virtuous behavior", "morality", "ethics" or "precept". It is an action committed through the body, speech, or mind, and involves an intentional effort. It is one of the "three practices" ("sila", "samadhi", and "panya") and the second "pāramitā". It refers to moral purity of thought, word, and deed. The four conditions of "śīla" are chastity, calmness, quiet, and extinguishment.
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
