
1995 Southern All-Stars
Jarmulowsky Bank Building
<doc id="22409545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22409545" title="Orange Show Speedway">
Comparison with literals and macros.
The matches for this season were decided on goals scored. A goal was awarded for a successful conversion after a try, for a dropped goal or for a goal from mark. If a game was drawn, any unconverted tries were tallied to give a winner. If there was still no clear winner, the match was declared a draw.
Enterprise, Lake County, California
(1) Portland Trail Blazers vs. (2) Utah Jazz: "Blazers win series 4–2"

Micro-Biologist at Marshall Flight Space Center in Alabama.
Out:
While UGVF is not a front for Vietnamese communists in France, its political outlook is closely aligned with the Vietnamese government. Some French-born UGVF members have seen it as being too dependent on Hanoi and have started domestic activist movements, such as fighting against discrimination.

The Geometric (k=0.75)

<doc id="22418962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22418962" title="Ed Wood (engineer)">

As a two-time veteran of Canada's junior team, Ellis opted not to attend their annual summer evaluation camp. In December 2010, he was named to the squad as one of four returning players for the 2011 World Junior Championships, held in Buffalo, New York. Ellis became the seventh player in Canadian history to play three times in the tournament. He was later chosen as team captain. Ellis began the tournament tied with Pietrangelo as the country's all-time top-scoring defenceman at the World Juniors. By scoring a goal in the opening game against Russia, a 6–3 win for Canada, he broke the tie to take the all-time scoring lead among Canadian defencemen. Later in the tournament, Ellis recorded three assists in a game against Norway, making him the World Juniors' all-time leading scorer among defencemen, passing Finnish defenceman Reijo Ruotsalainen's mark of 21 points. In the quarterfinal, he assisted on a goal against Switzerland to break Eric Lindros's 19-assist record as Canada's all-time leader at the tournament. Playing Russia in the gold medal game, Ellis scored the opening goal in a 5–3 losing effort, earning silver for the second consecutive year. Finishing the tournament with three goals and 10 points to lead all blueliners, he earned Best Defenceman and All-Star Team honours. He was additionally voted by tournament coaches as one of Canada's best three players. With 25 points over three years at the tournament, he tied Jordan Eberle as Canada's second-best scorer of all-time, behind Lindros' 31 points.
2010 North Korea national football team results

<doc id="22422180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22422180" title="La Roda (Tapia de Casariego)">
"USSR-1" was ready to fly in the beginning of September 1933. The upcoming maiden flight, scheduled on September 24, 1933, was widely publicized; the aircraft plant were "USSR-1" gondola was prepared to flight attracted masses of visitors, but actual launch from a military airfield in Kuntsevo ended in a humiliating failure. First, when the envelope was already inflated, it was found that the bottom of the envelope dangerously mingled with the ropes; a volunteer, Fyodor Tereschenko, climbed the rope and untied the knots. "USSR-1" was then cleared to fly, but failed to lift off due to moisture buildup in foggy weather.
Pool 3 matches -

Festivals and screenings.
Stadion am Gesundbrunnen
Nikki Wilson
Antonio Robles, "C's" member of the Catalan Parliament, promptly objected, stating that he could not justify an alliance with a party that was diametrically opposed to "C's" position on xenophobia and social liberal issues such as freedom of sexual orientation, abortion, contraception, assisted suicide and stem cell research. José Domingo also objected.
Tunisian literature exists in two forms: in French and in Arabic. Arabic literature in Tunisia dates to the 7th century, with the arrival of Arab civilization in the region. Arabic literature is more important than French-language literature—which followed the introduction of the French protectorate in 1881—both in volume and value. The national bibliography lists 1,249 non-academic books published in 2002 in Tunisia, of which 885 titles are in Arabic. Nearly a third of these books are intended for children.

