Furthermore, educated Buddhist women and their supporters – Thais, Westerners, and others – continue to call for an expanded role for female Buddhists, with many calling for a rebirth of the Theravada bhikkhuni lineage. They are joined in this call not only by some laymen, but by an increasing number of progressive monks. Some supporters of the recreation of the bhikkhuni lineage have already begun to take action, ordaining Buddhist nuns through recourse to the existing Chinese bhikkhuni lineage. The Council and secular authorities have condemned these actions, going so far as to arrest for impersonation of a member of the clergy at least one Thai woman who underwent the new bhikkhuni ordination (ordained bhikkhu have a different civil status in Thai society than non-ordained female followers, such as the mae jis).
<doc id="16993993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16993993" title="Life Extension Institute">
"The Laramie Project: 10 Years Later" (2009).
GlobalScholar was an operating unit of Scantron based in Bellevue, Washington that developed, manufactures, licenses, and supports a wide range of products and services related to education. They include products such as enterprise resource planning (ERP) software solution, Pinnacle Suite, supports all aspects of managing education at K-12 schools, including a gradebook, learning management system (LMS), and teacher development, analytics and online learning. 

The G.I eventually equipped three squadrons plus a replacement unit, but reports from pilots were unfavourable, especially in comparison to the Gotha G.IV that was becoming available. The Hansa-Brandenburg machine was therefore quickly relegated to training duties. In the three months that these aircraft had been at the front, they had only carried out a single successful sortie. As a footnote to the G.I's military service, the type also served as a testbed in experiments in mounting large-caliber cannon on aircraft; flying with nose-mounted 50 mm (2 in) and (separately) 70 mm (2.75 in) Skoda weapons, and a 37 mm (1.46 in) Skoda cannon mounted in the dorsal gunner's position.
2011
<doc id="16999116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16999116" title="Almeda, Houston">
Former Danish territories now in Germany.
<doc id="17001192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17001192" title="Gilvam Borges">

He completed his education at Nugawela Central College. At school, he excelled in both studies, sports alike and was a Queen's Scout. His wife was Brigadier Indira Wijeratne of the Sri Lanka Army Legal Branch and he was the father of two sons Bhagya and Dulanjaya.
Philippe Bouvatier
Institutes
On the same street as the post office is a typical outdoor Korean market, made up of mostly fruit, vegetable, fish and ddok sellers. It has become more gentrified lately and shops such as "The Face Shop" have moved in. This market runs the length of gil-dong on this back street. This area back from the main road is made up of many small one-way streets with many villas and traditional Korean houses lining them. 
Dabasa sciron
Jamwon-dong


Juxtapose
In 1794 yet another move was forced upon the school, and a new home was found at Stonyhurst Hall in Lancashire, an ideal county for the school to settle in because it was still a Catholic stronghold and its rural, isolated character provided the hope that the school would be left alone by the authorities. Not taking any chances however, a number of hiding places were created throughout the building should the Jesuits face persecution again, and when Saint Mary's Hall was constructed in the following century, a secret escape tunnel, which still survives, was also built linking the seminary to an exit in the gardens.
The Mount Everest Committee was a body formed by the Alpine Club and the Royal Geographical Society to co-ordinate and finance the 1921 British Mount Everest reconnaissance expedition to Mount Everest and all subsequent British expeditions to climb the mountain until 1947. It was then renamed the Joint Himalayan Committee; this latter committee organized and financed the successful first ascent of Mount Everest in 1953.

Constituent institutions which come under this university include:

