<doc id="11542689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11542689" title="Curtis H. Castle">

Fay served as the first Mayor of Chelsea in 1857.
Treatment is in the form of anti-epileptic drugs, such as barbiturates, benzodiazepines and topiramate.
He served in the Spanish-American War as a private in Company C, First Regiment, Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, with service in Puerto Rico.
The César Award is France's national film award. Recipients are selected by the members of the "Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinema." The following are the recipients of the honorary César award since 1976.
John Arthur Elston (February 10, 1874 – December 15, 1921) was a U.S. Representative from California.
He was in the bottom two for a third time in week seven on 26 May alongside Craig Chalmers with Ellis having received the lowest number of viewers votes. In the sing-off, they sang "I Made It Through The Rain". Lloyd Webber for a third time chose to save Ellis, this time eliminating Chalmers. The following week he was again in the bottom two, this time alongside Lewis Bradley with Ellis having received the lowest number of viewers votes. In the sing-off, they sang "I Dreamed a Dream" from the musical "Les Misérables". This time though Lloyd Webber chose to save Bradley and Ellis was finally eliminated from the show at the semi-final stage, finishing the series in fourth place.
During the Second World War the line was yet again used lightly compared to other railways in the region (such as the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway). The only real change was an increase in goods traffic supplying the naval dockyard at Portsmouth. This saw new locomotive types running over the line, such as Drummond 700s and the distinctive Bulleid Q1s. Standard passenger services had a box van added to cope with the near-constant stream of parcels and luggage to and from Portsmouth. A few troop trains used the line late at night. In 1941 a special military freight train, hauled by a Drummond 700, was stabled for the night at Tisted, with the crew receiving instructions to stay with the engine and be ready to depart instantly in an emergency. Although unknown to both the locomotive crew and station staff, the train was carrying 48 mines.
