<doc id="42062733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42062733" title="Algeria–Bangladesh relations">
Ding Jiali
The proneural genes also have an important role in the development of distinct types of sensory organs, namely chordotonal organs (proprioceptorsthat detect mechanical and sound vibrations) and external sensory organs. Members of achaete-scute complex, such as achaete and scute, as well as ‘’atonal’’ and ‘’daughterless’’ confer to ectodermal cells the ability to become sensory mother cells (SMCs). In the development of sensory organs there are two main phases: determination and differentiation that may not be mechanistically separable. Proneural proteins are involved in both processes, through the activation of the downstream “differentiating genes” that in turn regulate the induction of sensory-organ-subtype characteristics. The specification of sensory organs by proneural genes is a complex process, since they elicit different cellular contexts. For instance, in "Drosophila", atonal (ato) can promote the development of chordotonal organs, for the receptors of olfactory sense organs, depending on the imaginal disc in which it is expressed. In "Drosophila’s" embryogenesis, the proneural gene achaete is expressed in well-determined regions as in the endoderm, being responsible for the formation of particular sensory organs in the adult and larvae. Accordingly to Ruíz-Gomes and Ghysen (1993) this expression occurs in two distinct phases: a competent state, in which the proneural gene is expressed in a cell cluster; a determined state, in which a specific cell accumulate high levels of ‘’ac’’ transcripts, originating a neural precursor. The function of each of the ASC complex genes varies with the development state (larvae or adult). For example, in the adult state the ac and sc genes promote the differentiation of two sets of complementary sensory organs and ase gene as a minimal function, while in the larvae state ac and sc genes affect the same set of sensory organs and ase is responsible for the determination of a complementary set.
Yamaha has been granted the following patents related to the Tesseract and its leaning control system:
Pro Musica Nova
Awards and Honors.
<doc id="42068278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42068278" title="1994 Davis Cup Americas Zone">
Pandyan Grama Bank has its own Administrative Office at Collectorate Complex Virudhunagar.
Cyrus Sutton (born 1982, San Diego, California) is an American director and professional surfer.
<doc id="42071697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42071697" title="Nicolaïkerk (Appingedam)">
Electrification.

Operations.



Reshmin Chowdhury (; born 16 December 1977) is an English sports journalist and broadcaster who works for the BBC and BT Sport.
The Cloth Act 1337 (11 Edw. 3, c. 2) was an Act of the Parliament of England passed during the reign of Edward III.
Biography.
In the collected notes of Evliya Çelebi (mid-17th century) the Sanjak of Nicopolis with 20 ziamets and 244 timars and income of 40,000 aspres was mentioned as one of 24 Ottoman sanjaks in Rumelia. In the mid-19th century it had 15 kadiluks.

