
Cecil Hight
2. Rich J, Liu J, Haughey B, Swallowing Function after Transoral Laser Microsurgery (TLM) ± Adjuvant Therapy for Advanced Stage Oropharyngeal Cancer, Laryngoscope,2011 Nov;121(11):2381-90. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/lary.21406/pdf
The climate is temperate continental. The average annual temperature is ; annual precipitation is . Up to 87% of the district's territory is covered by forests. In the extreme northeast of the district the Vishera Nature Reserve is located.
The .450/400 2⅜ inch Nitro Express was loaded with a 400 gr. RN bullet with 42 or 43 grains of cordite and was meant for use in newer rifles chambered for the .450/400 2⅜ inch case as this loading generates greater pressure than the Black Powder Express versions of the cartridge.
Post-secondary institutions.



"Bongseonhwa" fingernail dying is a Korean custom passed down from generation to generation. It is usually done after the summer rainy season. Tradition holds that if your nails are still orange by the time the first snow falls, you will marry your first love.
The 1998 Winter Olympics were approaching. The ski coach, Bang Jung Sam had to recruit all of the members of the ski jump team to participate in this Olympics. The members were Cha Hyeon Tae, Kang Chil Goo, Choi Heung Cheol, Ma Jae Bok, and Kang Bong Goo. They had been good skiers, but were out of practice. Cha Hyeon Tae was raised in America, and trained in alpine skiing. Heung-Cheol was a waiter for a nightclub. Ma Jae Bok had a strict father, working at a meat restaurant. Kang Chil Goo and his autistic brother Kang Bong Goo live with their grandmother. All of them had to do strenuous practice to get them geared up for the qualifying match at the World Cup. They had to overcome their fear and practice by training in unusual places, such as from the top of cars, amusement park roller coasters, etc. When the World Cup began, the team was lucky enough to pass after a disqualification from a fight the night before. Qualifying was bitter sweet as the announcement for the next Olympics opted for Salt Lake City over Korea's Muju. Unfortunately, because of deep fog, Kang Chil Goo injures his leg, and becomes unable to compete. Bong Goo decides to jump as a substitute but does not make the required distance for a gold medal and nearly loses his life. Despite their loss the athletes rejoice for the fact that Bong Goo survived the jump. Nevertheless, people in Korea were proud of them and surprised with their skills.
<doc id="28426931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28426931" title="Piparwar">
