Farhang Sharif (Persian: فرهنگ شریف) born 1931 in Amol is a well-known Iranian musician and renowned tar player.
In 2009, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Warren County School District was $245 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 11,182 property owners applied for the tax relief. The tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property on the individual's tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. The Pennsylvania Auditor General found that 77% of property owners applied for tax relief in Warren County, in 2009. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $632 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. This was the second year Chester Upland School District was the top recipient.
Episodes.

Centre for art, culture and science.
The Rapids came into the MLS Cup Playoffs as a dark horse team, finishing seventh overall in the standings, and fifth in the Western Conference. In spite of finishing fifth place in the Western Conference, the team was placed in the Eastern Conference bracket. The reason was that the Rapids qualified for the playoffs through a wildcard seed. For the MLS Cup Playoffs, wild card seeds qualify for the playoffs regardless of their conference, and consequently, may be placed in a conference they do not participate in. In the playoffs, the top two teams in both conferences are guaranteed playoff berths, while the remaining field is determined through a wildcard system. This system allowed for six Western Conference teams to enter, while only two Eastern Conference teams qualified.

<doc id="25280982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25280982" title="Delhi Multan Road">
<doc id="25281960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25281960" title="Pierre Abraham">
Prior to the election FiveThirtyEight's forecast gave Johnson a 100 percent chance of winning and projected that he would receive 74 percent of the vote to Carter's 23 percent. On election day Johnson was re-elected with 75 percent of the vote to Carter's 25 percent. Johnson was again re-elected in 2012.

Results.

For example, 
In December 2003, the NCCAOM began to offer a certification program in Oriental medicine, an umbrella program offering an applicant the opportunity to demonstrate competence in the full range of the Oriental medicine branches. Certificants of this distinct program earned the designation of Diplomate in Oriental Medicine (Dipl.OM)."


This was established soon after 43 CE, on land which was at that time a mile from the sea, at the north end of the Wantsum channel. The Wantsum once separated Thanet from mainland Kent, and the fort was probably there to defend the Roman fleet anchored in the channel.
<doc id="25293114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25293114" title="Anata no Koibito ni Naritai no Desu">
There are obvious dangers for victims with spinal injuries or osteoporosis, therefore victims should be moved only if the situation absolutely requires it (e.g., in a fire). Rescuers also should move slow and deliberate to avoid self-injury. Do not stumble while walking backwards!
The Conservative-Monarchist Club (Polish: "Klub Zachowawczo-Monarchistyczny", abbr. KZ-M) is a Polish organization of traditionalist, counter-revolutionary and Catholic character. It was founded on 7 March 1988 as a society. The doctrine of the club can be characterized as integralist conservatism. It is a metapolitical organization, keeping apart from daily politics, instead, it aims at advancing ideas of free market and Catholic traditionalism. It considers itself a successor to the Conservative-Monarchist Club founded in Kraków, 1926, which in turn succeeded the Conservative Party founded in 1922. The Club publishes a quarterly entitled Pro Fide Rege et Lege and maintains the internet portal konserwatyzm.pl.
Compressed suffix array
Game 3.
Spin-off.
Maurice of Saxe-Lauenburg (1551 – 2 November 1612, Buxtehude) was the fourth son of Francis I of Saxe-Lauenburg and Sybille of Saxe-Freiberg (Freiberg, *2 May 1515 – 18 July 1592*, Buxtehude), daughter of Duke Henry IV "the Pious" of Saxony. Maurice ruled Saxe-Lauenburg as duke between 1581 and 1612, together with his elder brothers Magnus II (until 1588) and Francis II, who survived him.
Trapp Lake
Haugaard may refer to:
Codington County Historical Society.

Flint joined Tottenham Hotspur from non League club Bedford Town in 1948. The forward played five matches and scored one goal for the "Lilywhites". After leaving White Hart Lane, Flint joined Aldershot where he featured in 324 matches and netting 70 goals between 1950 and 1958. He went on to have a spell at Leyton Orient before ending his senior career at Bath City.

Mont Ventoux Hill Climb
<doc id="25310650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25310650" title="Musicalische Ergötzung">
<doc id="25311739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25311739" title="Fisher Culex">
When the Arabs under Abu Ubaid's were making an expedition in the Sawad in 634, Rostam Farrokhzād sent Bahman Jadhuyih and Jalinus against him with a force from the powerful Wuzurgan class, who had units such as war elephants and the Zhayedan. Rostam is known to have to have told Bahman that: "if Jalinus returns to the like of his defeat, then cut off his head." Bahman, clashed with Arabs at Sawaw and successfully drove the Muslims back to Babylon west of the Tigris, and then drove them across the Euphrates, and camped at Qoss al-Natef on the east bank. Abu Ubaid camped across the river, and when he crossed the Euphrates on a floating bridge and attacked Bahman's army. Bahman then caught the Muslims with their backs to the river and inflicted a heavily defeat on them at the Battle of the Bridge. During the battle the army of Bahman had an advantage: the elephants in his army frightened the Arabs horses, and which later resulted in the death of Abu Ubaid. The bridge was then broken by an Arab, and around 4,000 Arabs died by drowning and many others were killed by the Bahman's forces. Al-Muthanna managed to flee from the bridge and rally 3,000 Arab survivors, however, some of them fled back to Medina. Bahman did not pursue the fleeing Arab army. In 636 during the Battle of al-Qadisiyyah Bahman was killed by Qa’qa ibn Amr in in revenge for the death of Abu Ubaid and the others killed at the Battle of the Bridge.

Marriages and issue.
