Lewisia oppositifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name opposite-leaf lewisia. It is native to the Klamath Mountains of Josephine County, Oregon, and Del Norte County, California, where it is a local serpentine endemic generally found in moist areas. This is a perennial herb growing from a small taproot and caudex unit. It produces a basal rosette of several lance-shaped, blunt-tipped fleshy leaves up to 11 centimeters long. There are sometimes smaller leaves located on the lower stem. The inflorescence is made up of one or more erect stems up to about 20 centimeters long, each bearing 1 to 6 flowers. The flower has 8 to 11 white to pale pink petals with blunt or jagged tips, each between 1 and 2 centimeters long. At the center are several stamens with pale anthers. This plant has a limited distribution and it is threatened by human activity in the area, such as logging.
Personal life.
MIDHANI - an Company with modern metallurgical facilities and technical competence in manufacturing a wide range of Superalloys, Titanium, Special Purpose Steels and other special metals and alloys meeting stringent international standards for application in Aerospace, Defence, Atomic Energy, Power Generation, Chemical and other hi-tech industries.

Ríos got his first call up by interim coach Efraín Flores for friendly matches on September 4 and 7, 2010 against Ecuador and Colombia, respectively. He was called once again for the friendly match against Venezuela, where he was a starter and played up to half time.
Question Object File Format
Tarr Chronicles is a space combat simulation game developed by Quazar Studio and published by Paradox Interactive (EU), Akella (Russia) and cdv Software (NA). The game was released on September 28, 2007 in Europe and in North America on October 1, 2007.
In North America and Japan using a standard household outlet (120-volt, 15 amp breaker, 12 amp maximum allowable draw, 1.4 kW) and the cable included by Nissan, the Leaf will regain approximately 5 miles of range per hour. This type of charging is ideal for the commuter that can plug into standard outlets at home and at work during the typical 21 hours a day that the typical North American car is parked. It is also useful for emergency charging from any ubiquitous 120-volt outlet just about anywhere in North America.




Method.
<doc id="23837531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23837531" title="Legend of the Parson and Clerk">
The John Pearson Soda Works structure was built in several stages: The previous building on the site burned down in a devastating fire that affected most of Placerville in the 1850s. Scottish immigrant John McFarland Pearson built the lower portion of the building in 1859 as a commercial ice house. He chose to build in front of an idle mine shaft so he could use the underground rooms and tunnels to store ice at controlled temperatures. In addition, the walls of this section were made thick to keep the ice cool in the storefront. Pearson later expanded into soda water; his sons added the brick second story in 1897 to house the bottling operation. They added a water-driven elevator to transport the product from each level. The store also sold other groceries such as eggs and beer.
Castelgrande may refer to:
The N.G. Kuznetsov Naval Academy located in Saint Petersburg is the only academy of the Russian Navy. 
, the Volt/Ampera family is the world's best selling plug-in hybrid and the second best selling plug-in electric car after the Leaf, with combined sales of about 77,000 units worldwide, including about 9,200 Opel/Vauxhall Amperas sold in Europe through June 2014. Volt sales are led by the United States with 63,167 units, and Ampera sales led by the Netherlands with 4,942 units registered. The Toyota Prius PHEV is the second top selling plug-in hybrid car, with global sales of about 60,000 units through June 2014, and sales are led by the U.S. with over 34,000 units sold.
<doc id="23841686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23841686" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota">
