Some of the athletes that use Shaklee products are: Craig Blanchette, Laurie Brandt, Kent Bostick, Eli Bremer, Sandra Gal, Bill Demong, Kris Freeman, Zach Krych, Adam Moore, Reilley Rankin, Jennifer Rodriguez, Carl Rundell, Roz Savage, Darin Shapiro, and Ashley Wagner.

Budha Subba temple is also the tomb of the last Limbu King of Morang, Buddhi Karnaraya Khebang. He was tricked into coming to Bijaypur-Dharan for a negotiation, then killed by the assassins of King Prithvi Narayan Shah of Nepal. Buddhi Karna Khebang's soul is believed to have wandered around the area of his tomb around Bijaypur and was said to be a friendly and helpful spirit. Then local Limbu people started worshipping the soul as an old king (Subha or Hang means King in Limbu language believing it to be bring good luck. Bijaypur-Dharan was the capital city of the Kingdom of Morang and the political and economic centre of the Limbuwan region.
Latham (1859) in ‘Descriptive Ethnology’ identified the place of Dhimals as unfavourable and full of malaria, though, he stated “…yet the Dhimal, the Bodo, and others thrive in it, love it, leave it with regret”. He believes that Dhimals are separated from Bodos as language, pantheons, marriage ceremony, funerals even festivals of the two are very much different. Latham also identified Hodgson’s work as “a model of an ethnological monograph”. After that all writings are more or less influenced by and borrowed data from Hodgson’s writings. Among them the writing of Edward Twite Dalton (1872) may be mentioned.
Fundus photography is used by optometrists, ophthalmologists, and trained medical professionals for monitoring progression of a disease, diagnosis of a disease (combined with retinal angiography), or in screening programs and epidemiology.
Temitope Balogun Joshua (born June 12, 1963 in Arigidi, Nigeria), commonly referred to as T. B. Joshua, is a Christian minister, televangelist and so-called faith healer. He is leader and founder of the ministry organisation "The Synagogue, Church of All Nations" (SCOAN), which runs a Christian television station called Emmanuel TV.
<doc id="13864897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13864897" title="1997 Pittsburgh Pirates season">

Martin died in Bedford of cancer and Alzheimer's disease. In addition to his wife, he was survived by their daughter, Anita Luce of Keller in Tarrant County; their son, Brian E. Martin of Aubrey in Denton County, and seven grandchildren. An older son, Gary Martin, preceded his father in death.
K. Saraswathi Amma (1919–1975) is a Malayalam feminist writer whose short stories have been anthologized in translation in several American texts. According to critic Jancy James, “In the entire history of women's writing in Kerala, Saraswathi Amma's is the most tragic case of the deliberate neglect of female genius.”.
