Scaife made headlines in the fall of 1973, when a "Tribune-Review" reporter was fired for making the remark "one down and one to go" during the Watergate era when Vice President Spiro T. Agnew resigned over corruption charges dating back to his days as governor of Maryland. In 1992, the two main newspapers in Pittsburgh were embroiled in a lengthy labor dispute that ultimately led the larger paper, the "Pittsburgh Press", to cease operations, and for the remaining paper, the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", to suspend publication for nearly six months until the "Post-Gazette" acquired the "Press" late that year.
Punjabi literature.
Sonny Til
Otters were observed twice in Southern California in 2011, once near Laguna Beach and once at Zuniga Point Jetty, near San Diego. These are the first documented sightings of otters this far south in 30 years.
Irish Republican Brotherhood.

Another community that was changed dramatically from the gold rush was Wine Harbour. This community is now about the size of Goldenville, but back during the gold rush it became a boom town too. During the peak of the gold rush, this small community had three main streets (which was big for any community outside of Halifax at this time). There was also a hotel as well as several general stores. 
It also purchased a vessel, "McArthur", which has been outfitted for disaster response and training. According to Blackwater USA, it features "state of the art navigation systems, full GMDSS communications, SEATEL Broadband, dedicated command and control bays, helicopter decks, hospital and multiple support vessel capabilities." "McArthur" was built in 1966 by the Norfolk Shipbuilding and Drydock Company and served as the survey ship USC&GS "McArthur" (MSS 22) for the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1966 to 1970 and as NOAAS "McArthur" (S 330) for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration from 1970 until her decommissioning in 2003. The ship is home-ported in Norfolk, Virginia.
Some reviews are average, mixed or negative: Yahoo! Music UK gave it a score of six stars out of ten and said, "Adams can undoubtedly pen this classic rawk stuff with his ears closed and, as a result, the 15 tracks here lack heart." "No Ripcord" also gave it a score of six stars out of ten and said, "No matter how cliched and predictable this record gets, there are always some undeniable hooks to lure you back in before your patience wears thin." Playlouder gave it a score of three stars out of five and said, "There are tunes galore, and ideas that some groups would do someone in for, it’s just a shame he decided to do an approximation of all his favourite bands, and didn’t try something a bit more progressive than 'Rock‘n’Roll'." "Chicago Tribune" gave it a mixed review and said that "Adams devotes himself almost entirely to his rock impulses. The problem is that his writing and vocals aren't as consistently distinctive or convincing in the rock arena. He aims for the intensity of Kurt Cobain and Paul Westerberg on some tracks and croons like Jon Bon Jovi on another. It's not until the melancholy "Wish You Were Here" that Adams slows the tempo and delivers the intimacy that characterized his earlier solo work, most of which was four-star quality." "The Guardian" gave it a score of two stars out of five and said that "Adams is too busy winking, smirking and showing off to convey anything approaching an emotion." Drowned in Sound gave the album a score of three out of ten and called it "the worst record Ryan Adams has ever put his name to; a mess of identikit garage buffoonery and amateurish production, filled with rushed lyrics and written-in-a-weekend tunes."
Ron Santo - 15 (Inducted July 22, 2012)<br>
