Lift-off oversteer (also known as snap-oversteer, trailing-throttle oversteer, throttle off oversteer, or lift-throttle oversteer) is a form of oversteer in automobiles that occurs while cornering when closing the throttle causes a deceleration, causing the vertical load on the tires to shift from the rear to the front, in a process called weight transfer. This decrease in vertical load on the rear tires causes a decrease in the lateral force they generate, so that their lateral acceleration (into the corner) is also decreased. This causes the vehicle to steer more tightly into the turn, hence oversteering. In other words, easing off the accelerator can cause the rear tires to lose traction, with the potential for the car to leave the road tail first.

Sinclair.
Mokra Gora has become popular after a reconstruction of a narrow gauge railway called Šargan Eight which is unique in the world. Its route viewed from the sky, looks like the number 8.
Modern exhibitions:

The stabilisation achieved by one pass of a D.G.S. is equal to that achieved by 100,000 tonnes of traffic, and allows a speed restriction of 20 km/h to be relaxed to 40 km/h
Đurađ founded for the Serbian Orthodox Church a Church of Saint George and the Beška Monastery on the island of Beška in Lake Skadar, near Starčevo. After his death, his wife Jelena expanded it in 1438/1439 with another church, the St Mary's Church, where she was buried in 1443. The monastery became a significant cultural and spiritual center of the Serbian Church, actively working in scribing and nourishing the Nemanjić heritage. Đurađ's wife Jelena became a deeply religious and talented poet, writing the opus of then's Old Serb-Slavic language.
In 2009, she was awarded the IEEE John von Neumann Medal for "contributions to programming language design and implementation and for exemplary service to the discipline of computer science".

The Commercial Fixturing & Components segment designs and produces store fixtures used by retailers. In addition, Leggett & Platt produces chair controls, bases, and other products for the office seating market.
The golden triangle is also uniquely identified as the only triangle to have its three angles in 2:2:1 proportion.
Numerous small explosives, strategically placed within the structure, are used to catalyze the collapse. Nitroglycerin, dynamite, or other explosives are used to shatter reinforced concrete supports. Linear shaped charges are used to sever steel supports. These explosives are progressively detonated on supports throughout the structure. Then, explosives on the lower floors initiate the controlled collapse.
In 2012, Apathy released the double CD "" as the third installment to the "It's the Bootleg, Muthafuckas!" series, as well as "The Alien Tongue," a collection of his earliest demos and recordings. The bootleg double CD included collaborations with Nas, Xzibit, DJ Premier, Royce Da 5'9, Vinnie Paz, Ill Bill, and B Real, among others.
In retirement, he became a successful author of adventure fiction for children. At this time he also wrote "Charlton, an autobiography", published by Penguin Books (no. 163, 1938); this work was rather candid, and was written in the third person singular.

Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardino
Characters.
During April 1980, a group of Dominican industralists began to meet with the intention of formalizing a stock market and creating a regulating body guarded by the transparency and the efficiency of the operations in this market. This group consisted of Ricardo Valdéz Albízu, Hector Rizek, Ramón Mena, Winston Marrero, Otto Montero, Frederic Eman-Zadé, Luis Sabater and Rosendo Alvarez III. During 1987 this original group contacted Robert Bishop, the former vice-president of the New York Stock Exchange, to assist with the markets creation. The Dominican Republics first stock exchange finally came into legal existence under Presidential Decree No. 554-89 that was passed on February 20, 1989, but actually did not begin formal operations until December 1991. It was originally known as the "Bolsa de Valores de Santo Domingo Inc". In 1997, as a result of the fact that its activities extended into other cities of the country, it changed its name to "Bolsa de Valores de la República Dominicana". This means that the market is still relatively new, and the concept of both an equity and capital market is just coming into consciousness. Despite the limitations resulting from inadequate legislation, transactions at the BVRD grew steadily during the 1990s.
In 2003, the art galleries at Mason Gross held ‘’Critical Mass: Happenings, Fluxus, Performance, Intermedia and Rutgers University, 1958-1972’’ to coincide with the release of a book by the same name by Geoffrey Hendricks. It featured artifacts from performances by Rutgers-affiliated Fluxus artists. The Flux Mass was re-staged that year on November 1 (in the same chapel as the original Flux Mass) as part of a series of performances to accompany the exhibition. The mass was also re-created at Amherst College.
