
Quibeibe
Later in 1817, the city held groundbreaking ceremony for Alexander Witberg's Cathedral of Christ the Saviour, a monument to the 1812 War in Sparrow Hills. This project was later canceled and the current Cathedral emerged in the center of Moscow.
At the outset of World War II, Balthasar was "Staffelkapitän" of 1./Jagdgeschwader 1, which was in July 1940 renamed 7./Jagdgeschwader 27. The squadron did not see any action during the 1939 operation "Fall Weiss", as it was tasked with the air defense of Berlin. On 10 May 1940 German forces launched the offensive in Western Europe and it was there Balthasar made his mark. On his first mission, 11 May 1940, he claimed three Belgian Air Force Gloster Gladiator fighters and a French Morane 406. He also recorded 9 victories in two days between 5 and 6 June 1940, which brought his World War II tally to 21. For this achievement, on 14 June 1940, "Hauptmann" Balthasar was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes"), becoming the second Luftwaffe fighter pilot after Werner Mölders, to be so decorated. Ultimately, Balthasar was the most successful German fighter pilot of the French campaign with 23 victories.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 
The phrase "It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks" is a quote from Acts 26:14, where Saul of Tarsus describes his meeting Jesus while traveling to Damascus. It's a reference to ancient Greek proverb where a kicking ox only injures himself, an illustration of the futility of resisting the Lord.
3″/50 caliber gun

The show's futuristic-looking set was designed by Jim Newton, and was the first use of neon on a game show set. The revival debuted on March 26, 1973 with guest celebrities Arte Johnson (who played the original version) and Barbara Feldon.
The organization has different teams according to age: 12u,14u, 16u, 17u, 18u
Grolnick died on June 1, 1996 from non-Hodgkin Lymphoma. He was 48 years old.
Mining in this area started as early as in the 13th century. In 1337 it was first mentioned under the names Nove Montanie (hence the name Nová Baňa - "new mine") and Seunych. In that year, (probably German) burghers from Kremnica and Pukanec settled here, because gold was discovered in the area. In 1345 Nová Baňa became a "free royal mining town". The mines were closed down in 1887.
Horse racing.
Haubits FH77
Waxoyl
Configuration, using the right hand.
The RKPN was an orthodox catholic testimonial party in contrast to the pragmatic and liberal course of the Catholic People's Party. The party took the Ten Commandments as their main perspective. The RKPN followed the conservative course of Pope Paul VI.
Edward Francis McLaughlin, Jr. (August 18, 1920 – January 21, 2005) was an American attorney and politician who served as a Boston city councilor, president of the Boston City Council, and the 60th Lieutenant Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts from 1961 to 1963.
Prior to GAB's brief period of ownership, Haviland Thin Mints and related brands had been owned by Borden for over twenty years. The brand dates its origins to at least World War II, when it was one of the candies supplied to U.S. soldiers.
Lampanyctus is a genus of lanternfishes. 
Fur traders and early settlers utilised the rivers and Red River cart roads such as "Long Trail" until the early 1900s when the railroad and bush planes supplemented travel to this northern boreal transition area. Corduroy roads provided a means for early land vehicles to cross over muskeg and swamp. Horse drawn ploughs filled low areas, settlers hauled gravel and cleared bush for the road ways surveyed along high elevations following lake and river shore lines. Municipalities would grade and gravel roads providing transportation between trading centres. The all weather road arrived alongside of the NWWR association's impetus for a travel and tourism corridor along the northern area of the western provinces. Traffic volume along the route is a major factor to determine highway classification, surface type, and construction upgrades.
Government officials and defenders of the project claim the Yangtze River has a plentiful supply of water, with 96% of the water currently flowing into the Pacific Ocean. They argue that transferring one portion to the poorly irrigated areas of the north could solve the north's water scarcity issue.
<br clear=all>
"Touch Me" is a song by Portuguese house producer Rui da Silva and British singer-songwriter Cassandra Fox. The single is arguably Rui da Silva's most popular song, spending one week at the number-one spot on the UK chart, the first song by a Portuguese musician to do so, lasting a total of 14 weeks on the chart alone and selling over 300,000 copies. The soulful vocal, trance chords, and deep house groove of "Touch Me" earned Rui an award for Best Single in the Muzik Magazine Dance Awards 2001, as well as a nomination for Best Breakthrough Artist at the Dance Star Awards.
In 1945, Sachs retired together from Fogg, while he remained Sachs on the teaching faculty until 1948 when he was named a professor emeritus. 
