
Clothier High Voltage Laboratory.
During the Great Patriotic War, the authorities of the East Siberian Railway provided volunteer units to be dispatched to the front (20 railmen would be awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union), found resources for repairing military equipment, prepared rolling stock, and gradually increased the amount of freight from Siberia to the European part of the country.
Collective Projects.

He was born in Kristiania as a son of engineer Fredrik Hiorth. He took his education at Kristiania Technical School and the University of Geneva. He was a member of the Faraday Society. After further studies abroad he settled in Asker.
William Loeb, Jr. was born in Albany, New York. He was the son of William Loeb, a barber and Prussian immigrant of Jewish descent. He attended public school but did attend college. At the age of 12 he took his first job as secretary to Bishop William Croswell Doane, the first Bishop of Albany. He became a newspaper correspondent and as a law reporter he became actively interested in politics and served as secretary to the Republican county committee of Albany County and as vice president of the Unconditional Republican Club. In 1888 he was elected official stenographer of the lower house of the New York Legislature, and over the years gained political experience and acquaintances serving as private secretaries to the Lieutenant-Governor, President pro tempore of the State Senate, Speaker of the Assembly and to 1891 candidate for Governor Jacob Sloat Fassett during whose campaign he toured the state with as well as reporting on the debates of the 1894 New York State Constitutional Convention.

<doc id="22769838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22769838" title="Webster Groves High School">
Initially the firm operated on a "small scale", but "by perseverance, acumen, and integrity it rapidly increased its business and expanded its sphere." The firm opened its first branch in Hong Kong in 1867, and its next in Shanghai on 1January 1881. By 1901 the firm had 37 branches throughout China, including branches with European staff in Tientsin, Hankow, Tsingtau, Wuhu, Kiukiang, Newchwang, Chungking, and Mukden, while branches with Chinese only staff in Peking, Tsinanfu, and Kirin, among others. Additionally the firm had "numerous Chinese agencies."
Greenfield Bridge area.
He immigrated to the United States in 1921, attended New York University and Columbia University, and married Barbara Duberstein. Wisberg made his career as a screenwriter, director, and producer with credits in more than 40 films including "The Big Fix", "The Man from Planet X", "Hercules in New York", "The Neanderthal Man", "Captive Women", "Port Sinister" and "Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl". Three of his early screenplays were World War II movies: "Counter-Espionage" and "Submarine Raider" in 1942 and "They Came to Blow Up America" in 1943. Wisberg's 1945 film "The Horn Blows at Midnight" starred the comedian Jack Benny.

