<doc id="1402512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1402512" title="HMS Adamant">
In 2004, "Magners Light", which is a low calorie version of the cider, was released. In 2011, the Bulmers Light pint bottle was launched. In March 2009, a new perry (marketed as "Pear Cider") called "Magners Pear" was launched 
William Henry Gilham was born in Vincennes, Indiana on January 13, 1818. his father's family came from Virginia. He was appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, where he graduated 5th in the Class of 1840.
"It's gotta be D's!" 
Orphism (religion)
The Imperial Regalia, insignia, or crown jewels (in German Reichskleinodien, Reichsinsignien, or Reichsschatz) are the regalia of the Emperors and Kings of the Holy Roman Empire. The most important parts are the Imperial Crown, the Holy Lance and the Imperial Sword. Today they are kept at the Schatzkammer Treasury in the Hofburg palace in Vienna, Austria.
The series ran for nine issues from 1986 through 1989. There were a number of spin-offs: "Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters in 3-D" (illustrated by Ty Templeton) ran for four issues in 1986 (also available in non-3D editions); "Clint: Hamster Triumphant" was a two issue series focusing on one of the hamsters; and "Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters Massacre the Japanese Invasion" was a one shot in 1989. The Hamsters also appeared in Total Eclipse and "Naive Inter-Dimensional Commando Koalas". Don Chin went on to write and edit several other parody-themed works using the same style of humor.
Persistent Archives Concept.
The circumstances of Fet's death caused almost as much controversy as those of his birth. According to initial reports (later reproduced by some biographers) he died in his Moscow home of a heart attack. While being formally true, this fact concealed a much more bizarre sequence of events.

First British Occupation.
Since leaving prison Stone concentrated on work in the community and being an artist, a hobby he began in the Maze. His paintings are vivid and not so much political as topical. They fetch between a few hundred and a few thousand pounds each. Stone published his autobiography titled "None Shall Divide Us", in which he claimed that he had received "specialist assistance" from RUC operatives in carrying out the cemetery killings. A second book and the auctioning of the jacket he wore at the Milltown Cemetery at a Scottish loyalist club for £10,000 have brought forward legislation to ban former convicted paramilitaries released through the Northern Ireland Peace Process from profiting from their crimes.
Extended essays are marked by external assessors (examiners appointed by the IB) on a scale of 0 to 36. There are "general" and "subject-specific" criteria, at a ratio of 2:1 (24 possible marks for the general criteria and 12 marks for the subject-specific one). The total mark is converted into a grade from A to E. A similar system is used for theory of knowledge and students can gain up to 3 points for the diploma based on the grades achieved for EE and TOK.

WLAG
Halsey did not make the playoff roster for Oakland's division series against the Minnesota Twins. Oakland already had a left-hander in Joe Kennedy
Larger USY regions are occasionally split into sub-regions or divisions. The sub-regions/divisions act much like regions, holding their own conventions and elections. Currently, there are two regions with sub-regions/divisions, the HaNegev region and the MetNY region. Each Sub-Region/Division is lead by a 6 person Executive Board. HaNegev's three sub-regions, are Arvot (South Florida), Mercaz (North and Central Florida), and Ein Gedi (Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, North Carolina, and South Carolina). Metny's three divisions are Emek (Hudson Valley), lead by Ethan Richter, Sababa (Manhattan, Queens, and Brooklyn), lead by Rachel Coons, and Ruach (Long Island), lead by Ethan Feuer.
<doc id="1406840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1406840" title="Artemether">
