Jewish ethics is the intersection of Judaism and the philosophical discipline of ethics. Most Jewish ethical texts derive from the Hebrew Bible. For centuries, the biblical literature has served as a “primary source for the development of Jewish moral concepts and ethical reflection.” Tracing back to ancient rabbinic Judaism, scholars have sought to develop ethics and a moral code of conduct based on their understanding of the written Torah. Pirkei Avot, a compilation of ethical teachings in the Talmud, was written by the rabbis of the MishnaicMishnaic period. It outlines the Torah’s views on ethics and interpersonal relationships and it is the only part of the Talmud not containing laws. Jewish ethics continued to expand in the Middle Ages as great Jewish thinkers including Moses Maimonides, Saadya Gaon, and Bahya ben Joseph ibn Paquda greatly contributed to moral Jewish thought. During the 19th and 20th centuries, Jewish ethics flourished, in part due to the development of the different denominations or branched of Judaism. There are many different scholars who have influenced contemporary Jewish ethics including Hermann Cohen, Martin Buber, and Emmanuel Levinas. Still, in recent decades, the interpretation and reinterpretation of Jewish ethics continues to be a source of debate among scholars.
Photographer Omar Gándara was murdered two days before Miranda in the state capital city of Chihuahua.
Long jump.
<doc id="41404757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41404757" title="George B. Sinner">
Scott Anderson (born January 30, 1974), nicknamed "Slicko", is a runner who specialized in middle-distance and long-distance disciplines in competitive track and field. Although Anderson never competed in the Olympics, at one point he was one of the brightest track prospects in the United States. He finished in eighth place out of nine competitors in the first heat of the preliminary round for the 1500-meter race at the 1996 US Olympic Trials.
<doc id="41406615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41406615" title="Lake Rochelle">
