
Very limited detailed descriptions of the Haynesville Shale indicated that it is fossiliferous. The reported fossils include unidentified coccoliths, bivalves, gastropods, and calcispheres. Both stratigraphic relationships and a nannofossil (coccolith) assemblage described from it indicates that it is Kimmeridgian, 151 to 157 million years old, in age.
<br>
Directed by Daniel Gruener, it shows black and white and colorful scenes. The video also marked her debut on international music channels.
Richmond was selected as a starting pitcher for Team Canada at the World Baseball Classic, but did not get to play. He was a starter at the Major League level for the Blue Jays for his first full season, due to injuries to Shaun Marcum and Dustin McGowan. In the month of April, Richmond went 3–0, allowing 7 earned runs, 20 strikeouts with a 2.70 ERA over 23.1 innings pitched. His strong performance played an important role in keeping Toronto in first place for the month of April. Richmond was honored by Major League Baseball for his strong April, winning the Rookie of the Month award for the American League.

<doc id="18627597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18627597" title="Mahiki">
Ramesh Tendulkar published in 1982 a compilation titled "Mrunmayi" (मृण्मयी) of Sant's selected poetry.

The event was founded in 1999 by Bernadette Peters with Mary Tyler Moore and others, who wanted to do "something for the animals" after a successful fund–raising campaign for Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS. Performers, many appearing in Broadway shows, and other celebrities present cats and dogs from New York City and vicinity animal shelters for adoption.
Aristida behriana

History.
Magnetic shark repellents utilize permanent magnets, which exploit the sensitivity of the Ampullae of Lorenzini in sharks and rays (electrosense). This organ is not found on bony fishes (teleosts), therefore, this type of shark repellent is selective to sharks and rays. Permanent magnets do not require power input, making them ideal for use in fisheries and as bycatch reduction devices.
The two German DRG Class 61 steam engines were express train locomotives specifically built by Henschel for the Henschel-Wegmann train in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn. The Henschel-Wegmann train was an initiative of the German locomotive construction industry, intended to be able to demonstrate a powerful locomotive-hauled train alongside the emerging express railbuses.
<doc id="18634370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18634370" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Salem">

Later, his Church assigned him a pastoral role, and Robinson served as Presbyter-in-Charge of the Kanyakumari District.
The village was established in 1949 by immigrants from Yemen, and was named after the biblical city of Elkosh, birth-town of prophet Nahum (Nahum 1:1), which was located in the area. The founders were later joined by more immigrants from Kurdistan. The village is founded on the land of the Palestinian village of Dayr al-Qassi.
