Within the traditions of renga and renku, the hokku, as the opening verse of the poem, has always held a special position. It was traditional for the most honoured guest at the poetry-writing session to be invited to compose it, and he would be expected to offer praise to his host and/or deprecate himself (often symbolically), while superficially referring to current surroundings and season. (The following verse fell to the host, who would respond with a compliment to the guest, again usually symbolically).
In "The Shaggy Man of Oz", the love magnet has worn through the nail and broken, and the Shaggy Man must go to the creator of the love magnet, Conjo (a retcon) in order to have it fixed. To get there, he visits many of the places visited in "John Dough and the Cherub".
The ordinary of both the Eucharist and the canonical hours does, however, admit minor variations in accordance with the seasons, such as omission of "Alleluia" in Lent and its addition in Eastertide.
History.
Janet Langhart Cohen (born December 22, 1940) is an American model, television journalist and author. She serves as President and CEO of Langhart Communications and is the spouse of former Defense Secretary William Cohen. In June 2009, her one-act play "Anne and Emmett" premiered at the United States Holocaust Museum.

Mutavakkil (Mutal) Burhonov (; Bukhara, - 2002) was a Soviet Uzbek composer.
After playing a few minor shows and recording her first demos in Bergen in 1999, she moved to Sweden, first to Uppsala and then to Stockholm in 2001, where she started to take her musical career seriously.

Museum exhibits highlight economic, technological, social, and cultural contributions made throughout the region by loggers and the logging industry. Interior displays include working models of sawmills and logging camps, historic logging photos, dioramas illustrating the evolution of logging from the 1850s to the present day, and a large collection of logging tools such as handsaws, drag saws and chainsaws, peeves and canthooks, broadaxes and felling axes. Also, a full-size scene of a 1930s-era logging camp family cabin, and touch-screen displays of logging sights and sounds are highlights of the museum.
Animated series.
Spotted by a Universal Studios talent scout while starring at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Canada in 1975, Macht was signed to a contract and by the mid 1970s had left teaching and was making frequent appearances in TV episodes and movies.
Brown charted at least 96 entries on the Billboard Hot 100 and at least 110 entries on the R&B chart. Seventeen of Brown's singles, including five credited as "James Brown and the Famous Flames", hit number-one on the R&B chart. He recorded several more hits pseudonymously, notably "(Do the) Mashed Potatoes" and "Doing It to Death". In addition to his own hits, Brown wrote and produced charting records by many other performers, including Bobby Byrd, Hank Ballard, Tammy Montgomery, Lyn Collins, Marva Whitney, and The J.B.'s. In contrast to his chart success, few of Brown's hit recordings were certified by the RIAA, partly due to the reluctance of his record labels to pay the required fees. He had just two "certified" gold singles - "Get on the Good Foot" (1972) and "The Payback" (1974) - and one gold album, 1974's "The Payback".
