After the independence of Tanzania the Central Line and the Usambara Railway were connected between the stations of Mruazi and Ruvu.
When Cao Cao went west to fight Ma Chao and Han Sui, Cheng Yu was assigned as a strategist to Cao Cao's son Cao Pi, who was in charge of the capital. During the time Cao Cao went west, local gentries of Hejian rebelled. Cao Pi sent a general to subdue the revolt, several thousand rebels offered to surrender when they were besieged. A meeting was held within the court to decide whether they should accept the surrender. Many participants of the discussion proposed to reject the surrender, because Cao Cao once issued a fiat that those who surrendered after being besieged should be executed. But Cheng Yu opposed: "The reason Cao Cao set such expedient rule was that he was fighting numerous enemies in a chaotic time. To execute those who surrender after being besieged could intimidate other potential enemies, and encouraged early submissions; subsequently, we did not need to lay siege every time. However, the territory under control is stabilized, and this battle happens within our domain, so these kinds of enemies will surely surrender, killing them will not threaten other enemies. Thus, to kill the rebels now is not Cao Cao's primary focus of his rule. I suggest their surrender be accepted; if you must execute them, please inform master Cao first." The feckless audience simply ignored Cheng Yu's rationale, and vindicated their choice by claiming they had the autonomy over military issues and it was not necessary to report every single provision. Cheng Yu remained silence and the officers left the courtroom. After the exodus, Cao Pi specifically consulted Cheng Yu if he held any thought back in the discussion, wherein Cheng replied: "The reason Commandants and Commanders were given autonomic power is that frontline military issues are so imminent that decisions must be made immediately. But the surrendered rebels are enfettered by your general, and have no way to mutiny. That is why I don't want to see you use (abuse) your authority. Being delighted by Cheng Yu, Cao Pi changed his mind and reported the issue to Cao Cao, who ordered the surrendered rebels to be spared. After Cao Cao returned from his expedition, he particularly expressed his gratitude to Cheng Yu by claiming the latter to be an intelligent man who not only excelled in tactics but also knew how to manage the relationship between father and son.
In 1982 the FIA reorganized the classes into Division 1, for Group A but restricted to two-wheel drive, and Division 2 for the so-called "Rallycross Specials", which allowed the use of four-wheel drive. The first European Champions under this new rules became Norwegian Egil Stenshagen and Austrian Franz Wurz (father of ex-Formula One driver Alexander Wurz).
