These hills are of great cultural and spiritual significance to the San peoples of the Kalahari. They believe the hills are a resting place for the spirits of the deceased and that these spirits will cause misfortune and bad luck if anyone hunts or causes death near the hills. The San people believe these hills to be the site of first Creation. Factually, the San people painted more than 4500 rock paintings against the magnificent stone faces of the Tsodilo Hills, making it one of the most historically significant art sites in the world. The San did most of the paintings, although there are a few by Bantu-speakers whose style differs from that of the San. The exact age of the paintings is not known although some are thought to be more than 20,000 years old. The hills contain 500 individual sites representing thousands of years of human habitation.
The social structure of ancient Irish culture was based around the concept of the "fine" (plural "finte"), or family kin-group. All "finte" descended from a common ancestor out to four generations comprised a social unit known as a "dearbhfhine" (plural "dearbhfhinte"). "Túatha" are often described as petty kingdoms. Due to the complex and ever-changing political nature of ancient and medieval Ireland, "túatha" ranged in character from petty kingdoms sovereign in their own right, to areas bound by fealty to much larger "over-kingdoms" such as Connacht or Ulaid. Thus describing their place in the socio-political structure of Ireland is varied depending on the power and influence of the individual dynasties at the time.
Three others ride with them: Indian agent Professor Alexander Favor, his aristocratic wife Audra and the crude Cicero Grimes. Upon discovering that John Russell is an Indian, Professor Favor requests that Russell ride up top with driver Henry Mendez.
The track was also used for the Phoenix Suns player introduction video for the 2007–2008 season.
Bentley Azure
According to the Ferrara Candy Company website, the company was founded in 1908 by Salvatore Ferrara, Salvatore Buffardi and Anello Pagano. Originally, Ferrara Pan developed and sold sugar-coated almonds or confetti as they are called in Italy. The original manufacturing facility was located at 2200 W. Taylor Street in Chicago.

Forman offers a teacher/coach model in which classroom teachers have the opportunity to work with students on the playing fields, thereby expanding the understanding and support that has proven to increase success and confidence in both areas. All Forman coaches are certified by the Positive Coaching Alliance.
Denise Yue Chung-yee () GBS JP (born 1952) was a Hong Kong politician and Secretary for the Civil Service.
According to The simExchange, the NPD Group reported that "Crysis" moved 86,633 retail units in the first two weeks of its release in North America, but while it beat their expectations, the sales were considered disappointing overall. Two months later, on Electronic Arts' earnings conference of the quarter, it was reported that Crysis had reached the 1 million units mark, and that it had exceeded their expectations. On the other hand, Cevat Yerli stated during an interview with PC Play in April 2008 that he was disappointed to see the game leading the charts in piracy and because of that his studio would not produce any more PC exclusives, as he believed a game such as "Crysis" would sell four to five times more copies if it was released on consoles. Piracy figures released by TorrentFreak indicate that "Crysis" was indeed one of the most pirated PC games of the year. In June 2008 Cevat stated that while their hopes have not been met, the game has reached their real expectations and in August he added that despite its million budget the game has turned profitable for them. By May 2010 the game has sold over 3 million units (and its standalone expansion about 1.5 million units) making it one of the best selling PC games of all time.
The BBWAA was again authorized to elect players active in 1982 or later, but not after 1996; the ballot included candidates from the 2001 ballot who received at least 5% of the vote but were not elected, along with selected players, chosen by a screening committee, whose last appearance was in 1996. All 10-year members of the BBWAA were eligible to vote.

