John Kane (writer)
When asked what made tattooing gain in popularity during his early career, he responded:

At the Teatro alla Scala, from 1915 to 1934, the soprano appeared in "Le prince Igor", "Andrea Chénier", "Isabeau", "Siberia", "Tosca" (directed by Giovacchino Forzano), "La traviata" (conducted by Arturo Toscanini), "Manon Lescaut", "Falstaff" (with Mariano Stabile), "Louise", "Francesca da Rimini" (with Aureliano Pertile as Paolo), "La fanciulla del West", "L'amore dei tre re" (conducted by Victor de Sabata), "Madama Butterfly", "La vida breve" (Italian premiere, 1934), etc.
KCII may refer to:

Specifications.
<doc id="8028018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8028018" title="Sea of Dreams (Misia song)">
Anthony Quinn (rugby league)
Research description.
The animals are red pied with white heads and short horns, and of dairy type. Mature cows weigh and stand about tall at the withers, and mature bulls weigh . The milk is particularly well suited to cheesemaking because of a high frequency of kappa casein BB variants, giving higher yields of cheese. Being of less extreme dairy type than modern Holsteins, the cows have lower milk yields, but better longevity and fertility and lower cell counts in the milk, indicating lower mastitis incidence.
In 1988 he purchased the derelict Alvin Cinema in Camps Bay. Together with designer Jan Corewyn, they transformed it with a post modern façade draped with a sculptured curtain, and named it Theatre on the Bay.
Veils have also been accused of causing problems in the fight against crime:
<doc id="8031231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8031231" title="William McGurn">
Starting in 1989 Piet Kee made a series of eleven recordings for Chandos, including works of Sweelinck, Pachelbel, Bruhns, Buxtehude, Bach, Walther, Mendelssohn, Franck, Alain, Reger, Hindemith, Andriessen and Messiaen on notable European instruments including St. Bavo Haarlem, St. Laurens Alkmaar, Roskilde Cathedral Denmark, Basilika Weingarten, Martini Church Groningen and the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam. Several of these recordings are now available as MP3 downloads.
The Article notes that whenever a State faces severe resource constraints, whether caused by a process of economic adjustment, economic recession, climatic conditions or other factors, measures should be undertaken to ensure that the right to adequate food is especially fulfilled for vulnerable population groups and individuals.
The tree is fast growing, and reputed to have very attractive foliage and bark.
Box Score.

This is believed to be the beginning of the end of 'Hmardom'.
