Initial board certification is available to eligible osteopathic ophthalmologists and otolaryngologists who have successfully completed an American Osteopathic Association-approved residency in ophthalmology, otolaryngology, or otolaryngology/facial plastic surgery, two years of practice, and successful completion of written and oral exams. Board certified osteopathic ophthalmologists and otolaryngologists must renew their certification every ten years to avoid expiration of their board certification status. The American Osteopathic Boards of Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology offer voluntary recertification and upon passage of the required examinations grants board-certified status for a period of ten years.
Rajesh Sharma (born 8 October) is an Indian actor. 
Qayyum Chowdhury (, born 1934) is a Bangladeshi painter.After the pioneering artists like Zainul Abedin, Quamrul Hassan and Safiuddin Ahmed his name is the most popular among the first generation artists of Bangladesh. He is famous for his cover designs - but his significance as a painter is immeasurable. Although Kazi Abdul Kasem and Zainul Abedin led the way for applied art in Bangladesh, Quamrul Hassan helped this field to flourish and it was Qyyum Chowdhury's unswerving creative efforts that bought maturity to this art. During the last fifty years, he has adorned this field with abundance and diversity.His world of painting on the other hand, resonates with the ebullient nature and life in Bangladesh.A passion for literature, music and film made his quests of life optimistic, variety seeking and an abundant source of good taste.
Production history.
With the threat of invasion over, the regiment was moved to North Africa in November 1940 aboard the "Empress of Canada". Assigned to the 6th Division, the regiment saw action against the Italians at Tobruk where they supported the 19th Infantry Brigade. Benghazi fell next and after that was taken, the regiment deployed one battery forward in support of the 17th Infantry Brigade at Marsa Brega. A short time later, though, the regiment was withdrawn back to Ikingi Maryut to re-organise.
"† signifies that the driver is known to be deceased" <br>
<doc id="37025056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37025056" title="Jagdstaffel 48">
Student activities.
<doc id="37026571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37026571" title="The Settlement (1999 film)">

Come Hell or High Water (The Flowers of Hell album)
Extending the outbound phase so that it begins and ends with 8 active bytes leads to a near-collision in 52 bytes on Whirlpool reduced to 7.5 rounds with a complexity of 2192. 
Larvae feed on grasses.

On 13 August, the sixth day of the military crackdown on Islamists, armed men shot dead tribal leader Khalaf Al-Menahy and his son, as they came back from a conference organized by tribal leaders to denounce militancy. In addition, a source close to Islamists in the Sinai said that hundreds of them had organized a secret meeting to discuss their response to the killing of five suspected terrorists by Egyptian soldiers earlier in the day, and agreed that the reaction will be harsh.
On the opening day of the second October meeting, Miss Jummy ran in the £897 Clearwell Stakes. Carrying the top weight of 125 pounds, she started at odds of 100/15 in a field consisting of six colts and two fillies. Miss Jummy took the lead in the final quarter mile and held off a late challenge from Martinet to win "cleverly" by three quarters of a length. Three days later she reappeared in the Great Challenge Stakes, a weight-for-age race over six furlongs. She carried 97 pounds and Watts was replaced by a lightweight jockey. The filly became agitated before the start, and after being among the early leaders, she dropped back to finish fifth of the seven runners behind Modwena.
Competed 1 September 2012 from 12:53. Qual. rule: first 3 in each heat (Q) plus the 2 fastest other times (q) qualified.

2012–13 Albanian Cup
Facilities.
Patrick Howley
Bai transferred to Shanghai Shenhua in February 2013.
Gianna.
<doc id="37040572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37040572" title="Schizodon borellii">
Tayo (political party)
The San Diego Padres wore their orange, gold and brown home throwbacks from the 1984 season against the Washington Nationals on May 17. On June 14, they wore their 1998 navy alternates against the Arizona Diamondbacks. On July 12, they wore throwbacks of the 1948 Padres of the Pacific Coast League against the Giants.
<doc id="37042768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37042768" title="107th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps">

The 1995 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football 1995 NCAA Division I-A football season. Coached by Gerry DiNardo in his first season at LSU, the Tigers played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

The 2013 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was the 4th edition of the tournament. The tournament was held from 26 September to 6 October 2013. 
Development & Management.
"Volume 10: Kierkegaard’s Influence on Theology"


The championship currently consists of several stages, beginning with quarter-finals and culminating in a final. 
Meydavud-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Meydāvūd-e Soflá and Meidavood Sofla; also known as Mai Dāūd Pāīn, Meydāvūd-e Pā’īn, and Meydāvūd Pā’īn) is a village in Meydavud Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,331, in 468 families. 
Because of the store's location along an industrial park, the arcade had no customers until Mullick, who needed a new door handle, went to George's shop. While there, he saw the arcade and talked to Caine about it. Mullick was particularly impressed with some of the basic business fundamentals that Caine implemented, such as offering a $2 "Fun Pass" that offered 500 plays of the games, compared to the four plays one would have gotten with just one dollar. Mullick proceed to buy a funpass and play the games, unaware that he was Caine's first customer, only learning this after speaking later with George, who had said that even one customer made Caine happy.
List of PS3 games which do not have trophy support
Mo Yan is devastated by Haoren's 'death' and added drugs to her drinks and roast duck so that she may once see Haoren in her hallucinations. Haoren used this to his advantage and tricked her into spilling the beans with the police hidden, but present. In the end, Mo Yan revealed everything to the police in her drugged up state. Upon realising that she had already been duped by Haoren, she committed suicide in front of Haoren and the police.
Steve Papermaster is a 1996 recipient of the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Awards and has served as a judge for the national and worldwide competition since 1997.


Further reading.
