Early life and education.
Defending champion Inbee Park won her second LPGA Championship, defeating runner-up Brittany Lincicome on the first hole of a sudden-death playoff for her fifth major title. Park was the first to win consecutive LPGA Championship titles in nine years, last accomplished by Annika Sörenstam, who won her third straight in 2005. Park's win the previous year at Locust Hill was also in a playoff.

<doc id="41345404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41345404" title="Norwegian National Cycle Routes">
School Logo
YachtWorld.com is a website for finding boats online advertised primarily by yacht brokers. A Norfolk, Virginia-based online advertising website providing boat listings, website development, and lead generation marketing solutions. In addition to Norfolk, YachtWorld has operations in Seattle, Washington, Fareham and Padova. The company has websites in 13 languages, and lists over 130,000 boats in approximately 160 countries. Its Inventory includes boats and yachts of varying sizes, from a dinghy to a superyacht and a commercial vessel.
Hasanabad-e Etemad (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e E‘temād; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 13 families. 
Onjong-Ni Airfield was also attacked, resulting in the destruction of 2 Yak 3's and the damaging of 10 other aircraft on the ground. On 18 July 1950 aircraft from Task Force 77 attacked the Pyongyang airfields again destroying 14 aircraft and damaging 13.

Torquay United (loan).
Vrai changement was founded by Mélanie Joly in September 2013 to contest the 2013 Montreal municipal elections. Joly was the party's 2013 mayoral candidate and remains its leader.
The temple has all the basic elements of a standard Hoysala temple and comprises a sanctum which is connected to a closed hall by a square vestibule ("sukhanasi"). The entrance into the hall from the outside is through a porch ("mukhamantapa"). Typically, a closed hall in a Hoysala temple has no windows. The porch consists of a awning supported by two decorative half pillars with two parapets on both sides. The shrine has a tower (called "sikhara"). The vestibule has its own tower (also called "sukhanasi") which appears like a low extension of the main tower over the shrine. Art critic Gerard Foekema calls it the "nose" of the main tower. From the outside, the walls of the vestibule are inconspicuous and appear like a short extension of the shrine wall. The ceiling of the closed hall is supported by four lathe turned pillars. These pillars divide the ceiling into nine highly decorated bays. Between full pilasters, the outer walls of the hall and shrine are decorated with turrets and miniature towers on half-pilasters (aedicula). Below these, forming the base of the temple, are the five horizontal moldings.
Personnel.
Contributor to:
One of the oaks in the manor garden is known as the Adomas Mickevičius Oak (natural monument; about 20 m high, 4.4 m wide). Philomath P. Malewski was a friend of Adomas Mickevičius and so the poet frequently visited Aukštadvaris. He loved to sit under the oak in the manor's park near Aukštadvaris Hillfort.
"Haunted" is a two-part song, consisting of "Ghost" and "Haunted" respectively running for a length of approximately six minutes. Its composition was described as ranging from contemporary R&B to "straight up experimentalism". "Mojo" Priya Elan compared the song's composition with works by English band The xx. The song features sexually explicit and frank lyrics in line with a prominent theme of the album about sexuality also present in other songs. Its instrumentation consists of "murky" keyboards and a "creeping", pulsating bassline. Beyoncé sings over mournful piano stabs which are repeated along with drums and airy vocals along with a pounding club rhythm.
