<doc id="2775325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2775325" title="PubMed Central">
Pigot entered the service of the East India Company in 1736, at the age of 17; after nineteen years he became governor and commander-in-chief of Madras in 1755. Having defended the city against the French in 1758-1759 and occupied Pondichéry on behalf of the company, he resigned his office in November 1763 and returned to the Kingdom of Great Britain, being made a baronet in 1764. In the following year he obtained the seat of Wallingford in the Parliament of Great Britain, and this he retained until 1768; in 1766 he was created an Irish peer as Baron Pigot, of Patshull in the County of Dublin. From 1768 until his death he sat in the British House of Commons for Bridgnorth.

MVM Entertainment
Brahma's day is divided in one thousand cycles "(Maha Yuga", or the Great Year). "Maha Yuga", during which life, including the human race appears and then disappears, has 71 divisions, each made of 14 "Manvantara" (1000) years. Each "Maha Yuga" lasts for 4,320,000 years. "Manvantara" is Manu's cycle, the one who gives birth and governs the human race.
Hill came from a family of distinguished academics – her father, A. V. Hill, had earned a Nobel prize in physiology. Her mother Margaret Keynes was a daughter of the economist John Neville Keynes, and sister of the economist John Maynard Keynes and the surgeon Geoffrey Keynes. Her own brothers were the physiologist David Keynes Hill and the oceanographer Maurice Hill, while her sister Janet married the immunologist John Herbert Humphrey.
Cancellation.
Microsoft Office 97 is notable as the first version of Office to feature the Office Assistant, a feature initially designed to assist users by the way of an interactive animated character, which interfaced with the Office help content. The default assistant was Clippit, nicknamed Clippy, a paperclip. The office assistant feature would continue to be available in Office versions up until and including Microsoft Office 2003. In Office XP the feature was hidden by default and not installed by default in Office 2003.
The show on BBC2 featured celebrities Julia Sawalha, Anton du Beke, Clive Anderson, Huey Morgan, Mishal Husain, Selina Scott, Kirsty Gallacher and Theo Paphitis pairing up with untrained rescue dogs for a Crufts-style competition. Every week, one duo was eliminated by a panel of three professional judges Kay Lawrence, Annie Clayton and Peter Purves and the viewers via telephone voting. The outgoing dog being put up for adoption to find a new home with a viewer, although Theo, Kirsty and Clive adopted the rescue dogs they were paired with.
Dream diary
Georg has two brothers; Kjartan Dagur Hólm (1989), a guitarist in For a Minor Reflection and Starri Hólm (1999).
"“All those companeros, however radical they may be in cafes, unions, and even affinity groups , seem to drop their costumes as lovers of female liberation at the doors of their homes. Inside, they behave with their companeras just like common “husband.”"
<doc id="2780978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2780978" title="Ivory Joe Hunter">
Aboriginal culture.
As a consequence, Petrom has a "de facto" monopoly on the oil production of Romania. Moreover, the state did not impose price controlling clauses in the privatization contract, so that Romanian-produced petroleum is sold in Romania at the same price as imported petroleum.
The divisions of the year were on the basis of religious rites and seasons ("Rtu"). The duration from mid March—Mid May was taken to be spring ("vasanta"), mid May—mid July: summer ("grishma"), mid July—mid September: rains ("varsha"), mid September—mid November: autumn, mid November—mid January: winter, mid January—mid March: "dew" ("śiśira").
Biography.
Pemulwuy, New South Wales

Plot.
Blackburn was born in Glasgow, Scotland in 1828, the son of Robert Blackburn, and came to Canada in 1842. He became a lumber merchant and partner in woollen mills. He was reeve of Gloucester Township, Ontario in 1864. He was also reeve of New Edinburgh, Ontario from 1868 to 1870 and from 1871 to 1873. In 1864, Blackburn married Mary Ann French. He was Liberal Member of Parliament for Russell from 1874 to 1878. Blackburn also served as a director of the Bank of Ottawa and the Ottawa Agricultural Insurance Company. Along with William Goodhue Perley and others, he helped establish the Ottawa City Passenger Railway Company, a horse-drawn tram service, in 1866. He died in Liverpool, England at the age of 64.
Arganil
The surname "Flamininus" is probably derived from "flamen", which also gave rise to the "gens Flaminia". It may have signified an ancestor who was a flamen, or perhaps the servant of a flamen. This family first appears in history during the Second Punic War, and it remained prominent over the next century.
Robert Lawson (October 4, 1892 – May 27, 1957) was an American author and illustrator of children's books.
When Ganthet duplicates the seven colored rings to deputize partners for each of the bearers, the violet ring chooses Wonder Woman as Carol's partner, deciding that no one else has more love for the planet Earth. Wonder Woman was under the control of a black ring (from being one of numerous resurrected superheroes), but she and the violet ring's power are enough to break the black ring's hold, turning Wonder Woman into a Star Sapphire.
He was born at Llanycil, Bala, Merionethshire, on 22 September 1837. 
The non-combatant participation of the SDF in the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia (UNTAC) in conjunction with Japanese diplomatic efforts contributed to the successful implementation of the 1991 Paris Peace Accords for Cambodia. In May 1993, the SDF deployed fifty-three peacekeepers to Mozambique to participate in the United Nations Operation in Mozambique.
<doc id="2785519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2785519" title="DSP Media">
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 24.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (22.6%), the SVP (20.3%) and the FDP (8.7%). 
He did not return from the East until 1538, when he was sent almost immediately to England, to replace Louis de Perreau, Sieur de Castillon at the court of Henry VIII where he remained until 1543. He is known to have sent dispatches back to France detailing events such as the king's first meeting with Anne of Cleves and the demise of Thomas Cromwell. He retained his influence during the reign of Henry II, fulfilling important missions in Switzerland and later at the imperial court (1547–1551), and at the courts of the German princes (1553–1554).
From his faculty position at Ohio State, and given the official title of “Local Representative”, McKenzie organized much of the formal and informal proceedings of the event, from logistics to program development. 
The Park is accessible via a one-way long loop road. The main feature is Schoodic Head, the highest point on the peninsula at above sea level. A number of hiking trails ascend the Head. Other features include the picnic area at Frazer Point, views of Schoodic Point, Blueberry Hill, and the Anvil. The lighthouse viewable to the northwest of Schoodic Head, Mark Island's Winter Harbor Light Station, was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
King has reached two World Championship finals and four semi-finals since making his debut in the BDO version in 1997. He went as far as the semi-final in his debut year, losing to eventual champion Les Wallace. During his run he hit thirty 180s, setting a new record for the tournament at the time. Since switching to the PDC, his best performance came in the 2009 World Championship when he reached the semi-final, losing 2–6 to Phil Taylor.
Most Holiday Mansions were named for their length. There were other designating monikers that concerned hull and superstructure additions. The following is a brief (and probably not all-inclusive) list of the designations:
He was known as Fournier le Jeune (the younger); his father Jean Claude was also in the type-setting industry. In his early life, Fournier studied watercolour with J. B. G. Colson, and later wood engraving. In 1737, Fournier published his first theoretical work, on the minimum spacing between letters while still retaining readability.
Sponsored by the Philip Merrill College of Journalism, the Media, Self and Society program focuses on the media and the news, and its effect on society. The program was started in 1999 and Dr. Kalyani Chadha, who received her Ph. D in Mass Communication from the University of Maryland in 1999, is the current director. The UNWIND! Magazine, published and distributed three times a semester across campus, is run by the students of Media, Self, and Society.
• Keith, W J. "Apocalyptic Imaginations: Notes on Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale and Findley's Not Wanted on the Voyage." Essays on Canadian Writing 35 (1987 Winter): 123-134. 
Trimborn Farm is a Victorian era estate located in Greendale, Wisconsin and owned by Milwaukee County. Spanning 7.5 acres (18.5 hectares) and nine buildings, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The farm is also a State Historic Site and designated Milwaukee County Landmark.
Unified Control.
Sprint has replaced Readylink with Qualcomm's QChat. This technology will run over the Sprint high-speed EV-DO data network, giving it the closest comparable speeds to Motorola's iDEN Direct-Connect in the push-to-talk industry.
Richard T. Heffron (October 6, 1930 – August 27, 2007) was a film and television director.
Evaluation (study of the patient with technical methods) shows the enlargement of the porus acousticus internus in the CT scan, enhancing tumours in the region of the cerebello-pontine angle in gadolinium-enhanced MRI scans, hearing loss in audiometric studies and perhaps pathological findings in Electronystagmography. Some times there are elevated levels of protein in liquor study.
<doc id="2792424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2792424" title="Chuderhüsi Tower">


<doc id="2793312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2793312" title="Fay Templeton">

Human use.
Later years.

Brickyard Creek Learning Walks, Citizen Based monitoring, Tree Campus USA, Ecological Restoration
The Kilkenny County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (Kilkenny GAA) () is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland and is responsible for Gaelic Games in County Kilkenny. The county board has its head office and main grounds at Nowlan Park and is also responsible for Kilkenny inter-county teams in all codes at all levels. The Kilkenny branch of the Gaelic Athletic Association was founded in 1887.
This is most apparent in his treatment of the peak and downfall of Athens, when after the victory over Persia, Athens formed the Delian League, and got embroiled in the Peloponnesian War. Heller describes a beacon of democracy that destroys its own greatest advances or transforms them into tools of abuse, turns on its own allies just to demonstrate its power, and loses to weaker enemies due to self-deception.
Rho is first mentioned in a written document from January 9, 846 AD, a certificate of permutation by the notary Agatone, referred to the village as simply a bunch of houses under the name of "Vicus Raudus".
Boston Red Sox.
Enclosure (electrical)
Claimed as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory, geographic features of Enderby Land include Amundsen Bay, Casey Bay, Cape Monakov, the Scott Mountains, the Tula Mountains, and the Napier Mountains. The highest peak is Mount McMaster at .
Chastity vs. lust.
The process of recording "Illumination Ritual" has completed and it came out on April 23, 2013. The band will tour extensively throughout the year in support of their newest album.
Bobita was born as Farida Akhter. She was born to an educated family that had its origins in the west-Bangladeshi district of Jessore, Bangladesh. Her family nickname was Poppy. She has two sisters and three brothers.
Appointment titles.
Ferrocyanide and its oxidized product ferricyanide, [Fe(CN)6]3−, are impermeable to the plasma membrane. For this reason ferrocyanide has been used as a probe of extracellular electron receptor in the study of redox reactions in cells. Ferricyanide is used thus any increase in ferrocyanide can be attributed to secretions of reductants or "Trans Plasma Membrane Electron Transport" (TPMET) activity. 
He has performed clarinet concertos with many major orchestras around the world.
