In 899, Atenulf I defeated Radelchis II and conquered Benevento. He declared Capua and Benevento inseparable and introduced the principle of co-rule, whereby sons would be associated with their fathers and brothers with each other, a principle soon borrowed by Salerno. Atenulf associated his son, Landulf, as co-prince and built up alliances with the local Greek states, like Naples and Gaeta, which alliances were continued under his successor. He also began planning the eventual reconquest of Moslem-occupied territory in the region, but died before his plans, which culminated in the victorious Battle of the Garigliano in 915, could come to fruition. Landulf mostly continued the policies of his father and spent most of his career after Garigliano trying to weaken the Byzantine authority in Apulia and the Campania. In this, he was only moderately successful. His son, Landulf II, allied against the Lombard principality of Salerno, but failed to oust Gisulf I. Like his father, he attacked Byzantine possessions, but was defeated and forced to submit to nominal Byzantine suzerainty. 
The North Leicestershire League is a football competition based in Leicestershire, England. This league was established in 1931 and was formerly known as the Loughborough and District Amateur Football Alliance. It has a total of four divisions, the highest of which, the Premier Division, is a feeder to the Leicestershire Senior League. Each division has a different sponsor.
Family.

Pat Jarvis has been a Drug Free Ambassador for 10 years, and is a very keen supporter of the "Say No To Drugs" program, which is an initiative of the Church of Scientology.
After the fall of the Whitlam government, which was precipitated by the Loans Affair, Stewart moved to the backbench. When Lang was abolished prior to the 1977 election, he transferred to Grayndler. 
V. Ramarathnam (, , )(1917–2008) was a Carnatic musician, author, teacher and composer. Ramarthnam, the vocalist disciple of Sangeetha Rathna Mysore T. Chowdiah. He was the first Principal of the University College of Music and Dance, University of Mysore since its inception in 1965, a position which he held till his retirement in 1987. He was awarded many honorary titles such as "Sangeetha Kala Sagaram" (ocean of music).

Juan Álvarez Mendizábal, born Juan Álvarez Méndez (Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, 25 February 1790 – Madrid, 3 November 1853), was a Spanish economist and politician.
On Friday, September 28, 1984, Richland was the site of a school shooting. No students or faculty were killed, though the shooter, Barry Wayne Shaw, a 1981 alumnus of Richland, was charged and convicted in the fatal shooting of a Dallas karate instructor, Jimmy Glen Wilson, on Monday of that week.
Fins from the critically endangered sawfish (Pristidae) "are highly favored in Asian markets and are some of the most valuable shark fins". Sawfishes are now protected under the highest protection level of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES), Appendix I.
<doc id="6111203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6111203" title="Official Scrabble Players Dictionary">

In the early 1950s, Eytle married Avis D'Ornellas, who was also a native from Guyana. They lived in Kenley, Surrey. Eytle died aged 79 on 19 June 2007, in Reading, Berkshire.

Katzensee is a lake on the border with the Affoltern quarter of the city of Zürich.
There were several songs that did not make the final cut, including an uplifting "indie country" track that was among the last to be developed. The album artwork and photography were created by Estavan Oriol. The artwork of the jewel case pictures the words "When Your Heart Stops Beating" in black with the letters "ART" of "heart" standing out in blue.
In the following years Madrid's importance in Braga gradually diminished, and he was released by the club in 31 August 2011. On 27 September, he signed a one-year contract with fellow league side C.D. Nacional. 
Pivotal response therapy
Denis L. Rousseau (signing papers as D. L. Rousseau) is an American scientist. He is currently Professor and University Chairman of the department of Physiology and Biophysics at Albert Einstein College of Medicine. 
He has recently played for clubs such as União Bandeirante-PR, Vasco, and Atlético-PR. Fábio was called up to most of Brazil's friendly's in the months of August and September, 2006. Being called up by Brazilian head coach Dunga for a friendly against Norway in Oslo on 16 August 2006, though never had playing time, the game ended 1–1. He was also called up to play against Argentina and Wales on 3 and 5 September 2006, respectively, but again, he did not play in these match, as Gomes remained Brazil number 1 under Dunga at that time.
The boilers are similar to conventional Lancashire boilers, but the Galloway Company, who supplied them, modified the internal design by installing 32 cross tubes, to improve their efficiency. Each is long, in diameter, and is encased in a brick lining to conserve heat. Each has two fire boxes, , and holds of water. Two of the boilers are in original condition, while the remainder had their hearths replaced in the 1920. They supplied steam at to cylinders which are in diameter and have a stroke of . Each engine has a flywheel which is in diameter, and weights 24 tons. The beams weigh 13 tons and are long. They drove a main pump, which raised water from the wells, which are deep, and had a supplementary pump, which pumped the water up to the reservoir. Each pump could raise of water per day. 
-Sticks (2)Vic Firth Extreme 5B
One of John Glenn's many tasks, as the first American to orbit Earth in 1962, was to experiment with eating in weightless conditions. Some experts had been concerned that weightlessness would impair swallowing. Glenn experienced no difficulties and it was determined that microgravity did not affect the natural swallowing process, which is enabled by the peristalsis of the esophagus.
There also exist companies which will take custom photographs of people, convert them to a heightmap, then render that as a bubblegram memento.
<doc id="6117798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6117798" title="Yanesha Communal Reservation">
