
Ty King-Wall is a New Zealand ballet dancer, a Principal dancer with The Australian Ballet.


He transferred from Salcano-Manisaspor to Brisaspor.
Taking a long and perilous journey, Elie Bufnea and some other officers of the original Darnytsia Corps joined up with "Horia" in mid autumn, at a moment when the Romanian soldiers were celebrating the breakup of Austria-Hungary. The union between "Horia" and various new arrivals from the western Siberian camps became a second Volunteer Corps, grouping as many as 5,000 volunteers. Through the alliance it formed with the anti-Bolshevik Czechoslovak Legions, it was a Romanian national contribution to the international coalition, but reluctantly so. Once relocated to Irkutsk and Omsk in late 1918, the volunteers expressed their lack of interest in fighting against the Bolsheviks: after rebelling against Colonel Kadlec, their Czech technical adviser, the Corps was placed under Maurice Janin of the French Mission. 
References.
On June 8, 1952 the Coptic Museum received the codex. Currently the manuscript is housed at the Department of manuscripts of the Coptic Museum (Inv. 10544) in Cairo.
Since he returned to Italy, he was picked by Italy Lega Pro under-20 representative team, a feeder team of the Italian national youth team, for a training camp and practice match. He also played for U-16 and U-17 team (as unused bench) before left for Scotland. He wore no.1 shirt in 2008 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship elite qualification, but as the backup of Filippo Perucchini, because Simone Colombi left the squad in the final minutes.
Lamm was inducted into the U.S. National Soccer Federation Hall of Fame in 1979. He was inducted into the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football Hall of Fame in 1994, and the United States Adult Soccer Association Hall of Fame in 1999.
In the interval between 2010 Winter Cup and 2011 Formula Renault UK series he contested in Toyota Racing Series with Giles Motorsport, finishing ninth with a win in the first round of the series at Teretonga Park.
