FISA was the first international sports federation to join the Olympic movement. It has been on the Olympic program since the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens. (The rowing events at the 1896 games were cancelled because of high winds). Each country that participates in rowing has a federation or governing body which belongs to the "FISA Congress". These federations (of which there are currently 142) have overall control of what FISA does.
Paul Reynaud
In 1940 the merged with the Kansai Express Railway Co., a predecessor of Kintetsu.
Blainville was born at Arques, near Dieppe. As a young man he went to Paris to study art, but ultimately devoted himself to natural history. He attracted the attention of Georges Cuvier, for whom he occasionally substituted as lecturer at the Collège de France and at the Athenaeum. In 1812 he was aided by Cuvier in acquiring a position as an assistant professor of anatomy and zoology in the Faculty of Sciences at Paris. Eventually, relations between the two men soured, a situation that ended in open enmity.
Yellowstone images.
After his American chart success declined in the early 1970s, Hamilton began touring the world, across the Soviet Union, Poland, Australia, the Middle East and East Asia. These widely acclaimed international performances earned Hamilton the nickname The International Ambassador of Country Music. He also hosted several successful television programs in the UK and Canada during the 1970s, and in the 1990s he played himself in the West End musical "Patsy", based on the life of Patsy Cline.
The international styles of amateur wrestling use a three-official system in which a referee conducts the action in the center of the mat while a judge and a mat chairman remain seated and evaluate the action from their stationary vantage points.
Timothy Zachery Mosley (born March 10, 1972), better known by his stage name Timbaland, is an American rapper, record producer, and songwriter. Timbaland's first full credit production work was in 1996 on "Ginuwine...the Bachelor" for R&B singer Ginuwine. After further work on Aaliyah's 1996 album "One in a Million" and Missy Elliott's 1997 album "Supa Dupa Fly", Timbaland became a prominent producer for R&B and hip-hop artists. As a rapper he initially released several albums with fellow rapper Magoo, but later released his debut solo album "" in 1998.
In 1984 Fischer won the federal seat of Farrer for the National Party of Australia (NPA), as the Country Party had been renamed. Within a year he was on the opposition frontbench, and soon became a popular figure in both the NPA and the Parliament: his sometimes rustic manner and bumbling English concealing a shrewd political brain. In 1990, when an attempt by Charles Blunt to modernise the NPA's image ended with his losing his seat, Fischer was elected NPA leader, defeating the former leader Ian Sinclair.

The bohemian subculture that subsequently flourished there took root, and to a great extent, has remained to this day.
