Lacrosse.
The original run was syndicated to local stations by Four Star Television during the 1985-1986 television season; it was later seen in reruns on Nick at Nite from 1987 to 1989. The theme was performed by Mary Newland.
On 13 September 2007, "Munhwa Ilbo" printed nude photos of Dongguk University professor Shin Jeong-ah, claiming that they were evidence of Shin's inappropriate relationship with university president Byeon Yang-kyoon. However, the KPEC rejected "Munhwa Ilbo"'s explanation, and ordered the daily to apologise, stating that they had damaged the dignity of all print media. Shin's lawyer stated that she planned to sue the newspaper for libel. They published the apology on the front page of their 18 October 2007 edition; however, the apology itself attracted criticism from the Korea Sexual Violence Relief Center, and the KPEC indicated that they would review the matter again to decide whether the newspaper's statement actually constituted a proper apology. In the end, Shin filed suit over the photos and the newspaper's coverage of her, receiving W150 million (US$113,000) in compensation in December 2008.
In 1993, Shorenstein helped an investor group purchase the San Francisco Giants baseball team thus preventing the franchise from moving to Florida.

Jax sees the officers rush out of the police station and jump in their vehicles. Opie stays in the vehicle to keep watch, and Jax and Unser go into the police cells. Jax tells Luann that the ATF are using her to get to Otto and she informs him that they're letting her visit him tomorrow. Jax then tells her to get a message to Otto because the ATF is trying to use the RICO Act against the club. Cherry tells Jax to break her out as she faces prison in Nevada. Initially, he refuses but she then threatens to inform on the club if he doesn't. He eventually frees her, much to Unser's annoyance. Jax then approaches Unser's office to look for information, and sees Stahl inside moaning and sobbing. It turns out that she and Hale are having sex. Jax can't help but chuckle as he sneaks away.
Qidong Street is located in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei, Taiwan. During the Qing Dynasty, Qidong Street was a major lane for transporting rice from the Taipei basin to harbours along the river. Prior to the construction of the Taipei City Walls, one could travel from Mengjia (today's Wanhua District) past the East Gate area and along Qidong Street which joined Bade Road, leading to Songshan, Nangang, and eventually Keelung. 
Noy, or Loo, is a nearly extinct language of Chad. In 1993 it had a population of 36 speakers, who lived in the Moyen-Chari and Mandoul regions, between Sarh, Djoli, Bédaya, Koumra, and Koumogo villages (Ethnologue).
<doc id="27859348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27859348" title="Flower of Evil (album)">
George Norton Wilcox (1839–1933) was a businessman and politician in the Kingdom of Hawaii and Territory of Hawaii.
McClerkin received his Bachelor of Science degree from Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia. He is the 1953 class agent for his "alma mater." In 1959, he received his L.L.B. degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law at Fayetteville. He is a member of Delta Theta Phi and the American and Arkansas bar associations. 


In 1894, Boyle was elected to the Manchester City Council for New Cross Ward (adjoining St Michael’s, in present-day Ancoats), the largest ward in the city, and with a large population of Irish origin. Soon after his election, he lobbied and led delegations against a proposal to build huge barrack-like lodging-houses. Instead, he persuaded the Council to build cottage dwellings. He was re-elected in 1897, with one of the largest number of votes ever recorded in a Manchester Council election. Boyle was involved in the long-term re-organisation of the Manchester City Police after the revelations of an official enqury revealed widespread corruption. He also interested himself in the affairs of the Manchester Ship Canal (Manchester City Council had come to the rescue of the project when it ran out of money, and still possessed a substantial shareholding in the Canal Company). In May 1897 the local monthly magazine 'Manchester Faces and Places' published a profile.
References.
Uthland-Frisian house.
