In six-dimensional geometry, a stericated 6-orthoplex is a convex uniform 6-polytope, constructed as a sterication (4th order truncation) of the regular 6-orthoplex.

<doc id="31848373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31848373" title="Martin Aku">


The Supreme Court Database is an NSF-funded collaboration among six universities. The project’s inception occurred decades ago as Professor Harold J. Spaeth (Michigan State University) attempted to document and code every vote put forth by a U.S. Supreme Court justice in all argued cases over a five-decade span. Professor Spaeth's work has become an indispensable body of information for those who study supreme court politics. In 2007 Professor Lee Epstein (Northwestern University) was awarded NSF funding to modernize and extend Spaeth's Database. Professor Martin and CERL’s participation involves overseeing the expansion, including developing a comprehensive dataset as well as facilitating a backdating project which is currently classifying data from the founding of the court in 1790 through the current term.
Post-Series Notes.
<doc id="31852702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31852702" title="Particle velocity probe">
Once the traitors are destroyed, a thankful elder gives O’Neil some herbs to help Jackson, who was injured while leaving Ra’s hidden spaceship. Once found and healed, Jackson informs O’Neil that Sha’uri has been captured by Anubis. This leads to a second one-on-one fight between O’Neil and Anubis. After Anubis is defeated for good, O’Neil raids the armory of Ra’s spaceship and creates a plan. Jackson will cripple the guidance system of Ra’s glider force inside Ra’s spaceship while O’Neil will arm the rebellion with weapons stolen from the spaceship. Realizing that the rebellion is still outnumbered, O’Neil takes to the air to destroy several of Ra’s gliders. After landing, O’Neil searches for a village elder who can show him a secret route into Ra’s pyramid. Once inside, O’Neil joins Jackson in crippling the guidance systems of Ra’s gliders and disabling the glider bay doors to prevent any gliders from landing or taking off. Now the Nagadan forces are ready to assault Ra’s spaceship. Just before the rebellion’s assault begins, Jackson and Sha’uri are taken prisoner on board the spaceship. O’Neil goes to face Ra, one-on-one.
Lieutenant General Hugh Mackay Gordon (1760 – 12 March 1823) was a British Army officer who became Lieutenant Governor of Jersey.
In November 2011 they get the prize for best production for the song (Ti ne si)
<doc id="31856699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31856699" title="List of senators in the 34th Parliament of Canada">
"Theology" is abstracted and indexed in ProQuest and Religious & Theological Abstracts.
Transport.
The nave (which is 22 m tall) and the aisles are covered by ogival barrel vaults, with, internally, the use of different height levels which was typical of Romanesque architecture. It has pre-Gothic pillars, a blind tribune and a clerestory with small windows. The capitals of the columns are generally decorated with vegetable motifs, although some feature depictions of animals or other figures. The choir houses a 14th-century fresco, rediscovered in 1935.
Alternative studies.
The company specializes in urban properties and condominiums and is claimed to be one of the first nationwide firms to refund commissions back to the consumer.
Family history.
An outfielder who threw and batted right-handed, Johnston signed with the Pirates in 1959 and spent five full seasons in Pittsburgh's minor league system before making the Bucs' varsity out of spring training in . MLB teams were then allowed to carry three extra players on their roster for the first 30 days of the season, and Johnston appeared in 14 games as a leftfielder, centerfielder, pinch hitter and pinch runner between April 15 and May 11. He logged ten plate appearances and drew three bases on balls, but went hitless in seven at bats. In his only Major League start, as a centerfielder on May 2 against the St. Louis Cardinals at Busch Stadium, Johnston came to the plate five times against southpaws Curt Simmons and Bobby Shantz; he walked once, reached on an error, and grounded out three times. His baseball career continued at the Triple-A level through 1966, and he batted .266 with 59 home runs in 938 minor league games.

Promotion.
