According to the hagiographies Barbara, the daughter of a rich pagan named Dioscorus, was carefully guarded by her father who kept her locked up in a tower in order to preserve her from the outside world. Having secretly become a Christian, she rejected an offer of marriage that she received through him.
Factors implicated in the development of transsexuality include chromosomal abnormalities, polymorphisms of certain genes, and variations in aromatase (cytochrome P450 CYP19) and CYP17. Girls with Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia show an increase in probability of transsexuality later in life; however, this risk is still only 1-3% in CAH. Although historically abnormal sexual differentiation has pointed to androgens as a causal factor, there are codeterminants of gender identity and sexual orientation with overriding effects of androgens on the brain, in male transsexuals or homosexuals, or making androgen effects on the brain redundant, as in female transsexuals or homosexuals. These factors are currently unknown, and thus no clear cut answer for the cause of transsexualism and homosexuality exists.
Arnaud Di Pasquale (born 11 February 1979 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a former professional male tennis player from France. 
Rdeči Kal, Trebnje
For small samples the chi-squared approximation is overly sensitive, often rejecting the null hypothesis when it is in fact true. Furthermore, the distribution of p-values departs from a uniform distribution and becomes a right-skewed uni-modal distribution, especially for small p-values. This leads to a large Type I error rate. The table below shows some p-values approximated by a chi-squared distribution that differ from their true alpha levels for small samples.

Die heutigen Zweigvereine außerhalb Sachsens (7).
Background and context.
Personal Background.
Company Information.
The aircraft involved in the accident was a Let L-410UVP-E20 Turbolet, registration HR-AUQ, serial number 912603. It first flew in 1991, and served with a number of airlines before the accident.
Administration.
Candidates in the election included five independents who were standing in protest at a decision by the council to close a swimming pool in Tipton and a nearby leisure centre. The Tipton area also saw 2 candidates from the British National Party standing in the wards of Princes End and Tipton Green.
<doc id="30871194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30871194" title="Iltis">
A number of Chinese envoys were then sent to Central Asia, triggering the development of the Silk Road from the end of the 2nd century BC.
Yanqui U.X.O.
2003 - Division III, Nordvästra Götaland

Birkhoff obtained his A.B. and A.M. from Harvard. He completed his Ph.D. in 1907, on differential equations, at the University of Chicago. While E. H. Moore was his supervisor, he was most influenced by the writings of Henri Poincaré. After teaching at the University of Wisconsin and Princeton University, he taught at Harvard University from 1912 until his death.
Günthör may refer to:
Some Bizzare artists.
<doc id="30872329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30872329" title="Santiago (commune)">
Major festivals are Ganapati Utsav, Dahikala, Holi or Shimga, Navratra, Diwali, Navaratri Utsav, and Shivaratri; Ganapati Utsav is biggest of all of them. People visit their native village during Ganapati festival and is celebrated with gusto. Other major festival is Holi and is known better as Shimga locally.
The Ballcourt Mound, which is also a platform mound, is so called because "two shallow depressions on its flattened top reminded some archaeologists of playing areas in front of outdoor basketball goals, not because they had any revelation about Poverty Point's sports scene."

Florida Championship Wrestling (2007-2008).
Aftermath.
The storms on Jupiter are similar to thunderstorms on Earth. They reveal themselves via bright clumpy clouds about 1000 km in size, which appear from time to time in the belts' cyclonic regions, especially within the strong westward (retrograde) jets. In contrast to vortices, storms are short-lived phenomena; the strongest of them may exist for several months, while the average lifetime is only 3–4 days. They are believed to be due mainly to moist convection within Jupiter's troposphere. Storms are actually tall convective columns (plumes), which bring the wet air from the depths to the upper part of the troposphere, where it condenses in clouds. A typical vertical extent of Jovian storms is about 100 km; as they extend from a pressure level of about 5–7 bar, where the base of a hypothetical water cloud layer is located, to as high as 0.2–0.5 bar.
