<doc id="11490162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11490162" title="Palestine Police Force">

The New York City Transit Authority purchased 36 of these units along with a DMSS for each, and had nothing but problems. After a multitude of firmware updates, visits by their field engineers, and failures in the field, they wished they had gone with another vendor such as Nice or Teleste. It is not surprising that the company is now closed.(Robert Marshall, CTA, NYCTA) 
Children and adults in wheelchairs or seating devices that are rigid and/or semi-reclined can require significant physical effort to change their body posture on their own. Additionally, positioning accessories may be restrictive in an effort to counteract low tone, to restrain involuntary spastic movement, or to optimize body symmetry. Unfortunately, such positioning effectively prevents development of active postural movement control. Since the spinal motion of these individuals is constrained between their secured pelvis and the backrest of the wheelchair or chair, their potential to acquire an improved ability for active postural repositioning is negligible. Their movement can be limited to that of the upper extremities only. Thus, for wheelchair users, this static body posture may not only lead to physical strain, discomfort, and health issues, but can also interfere with performance of functional movement tasks. 
The Type E biplane was designed in parallel with the slightly earlier Avro Duigan, differing principally in being slightly larger and having a more powerful () water-cooled E.N.V. engine. Both were two-bay tractor biplanes with unstaggered parallel-chord wings with rounded tips, a deep rectangular section fuselage bearing rectangular steel-framed stabilisers, elevators and rudder with no fixed fin, and an undercarriage with a pair of wheels on a transverse leaf-spring and a long central skid projecting forward of the propeller. This aircraft layout dominated aircraft design for twenty years: the Avro 500 and the contemporary B.E.1 are among the first truly practical examples built.
In 1993, "Playboy" magazine offered McCarthy $20,000 ($ in currency) to pose for its October issue. McCarthy became the Playmate of the Month for October 1993. "Playboy" publisher Hugh Hefner cites McCarthy's "wholesome Catholic girl" persona as the unique quality for which she was selected out of 10,000 applicants. Her layout emphasized her Catholic upbringing with a schoolgirl theme. According to McCarthy, the pictorial caused an uproar in her Catholic neighborhood, and resulted in her house being pelted with eggs, her sisters being taunted at school, and McCarthy, who counted Catholic nuns among her aunts, being lectured about her future damnation by those close to her. McCarthy was later made the Playmate of the Year, and was paid a $100,000 salary. In 1994, because of her newfound public attention, McCarthy moved to Los Angeles and, for a time, hosted "Hot Rocks", a Playboy TV show featuring uncensored music videos.
Willy Schäfer (April 30, 1913 – October 16, 1980) was a Swiss field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
We Didn't Know
<doc id="11496437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11496437" title="USS LST-545">
The original edition was released in February 1995 ISBN 0-671-87642-2.
Xzavier Chamorro Cardenal (31 December 1932 Granada, Nicaragua – 4 January 2008), a Nicaraguan, was editor of "El Nuevo Diario", a Nicaraguan newspaper. He was born in Managua.
God, in this fictitious series, is the Supreme Being, the Almighty Creator of Heaven and Earth, the Omnipotent, Omniscient, Omnipresent, the All-Perfect and All-Loving Father and Ruler of all Creation. Despite appearing only very rarely, He is the linchpin of the entire "Warrior Nun Areala" universe with His earthly representatives and servants protecting His children from the depredations of evil.

New schools and international work.
<doc id="11501688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11501688" title="Queens' School, Bushey">
Greatest Heavyweights
Floreat Beach

In 1881 he married his second wife, Elizabeth Huntington, in Cincinnati, Ohio. Corrine was then suddenly removed from her home in Massachusetts to live with her father and stepmother in the western frontier. The reunion was less than amicable and she returned to the east coast in 1888, settling in New Jersey with her husband Joseph H. Scharff, who was a grandnephew of secretary of State William H. Seward.
Deuerling

Newspaper reports at the time triggered a mood of national outrage and the resulting inquiry recommended that public venues be fitted with a minimum number of outward opening emergency exits, which led to the invention of 'push bar' emergency doors. This law still remains in full force as of 2013. No one was prosecuted for the disaster, and the person responsible for bolting the door was never identified. The Victoria Hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a German parachute bomb.
The history of Our Lady of Mount Carmel High School is a brilliant tribute to its leaders, who had nurtured its growth and had cared for its development in all fields. Year after year its youth had gone through its portals better prepared to live in and serve its community. “Since the tree is known by its fruit,” Our Lady of Mt. Carmel High School has a fine record to present. With its thousands of alumni, many have gone into various professional fields.
2006- SeniorNet celebrates its 20th Anniversary. It has a new focus on under-served older adults. It will work over the next several years to bring computer access and education to older adults in under-served communities. SeniorNet is also opening Learning Centers on five Native American Reservations through an IBM grant, and three scholarship-based Learning Centers through a grant from the HRC Foundation. 

He was drafted by the Browns in the 8th round (95th overall) in 1953 and participated in the 1955 Pro Bowl. He wore the number 82 with the Browns and the number 81 with the Packers. Massey played a total of 49 games in his 5 NFL seasons. He had one interception in his career that was returned 24 yards.


Old Broadway Synagogue
Bauer supported himself as an artist by creating illustrations and caricatures for some of the major magazines and newspapers of the day. In 1912, as Bauer continued to do figurative and commercial work, he began working in an abstract mode. That same year he met Herwarth Walden, who had just founded "Der Sturm". "Der Sturm" would become the most important artistic center in Berlin at this period. In 1915 Bauer was invited to participate in a group show at "Der Sturm". He would continue to actively participate in the "Der Sturm" gallery scene through the mid-1920s. He had his first solo show there in 1917, with 120 "Lyrical Abstract" works, with solo shows in 1919 and 1920. Among the artists who were in the "Der Sturm" group were Wassily Kandinsky, Marc Chagall, Paul Klee, and Franz Marc. Like Paul Klee, Bauer became a teacher in the Sturm School.

Consolidated Edison in New York City has had frequent incidents of stray voltage, including the electrocution death of Jodie S. Lane in 2004, while walking her dog in Manhattan. In 2009, the Jodie S. Lane Public Safety Foundation announced a publicly accessible website with maps showing thousands of reported stray voltage locations in New York City. In addition, the Foundation sponsors the "Jodie S. Lane Stray Voltage Detection, Mitigation & Prevention Conference", an annual meeting attended by power utilities and regulators from around the country to discuss stray voltage detection programs. The Foundation also initiated and advocates regular mobile scanning by utility companies for stray voltage hazards.
Analysis.
Applications of SCM.
Landmark buildings.

