The distance between these lines was too great for effective marksmanship, but when a shot struck Lt. Benson in the hip the soldiers discovered that the Indians in the meadow were serving as a decoy, while others had been creeping forward on both flanks to enfilade the troops. Hence, Sanford ordered a bugler to call a retreat. The retreat of the cavalrymen whose horses had been taken to the rear was an occasion of excitement and confusion. Captain Randolph Norwood with 50 men, however, declined to obey immediately the order to retreat, but instead backtracked slowly to a strong position where he was forced by the encircling Nez Perce to halt, establish defensive positions, and fight it out. The other two companies had abandoned him. For the next two to four hours the two sides sniped at each other. 
The cover of the 1969 revised version, still in print, depicts Nancy carrying the accessories from her costume, underneath a large image of a head wearing the black velvet domino. This edition contains five plain pen and ink illustrations as well.
The river is used by the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board to provide 135 million litres of drinking water per day to the city of Bangalore, or about 20% of all the city's water. As it is filtered in the nearby mountain aquifer, the water is fresh and crystal clear. The water is taken from two reservoirs built on the river, the Hesaraghatta (or Hesseraggatta), which was built in 1894, and the Tippagondanahalli Reservoir (or T G Halli), which was built in 1933.
Switzerland failed to qualify for UEFA Euro 2012, finishing third behind England and Montenegro in their qualifying group.
The Orbital Space Plane (OSP) program was a NASA concept in the early 2000s designed to support the International Space Station requirements for crew rescue, crew transport and contingency cargo such as supplies, food and other needed equipment.

Cauchy condensation test. If formula_20 is a positive monotone decreasing sequence, then
Lyrics from the song bear some resemblance to "I Walk Alone" by Pinhead Gunpowder, a band in which Billie Joe Armstrong also sings. It appeared on their 1997 album, "Goodbye Ellston Avenue".
In 1977, Marketime was renamed Fred Meyer. In the mid-1980s, the Northwest Montana B&B stores also took on the Fred Meyer name.
Mahasarakham University has two green campuses, the "Downtown Campus" and the "Khamriang Campus", to accommodate and provide an eco-friendly environment to its continuing expansion of academic facilities and programs, and the growing population on campus.
