Sebald studied German literature at the University of Fribourg, where he received a degree in 1965. He was a Lector at the University of Manchester from 1966 to 1969. He returned to St. Gallen in Switzerland for a year hoping to work as a teacher but could not settle. Sebald married his Austrian-born wife, Ute, in 1967. In 1970 he became a lecturer at the University of East Anglia (UEA). In 1987, he was appointed to a chair of European literature at UEA. In 1989 he became the founding director of the British Centre for Literary Translation. He lived at Wymondham and Poringland while at UEA.
Michelle McKeon-Bennett (born 1974) current (Space Life Science researcher). Daughter of Michael and Margaret McKeon, was chosen in 2002 to travel to NASA, Florida as a potential astronaut candidate, after she approached NASA researchers regarding her research on bog plants. It was not until September 2003 that she began research into the use of Sphagnum Moss from Clara Bog for space applications. She developed a system that allowed water to be filtered and plants to grow in the enclosed environment of a space orbiter (shuttle) and planetary colony. She returned to Ireland (and Limerick Institute of Technology) in September 2004 and continued her research link with NASA, Kennedy Space Centre Florida under a student transfer programme from LIT with Dynamac Corporation, the space life science company contracted to NASA to carry out space life science research. She established the Controlled Environment Laboratory for Life Sciences (CELLS) in LIT in 2008, and successfully obtained funding to purchase state-of-the-art growth chambers to the exact specifications as those in Kennedy Space Centre, Florida. They are the only ones in of this specification in Europe. She currently has 6 postgraduate students based in LIT with placements in Kennedy Space Centre researching the use of Irish plants in space research with terrestrial applications such as health foods and natural pharmaceutical products. In 2005 she was made Head of Department of Applied Science, LIT and is currently developing a new space science programme for undergraduate students, the first in Ireland. In 2009, she made it to the third last round of astronaut selection in Europe.
