Greek genocide.
The seat was initially won by the Irish Nationalist Party in 1950 and 1951 then by Sinn Féin in 1955. However the Sinn Féin Member of Parliament (MP) was unseated on petition on the basis that his Irish Republican Army (IRA) convictions made him ineligible, and in subsequent by-elections the seat was won by the Ulster Unionists.
Ferencváros participated in a South American tour in Brazil, Uruguay, and Argentina playing in four different cities: São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Montevideo and Buenos Aires. On 30 June 1929, Ferencváros beat São Paulo 2-1 in São Paulo, Brazil. On 4 July 1929, Ferencváros drew with Fluminense FC (1-1) and the Rio de Janeiro 3-3 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. On 11 July 1929, Ferencváros lost to Brazil in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. On 14 July 1929, Ferencváros lost to Palestra Itália Futebol Clube 5-2 and on 21 July 1929 Ferencváros beat Uruguay in Montevideo, Uruguay. On 25 July 1929, Ferencváros beat 4-1 Montevideo in Montevideo, and lost to Uruguay 3-0. The next series of matches were played in Argentina, where Ferencváros beat River Plate F.C. 4-3 in Buenos Aires on 1 August 1929. On 3 August 1929, Ferencváros flew back to Montevideo where they lost to Penarol Atlético Clube 2-0. On 5 August 1929, Ferencváros played in Buenos Aires against Racing Club de Avellaneda and won 2-1. On 10 August 1929, Ferencváros lost 2-0 to Argentina in Buenos Aires. On 13 August 1929, Ferencváros repeatedly beat Racing 2-1 in Buenos Aires. The last match was played on 17 August 1929 against São Paulo. Ferencváros lost to 2-1 in São Paulo, Brazil.
A highlight of the nineties was the Cup finale against FC Sion in 1991. The Wankdorf stadium was packed with 50,000 spectators, with both teams contributing to the atmosphere. At halftime, the Bernese led 2–0, but Sion shot back in the second half with three goals to win the Cup. In 1993, YB qualified for the UEFA Cup and met Celtic F.C. of Scotland in the first round. Only 7,300 spectators came to the stadium for the home leg, and the game ended 0–0. The Young Boys fell in Celtic Park in Glasgow before 21,500 spectators in extra time 1–0 with André Baumann netting an own goal in the 105th minute.
Attacks.
The General Assembly has the power to override gubernatorial vetoes through a three-fifths majority vote in each chamber.
Canada's labour movement experienced several setbacks in the late 1920s, and the ILP was not an especially strong electoral force during Queen's time as leader. Only three party members were elected in 1927, all from Winnipeg—Queen, William Ivens and Seymour J. Farmer. The party fared slightly better in 1932, winning four seats in Winnipeg and taking St. Boniface from veteran Conservative MLA Joseph Bernier. The party made little headway beyond urban areas, however, and remained a relatively small opposition group to the Progressive government of John Bracken.
<doc id="861973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=861973" title="Praziquantel">
He became head coach of Hungarian club Ferencváros on 18 December 2013.
<doc id="862291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=862291" title="Gastornis">
In the 1940s, on behalf of the Jewish Agency (Sochnut) and as part of the "The Hunting Season" or "Saison" Teddy Kollek was the Jewish Agency's contact person with the British Mandate MI5, providing information against right-wing Jewish underground groups Irgun and Lehi (known as "Stern Gang"). He succeeded Reuven Zaslani and preceded Zeev Sherf in this function, and was carrying out the Jewish Agency's policy of assisting the British in fighting these groups. In 1942 Kolleck was appointed the Jewish Agency's deputy head of intelligence. Between January 1945 and May 1946 he was the Agency's chief external liaison officer in Jerusalem and was in contact with MI5's main representative as well as members of British Military Intelligence. On 10 August 1945 he revealed to MI5 the location of a secret Irgun training camp near Binyamina. Twenty-seven Irgun members were arrested in the raid that followed.

In 2008, Beard participated in an anti-fur campaign for the organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). She was photographed nude (again covering her breasts and not exposing her nipples) in front of an American flag. The flag in that photograph is hung incorrectly according the United States Flag Code with the blue field to the upper right. Shortly after the PETA campaign was released, accusations of hypocrisy surfaced. Beard had told a fashion blogger the year before that her favorite shoes were leather sandals, and she had stated during an interview with "SmartMoney" magazine that she would never buy a low-quality leather jacket.
Hantec slang

The village was founded as early as the Thracian Era. However, the first documents of its existence date back to the 12th century. During Ottoman Bulgaria period locals defended the pass and enjoyed privileges for this reason. Only Bulgarians lived in the town;. During the period of Bulgarian National Revival, the town was heavily involved in the development of crafts. Houses from this period feature their own architectural design. The ground floors had irregular forms and housed craftsmen and traders. The upper floors featured wooden bow-windows, the roofs were covered with well arranged rocks.
The Chrysler was given a slight a facelift in October 1975 to become the CK series. Production ceased just one year later in October 1976 when the Chrysler was replaced by the Chrysler Regal SE, a prestige version of the CL Series Valiant.
Turtledove may refer to:
Brian Wilde
At the outbreak of the Second Seminole War in 1836, Trousdale formed his own company, and was elected colonel of the Second Regiment, First Brigade. His regiment took part in several skirmishes, and helped defeat Seminole forces at the Battle of Wahoo Swamp in November 1836.
The French did not have the means to force battle, and the Prussians could have joined their larger forces in nearby Jena, but Prince Louis, apparently ignorant that Lannes's division on the field was but part of his forces (the rest were coming up) and that alone outnumbered him, chose to take a stand on the field. Prince Louis positioned his men on low ground outside the town, with their back to the river, and against the French who were attacking down hill. 
Upon reconnoitering the Austrian position, Masséna drew up his plan. General Gardanne was to form the apex of the army, deploying his forces on both sides of the Verona road, supported by Partouneaux's reserve, Jean Louis Brigitte Espagne's cavalry and a part of Julien Augustin Joseph Mermet's dragoons. To the left Molitor's division would deploy close to Ca dell'Ara and would set out to take the heights of Colognola. To the right, Duhesme would march on Gombione in order to fall upon Caldiero, but he was ordered to make his move towards midday. Finally Jean-Antoine Verdier would cross the Adige at Perzacco and turn the enemy left, with the support of Charles Joseph de Pully's cavalry while the rest of Mermet's cavalry would ensure contact with Verdier.
He died from a heart attack on 1 February 2013. During the last weekend of February 2013, the month in which Robin Sachs died, a "Mass Effect 3" multiplayer challenge was enacted: "Operation Tribute". 
Wallace Foster Bennett (November 13, 1898 – December 19, 1993) was an American businessman and politician. A member of the Republican Party, he served as a United States Senator from Utah from 1951 to 1974. He was the father of Bob Bennett, who later held his seat in the Senate (1993–2011).
The SNS released one-quarter of its antiviral drug inventory (Tamiflu and Relenza), personal protective equipment (PPE) and respiratory protection devices to help every US state respond to the H1N1 Influenza 2009 swine influenza outbreak in the United States.
Andy Russell's recording, as produced by Johnny Mercer, became one of the first big hits for Capitol Records.
The Aravali Range (हिन्दी, संस्कृत= अरावली) literally meaning 'line of peaks', is a range of mountains in western India running approximately 800 km in a northeastern direction across Indian states of Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana and Delhi. It is also called Mewat hills locally.
In aikidō, choku-zuki (as described under karate, above) is a basic attack from which throwing and pinning skills are taught. However, because in most aikidō schools it is the only punch from which defensive techniques are taught, there is no need to differentiate it from any other punch. Thus, it is shortened and simply called tsuki. However, choku-zuki is still used in aikidō, and refers to a specific technique with the jō (staff). With the student standing in hidari katate-gamae, the weapon is lifted to the right hand, which slides to the bottom end of the weapon. The student shuffle steps forward (tsugi-ashi) and the right hand pushes the weapon for the strike, allowing it to slide in the left hand, and coming to rest with the left hand gripping the jō one third the distance from the bottom end. More simply, picture striking a billiard ball with a cue stick, except both hands grip the jō with palms down, and thumbs forward.
