Scene 1

C-300 is not without controversy. While there has been no disagreement with the bill's stated intent in continuing to improve Canada's performance in CSR, many groups argue that the bill has flaws that would prevent it from achieving its objective. The mechanism of the bill is not aimed at changing the CSR performance of projects in developing countries, only from dissuading Canadian companies from initiating or maintaining investments in projects that may be found inconsistent with the CSR Guidelines. John McKay has used Talisman Energy divesting of its share of a venture in Sudan as an example of how it would be feasible for Canadian companies to comply with the bill. While this did eliminate Talisman's exposure to the poor CSR performance of that venture, there is evidence that this actually reduced the CSR performance Sudan by eliminating Talisman's advocacy for CSR measures. This approach contrasts to the National Roundtables on CSR 2007 Advisory Group’s recommendations, and the current government initiatives, that are aimed at supporting and enforcing improved performance in the developing world.
<doc id="1137357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1137357" title="David Ouimet">
Danjaq
 β1y1 + β2y2 + ... + βδm+1yδm+1 = 0,
France was the venue for the next grand prix and Mansell was going to race for Williams as it would not interfere with his CART racing. Benetton had relegated Lehto to the third driver and given the second seat behind Schumacher to Verstappen. Frenchman Jean-Marc Gounon took the second Simtek seat alongside David Brabham. The Williams team took a 1-2 in qualifying with Hill on pole ahead of Mansell, Schumacher, Alesi, Berger and Irvine. At the start, Schumacher showed class to slice between both Williams' to take the lead while Barrichello got ahead of Irvine. Schumacher led ahead of Hill, Mansell, Alesi, Berger and Barrichello. 
Later years and death.

In 1995, St. Jude received an anonymous letter postmarked in Dallas, Texas, containing a $1 million winning McDonald's Monopoly game piece. McDonald's officials came to the hospital, accompanied by a representative from the accounting firm Arthur Andersen, who examined the card under a jeweler's eyepiece, handled it with plastic gloves, and verified it as a winner. Although game rules prohibited the transfer of prizes, McDonald's waived the rule and has made the annual $50,000 annuity payments, even after learning that the piece was sent by an individual involved in an embezzlement scheme intended to defraud McDonald's.
The true Golden Era in history of the club however started when Evžen Hadamczik took over as manager of Baník on 1 January 1978. Hadamczik was a young coach, without previous league experience. In 1978, the club won the Czechoslovak Cup for the second time in history. In the 1978–1979 season Baník finished second, with only worse score than champions Dukla Prague. In this season Hadamczik started also team's home stadium invincibility. On 20 August 1978 Baník lost at Bazaly to Dukla Prague. Since then Baník did not lose 74 home matches in a row, thus being almost five years undefeated at their home ground. In the same season of the Cup Winners' Cup, Baník made it to the semi-finals knocking out Sporting Lisbon, Shamrock Rovers and 1. FC Magdeburg on their way. Baník was eliminated in the semi-finals by Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Personal life.
Roberts is remarkably prolific—in 1996 she passed the hundred-novel mark with "Montana Sky" and in 2012 she doubled that with "The Witness". In both 1999 and 2000, four of the five novels that "USA Today" listed as the best-selling romance novels of the year were written by Roberts. Her first appearance on the "New York Times" Bestseller List came in 1991, and between 1991 and 2001, she had 68 New York Times Bestsellers, counting hardbacks and paperbacks. The "New York Times" did not review any of those novels. In 2001, Roberts had 10 best-selling mass-market paperbacks, according to "Publishers Weekly", not counting those books written under the J.D. Robb name. In September 2001, for the first time Roberts took the numbers 1 and 2 spots on the "Publishers Weekly" bestseller list, as her romance "Time and Again" was number one, and her J.D. Robb release "Seduction in Death" was number two.
Campus life offers many amenities, including an Olympic-sized swimming pool, an entertainment arena, and sports courts (basketball, tennis, handball, netball, volleyball). The university is also adjacent to the National Stadium, which is available for university use. The practice fields outside the stadium are the location for university intramural sports.
Catania have had many managers and trainers throughout the history of a club, in some seasons more than one manager was in charge. Here is a chronological list of them from 1946 onwards.
<doc id="1138897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1138897" title="Josiah Wedgwood, 1st Baron Wedgwood">
