On a "Nymphenstein" ("nymph stone" – a kind of Roman altar stone). Alzey had its first documentary mention in 223 as "Vicani Altiaienses" ("Villagers of Alzey"). The name "Altiaia" could well come from as far back as an old, pre-Roman Celtic settlement's name used about 400 BC, although its exact origins have not been passed down to the present day. Over the ruins of the Roman "vicus", which was destroyed about 350, a castrum was built about 390. In 406 and 407, the Burgundians, together with the Vandals, crossed the Rhine and settled in Mainz, Alzey and Worms as Roman confederates. The area was secured for them by treaty. In 436, the Burgundian kingdom was destroyed by the West Roman "magister militum" Flavius Aëtius with help from Hunnish troops. These events were worked into the Nibelungenlied, and form the origin of the legendary figure Volker von Alzey, the gleeman in the Nibelungenlied. After 450, Alzey passed to the Alamanni and the Franks when they took over the land. After Clovis I's death in 511, the Frankish Empire fell apart into separate smaller kingdoms, and Alzey became part of Austrasia, whose capital was at Metz. After unification of the Frankish kingdoms in the mid 8th century, Alzey passed in the 843 Treaty of Verdun to the Kingdom of the East Franks, a forerunner of the German Empire. In 897, Alzey was first mentioned as an Imperial fief.

As of the census of 2000, there were 9,657 people, 3,597 households, and 2,633 families residing in the town. The population density was 186.3 people per square mile (71.9/km²). There were 3,854 housing units at an average density of 74.3 per square mile (28.7/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 90.76% White, 7.15% Black or African American, 0.54% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.51% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.98% of the population.
Defeat and Opposition (1989 to 2003).

William Moyer
The first five Carnegie libraries followed a closed stacks policy, the method of operation common to libraries at that time. Patrons requested a book from a library staffer, who would fetch the book from closed stacks off limits to the public, and bring it to a delivery desk.
Wilson cleared speculation by updating The Special Goodness website on July 12, 2006 stating that "3 songs and more on the way" and on August 13, 2006 stating "Ideally, I'd like to release something in the spring but I will sell no wine before its time." On February 15, 2007 Wilson posted on the site "Lots of new songs have been written and I think an album will be released this year."
6. Department of Mathematics and Philosophy of Engineering
"We have red lights on engines two and three in the cockpit, not on one."<br>
Miss Universe Puerto Rico.
Bill of Rights.
Economy.
In 1813, the English master Jacob Henry Sarratt effectively standardised his English translation of the name of this opening as "the Sicilian Defence", referring to an old Italian manuscript that used the phrase, "il gioco siciliano" ("The Sicilian Game"). The Sicilian was fairly popular for much of the nineteenth century; Louis-Charles Mahé de La Bourdonnais, Adolf Anderssen, Howard Staunton, Louis Paulsen, and Carl Jaenisch all played it with some consistency. In the ninth edition of "Modern Chess Openings", Walter Korn noted that the Sicilian "received three of its earliest practical tests, and a big boost in popularity, in the 1834 MacDonnell Bourdonnais match, 1843 Staunton–St. Amant match, and the 1851 London Tournament." Staunton wrote of the Sicilian, "In the opinion of Jaenisch and the German 'Handbuch', with which I coincide, this is the best possible reply to 1.P-K4, [1.e4 in algebraic notation 'as it renders the formation of a centre impracticable for White and prevents every attack.' "

History.
At age four, González spent his time playing both football and tennis. His father, who was an amateur tennis player, was able to convince his son to opt for tennis over football. He began playing tennis at the age of six. He moved in with his family to La Reina in eastern Santiago, where he practiced with his coach Claudio González (no relation) at the "Club La Reina" three times a week.
With a legacy from The Hillyer Callboard, the student newspaper of Hillyer College, dating from the 1920s, the "Informer" is the official student newspaper of the University of Hartford. Since 1976, the student-run "Informer" has published 24 times every academic year, coming out every Thursday. Circulation is 3,000 and the paper is distributed all over campus.

The Northern Corridor was working already in the 1960s, although at first only for Soviet Union-China trade. The Southern corridor has been opened up after 2000. Successes so far include:

On January 5, 1994, Apple announced eWorld at the 1994 Macworld Conference & Expo, where they invited attendees to become beta testers for the service. On June 20 of that year, the service went into full operation. The eWorld service was a combination of the vast technical and support archives of the previous AppleLink services and a more traditional community service like AOL and CompuServe. The eWorld service was Mac-only but a Windows version was promised to appear in 1995, however it never left the early beta stage.
<doc id="499096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=499096" title="CGC">
Ejersa Goro is best known as the birthplace of Emperor Haile Selassie I, the tenth child of Ras Makonnen, then governor of Harar, and Woizero Yeshimebet Ali, on July 23, 1892. The Emperor later erected a church, Kidane Mihret ("Our Lady Covenant of Mercy"), in the town to commemorate the event; when John Graham visited the town in 2001, although Ras Makonnen's house had been reduced to a "circle of rocks", Kidane Mihret was still standing and in use, although in worse repair than the mosque across town.
Greek life.
In April 1944, O'Neill died at the home of her nephew in Springfield, Missouri. She is interred in the family cemetery at Bonniebrook next to her mother and several family members.
Rodnina / Zaitsev's music stopped during their short program at the 1973 World Championships, possibly due to a Czech worker acting in retaliation for the suppression of the Prague Spring. Known for intense concentration, they finished the program in silence, earning a standing ovation and a gold medal upon completion, ahead of Smirnova / Ulanov, whom they again defeated in 1974. 
Bart Howard (June 1, 1915 – February 21, 2004), born Howard Joseph Gustafson, was the composer and writer of the famous jazz standard "Fly Me To The Moon", which has been performed by singers (among others) Bobby Womack, Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, Ella Fitzgerald, Nancy Wilson, Della Reese, Diana Krall, June Christy and Astrud Gilberto. It is also played frequently by jazz and popular musicians around the world.
Before advancing into southern Abyssinia, General Brink was compelled to protect his western flank and to deny water sources to the Italians. For this reason, on 16 January the 1st Natal Mounted Rifles (of the 2nd Brigade), No 2 Armoured Car Company, 12 SA Field Battery and two irregular companies attacked the string of wells at El Yibo and El Sardu in the Kenyan Northern Frontier District. After three days of fighting, supported by the SAAF, the enemy withdrew from El Yibo on the night of 17 January and on the afternoon of the 18 January, the 2nd Field Force Battalion, which had been moved up from the brigade reserve, entered an abandoned El Sardu. With the only water sources in the area in the hands of the South Africans, the advance into Abyssinia could commence.
<doc id="500571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=500571" title="Fargo">
ASIMO
Other Cities in Malta.
Basal body.
Crick co-authored with David Millar, an influential pamphlet, entitled Making Scotland's Parliament Work. This paper helped drive the move to structure the new parliament and its committees in line with European rather than Westminster norms; this was in fact achieved and the parliament today reflects Crick and Millar's recommendations.
Sussex is a particularly famous street in the capital, as it is home to the Prime Minister's residence at 24 Sussex Drive and home to the Governor General's residence at Rideau Hall. Also located on Sussex are Ottawa's former city hall on Green Island, which includes Earnscliffe, and a number of prominent embassies such as those of France, Japan, Saudi Arabia and the United States.
A possible solution to starvation is to use a scheduling algorithm with priority queue that also uses the aging technique. Aging is a technique of gradually increasing the priority of processes that wait in the system for a long time.
Chinese noodles
Stochastic dynamic programming is a useful tool in understanding decision making under uncertainty. The accumulation of capital stock under uncertainty is one example; often it is used by resource economists to analyze bioeconomic problems where the uncertainty enters in such as weather, etc.
Battle of Gonzales
In the Komi language, green is considered a shade of yellow (), called : "grass yellow".
In 2010, Cole returned in the Charmed Series 9 comic book series. This time he has a minor role and only supporting in the spirit realm with Prue Halliwell, played by Shannen Doherty.
Chuncheon is the hometown of soccer player Son Heung-Min, who current plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen in the Bundesliga.
By the 1960s in western countries, it was becoming more accepted for a woman to work and be a "career girl" until she got married, when she should stop work and be a "housewife". Many western women in the 1970s believed that this was not treating men and women equally and that women should do whatever job they were able to do, whether they were married or not.
The group of assassins left the vicinity before the arrival of police forces, and stormed into the Radio Broadcasting Society; holding the employees at gunpoint and cutting short the live airing of a waltz, it announced, through the voice of Traian Popescu, that it had killed the Premier. The message was never broadcast, as, unbeknown to the squad, transmission had already been interrupted by Radio staff.
Averescu, who authored over 12 works on various military topics (including his memoirs from the frontline), was also an honorary member of the Romanian Academy and an Order of Michael the Brave recipient. He became a Marshal of Romania in 1930.
Academy of Country Music
The national organization is overseen by the CDA Executive Board. The function of the Executive Board is officially to "determine and implement the organization's goals"; its members are elected annually at the national convention. Pursuant to the CDA Constitution, each local chapter receives three (3) votes, each state federation receives two (2) votes and each member of the outgoing Executive Board receives one (1) vote. More than 600 members attended the 2008 convention.
Earth X.
DART's 2030 Transit System Plan, approved in October 2006, calls for the Blue Line to be extended south beyond Ledbetter Station to Interstate 20, near Bonnie View Road and the SouthPort Intermodal Terminal. The plan also includes a new Lake Highlands station near Skillman Street and Kingsley Road, which opened as DART's first infill station in December 2010.
Welles spent the bulk of his time a few miles outside of Washington in the Maryland countryside at a 49-room "country cottage" known as Oxon Hill Manor designed for him by Jules Henri de Sibour and built on a 245-acre property in 1929. He entertained foreign dignitaries and diplomats there and hosted informal meetings of senior officials. FDR used the site as an occasional escape from the city as well.
As of 2003, the district had an estimated population of 47,259. The total area was 491.72 km².


Watson took up boxing at the age of fourteen at the Crown and Manor boxing club, where he proved to be a quick learner, winning an under-71 kg London Schools title in 1980.
