<doc id="595849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=595849" title="Xerox Daybreak">
<doc id="595952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=595952" title="Ellen Cannon Reed">
He was the head coach of the Allentown, Pennsylvania-based Pennsylvania ValleyDawgs of the United States Basketball League until they folded.

Büttikofer, J. 1883. “Mededeelingen over Liberia. Resultaten van eene Onderzoekingsreis, door J. Büttikofer en C. F. Sala in de Jaren 1879–1882, Uitgegeven van wege het Aardrijkskundig Genootscap, Bijblad 12.
Islands of Turku
The vehicles went on sale in second quarter of 2013.
The choice of column depends on the sample and the active measured. The main chemical attribute regarded when choosing a column is the polarity of the mixture, but functional groups can play a large part in column selection. The polarity of the sample must closely match the polarity of the column stationary phase to increase resolution and separation while reducing run time. The separation and run time also depends on the film thickness (of the stationary phase), the column diameter and the column length.
Language.
Toch continued to grow as an artist and composer throughout his adult life, and in America came to influence whole new generations of composers. His first compositions date from c. 1900 and were pastiches in the style of Mozart (quartets, 1905 album verses for piano). His first quartet was performed in Leipzig in 1908, and his sixth (Opus 12, 1905) in the year 1909. In 1909, his Chamber Symphony in F major (written 1906) won the Frankfurt/Main Mozart prize. From this time onwards, Toch dedicated himself to being a full-time composer. He won the Mendelssohn prize for composition in 1910. In 1913, he was appointed lecturer of both piano and composition at the College of Music in Mannheim. After winning a further five major prizes for his works, he served four years in the army on the Italian Front during World War I. In 1916, he married Lilly Zwack, the daughter of a banker.
The play "Raisin in the Sun" was inspired by Lorraine Hansberry's time in the neighborhood after her father won the repeal of restrictive covenants. The Hansberry house, the red brick three-flat at 6140 S. Rhodes which they bought in 1937, is up for landmark status before the Chicago City Council's Committee on Historical Landmarks Preservation.
In July 2002, "Do It! Now" was released. This single finally broke the line of number one hits and came in at number three—a surprising fact to many, considering it was Maki Goto's last single.
The MRT line is officially known in Thai as "rotfaifa mahanakhon" (รถไฟฟ้ามหานคร) or "metropolitan electric train", but it is more commonly called "rotfai taidin" (รถไฟใต้ดิน), literally, "underground train". The metro has a fleet of 19 trains; the 19th train entered service in October 2007 after a major accident.
A number of Christian denominations have programs to reach Jews. The JTA, a Jewish news service, conducted an extensive analysis of Christian efforts to convert Jews to Christianity and found that some of the largest evangelical denominations – the Southern Baptists, the Assemblies of God, and the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod – have all increased their efforts to evangelize Jews in the recent past.
Names.
