10 August
International career.

Most ODI runs for Netherlands
First it is also necessary to use roots of unity, though Hilbert may have implicitly meant to include these. More seriously, while values of elliptic modular functions generate the Hilbert class field, for more general abelian extensions one also needs to use values of elliptic functions. For example, the abelian extension formula_1 is not generated by singular moduli and roots of unity.
A1 Team Great Britain was one of the first six seat holders in the series announced, with chairman John Surtees hosting the event. The car was unveiled to the public in September 2005, displaying a distinctive blue, red and white livery to reflect the colours of the flag of the United Kingdom, rather than Britain's traditional racing green colour.
In the spring semester of 2007, one of the most contentious standards, the "physical expression of affection" standard (dating couples may not hold hands or kiss, but may only hug briefly) was revised to allow for more freedom of physical expressions (couples dating seriously are now allowed to hold hands and kiss briefly).
Literary pursuits.
Bend of the River
Fictional characters.

At Lanier H.S., Ellis scored a career-best 72 points in a game against Greenwood High School. As a junior, he scored 42 points in an 80–75 loss against renowned high school basketball powerhouse Oak Hill Academy, then the #1-ranked prep-basketball team in the country by USA Today, and their future NBA duo that consisted of point guard Rajon Rondo and forward Josh Smith, in front of a capacity crowd at the Marshall County Hoopfest in Benton, KY. His 42 points set a new record for the most points anyone had ever scored against Oak Hill. In his senior season he scored 42 points in a game against South Gwinnett High School in which he was guarded by Louis Williams, at the Coliseum. He led Lanier to a 129–16 record in his four seasons as a starter (2002–2005), winning the 4A state championship in 2002 (33–5) and 2005 (35–2, ranked #12 nationally by USA Today) and runner-up finishes in 2003 (31–4) and 2004 (30–5). He scored a total of 4,167 points in his prep career, making him second all-time in Mississippi history. He received first-team all-state recognition from the Clarion-Ledger in all four of his high school seasons and was named Mississippi's "Mr. Basketball" by the paper in 2005.
Theoretical power efficiency of class D amplifiers is 100%. That is to say, all of the power supplied to it is delivered to the load, none is turned to heat. This is because an ideal switch in its on state will conduct all the current but has no voltage across it, hence no heat would be dissipated. And when it is off, it will have the full supply voltage standing across it, but no current flows through it. Again, no heat would be dissipated. Real-life power MOSFETs are not ideal switches, but practical efficiencies well over 90% are common. By contrast, linear AB-class amplifiers are always operated with both current flowing through and voltage standing across the power devices. An ideal class B amplifier has a theoretical maximum efficiency of 78%. Class A amplifiers (purely linear, with the devices always "on") have a theoretical maximum efficiency of 50% and some versions have efficiencies below 20%.
Sometimes fire doors have apparently very large gaps at the foot of them, an inch or two even, allowing air movement, such as in dormitory facilities. This can lead the occupants of a building to question their status as 'real' fire doors. Testing of fire doors include a maximum door "undercut" of 3/4 inch. Corridors have a fire rating of one hour or less, and the fire doors in them are required by code to have a fire rating of 1/2 or 1/3 hour, the intent of which is mainly to restrict smoke travel.
Having repelled the Serbian Army incursion into Bosnia in September, the Austro-Hungarian Army regrouped and positioned itself for an invasion of Serbia before winter set in. Potiorek was again placed in charge of Austro-Hungarian forces and was given command of the Austro-Hungarian 6th Army. The Austro-Hungarian 5th Army was commanded by Liborius Ritter von Frank. In total, the Austro-Hungarians had 450,000 troops at their disposal. The Serbian Army had 400,000 soldiers ready to face the Austro-Hungarian advance. On 31 October, von Frank's 5th Army pushed down into the region between the Sava and Drina rivers while Potiorek's 6th Army drove west across the Drina and into the Jagodnja plateau. Austria-Hungary's third invasion of Serbia commenced on 6 November 1914, with intense artillery fire strafing a series of Serbian border towns. On 7 November, the Austro-Hungarian 5th and 6th armies attacked across the Drina. Despite being outnumbered and in desperate need of ammunition, the Serbian Army offered fierce resistance but was forced into strategic withdrawal. The 3rd Army fell back against a road by the Jadar River in an effort to block the Austro-Hungarian advance towards Valjevo, while the 1st Army retreated southward into the Serbian interior and the Užice Army managed to prevent the Austro-Hungarians from crossing the Drina.
Once Anhalt completed "La Tourangelle", he felt the need to compose a parallel piece focused on English Canada. The story is based on John Winthrop, a 17th-century Englishman who was the founder and governor of Boston, Massachusetts. It was completed in March 1983, and calls for a mixed choir, six solo singers, an instrumental ensemble that consists of no less than 30 players, and a boys’ choir. Anhalt describes it as “A Musical Pageant” that is not a traditional narrative work for the stage, but more of a subtle exploration into the spiritual and personal aspects of a man, as well as how these supply meaning and significance to his actions.

Arizona Beverage Company
