Marata Vision was purchased outright by Polaron Controls in July 2004, at the time when the parent company Polaron Plc was launched on the stock market. Polaron Plc was acquired by Cooper Controls (UK) Ltd, a subsidiary of Cooper Industries Ltd., in March 2007.
Old Pekin, Indiana
Ibeto Cement Company.
<doc id="10458439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10458439" title="John Reily Knox">

Jesper Kristensen (born October 9, 1971) is a Danish former football (soccer) player, who played 129 games for Danish team Brøndby IF in the midfielder position. He played four games for the Denmark national football team, with whom he won the 1995 King Fahd Cup.
Toxic symptoms generally resolve themselves after 24 to 48 hours. Supportive treatment for the symptoms is usually administered. Because extreme vomiting occurs, decontamination (e.g., stomach pumping or the ingestion of activated charcoal) is usually not implemented unless ingestion has occurred within one hour. Atropine is usually administered to counteract the low heart rate, and sympathomimetic drugs and liquids administered to raise the blood pressure.
Chairman.
15 Pashons - Coptic calendar - 17 Pashons
Umpiring career.
Animal Tracks (British album)

Pemberton contested the Miss World title on 1 December 2007, in Sanya, China.
<doc id="10468712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10468712" title="The Association (album)">
Ahmet Vardar
In the preface to the fourth edition of his book "Logic: Deductive and Inductive" (1920), he identifies his significant influences. He states, "the work may be considered, on the whole, as attached to the school of Mill; to whose System of Logic, and to Bain's Logic, it is deeply indebted. Amongst the works of living writers, the Empirical Logic of Venn and the Formal Logic of Keynes have given me most assistance." In Chapter 22 of Logic, Read says: "It is better to be vaguely right than exactly wrong", the original source of the much quoted aphorism "It is better to be roughly right than exactly wrong" that is often, incorrently attributed to John Maynard Keynes.
Metal Sludge's approach was antagonistic, utilizing humour, but at the same time it was in a tongue-in-cheek manner as the website did support the bands it covered. Their first large rivalry was with Gerri Miller of the now-defunct "Metal Edge" magazine; a magazine which once covered glam metal, heavy metal music and hard rock.
