Political bias study.
<doc id="1355086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1355086" title="Reeth">
Landmarks.
The Getty is involved in a controversy regarding proper title to some of the artwork in its collection. The Museum's previous curator of antiquities, Marion True, was indicted in Italy in 2005 (along with famed dealer Robert E. Hecht) on criminal charges relating to trafficking in stolen antiquities. Similar charges have been addressed by the Greek authorities. The primary evidence in the case came from the 1995 raid of a Geneva, Switzerland, warehouse which had contained a fortune in stolen artifacts. Italian art dealer Giacomo Medici was eventually arrested in 1997; his operation was thought to be "one of the largest and most sophisticated antiquities networks in the world, responsible for illegally digging up and spiriting away thousands of top-drawer pieces and passing them on to the most elite end of the international art market". In 2005 True was forced to tender her resignation by the Board of Trustees, which announced her "early retirement." Italy allowed the statute of limitations of the charges filed against her to expire in October 2010.
There were 79 Combined Arms army headquarters created during the Second World War, with 16 permanently disbanded during the war, and over 20 converted to other army, Front or military district headquarters. After World War II, Soviet armies were known as "combined arms armies" ("obshchevoyskovyye armiyi"), sometimes translated during the early Cold War as "all-arms armies".
<doc id="1355945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1355945" title="Baby D">
As more of Chambliss's men (and General Stuart) arrived on the scene, they were met by additional Federals near the sprawling Karle Forney farm, just south of Hanover. Nearly surrounded in the confused fighting, Stuart and a staff officer made their escape cross-country through the hedges bordering the country lane, at one point leaping their horses over a wide ditch. Hearing the unmistakable sound of distant gunfire, Judson Kilpatrick raced southward towards Hanover, with his horse dying in the town square from the severe ride. The young general began to deploy his men in and around Hanover, barricading some streets with barrels, farm wagons, dry goods boxes, and anything else that might provide cover. Shortly before noon, fighting at the Forney farm ceased as the Rebels broke off contact. Kilpatrick positioned Custer's newly arrived brigade on the farm and awaited developments.
Meanwhile in the UK, Wilson began to include the band on Factory's publicity material. They also appeared twice on his "Granada Reports" news programme.
Note that only a promotion to a knight works on move one: any other piece would be able to interpose after 1...Bxg2+.
The city is situated in the dividing line between Malenadu and the Deccan plateau. The Malenadu is well known for its forests and forest based industries and the other three side region are known for their agricultural products like cotton, groundnut, oilseeds manganese ore and granite stones. The Cotton Market of Hubli is one among the largest in India.
Remy Zero's first album, self-titled, drew from these experiences and received little recognition or sales. The subsequent album "Villa Elaine" caused them to be praised as "the next big thing". "Villa Elaine" was recorded when the band was living in an apartment of the same name in Hollywood. Remy Zero's third album "The Golden Hum" was also received well. A 50 second version of the song "Save Me" from "The Golden Hum" was used as the theme song for WB/CW's "Smallville" during its ten season run. Remy Zero's music has also been on KCRW's "Morning Becomes Eclectic" radio show. Remy Zero's song "Shattered" was used in the films "Crazy/Beautiful" and "Suicide Kings". "Fair" from "Villa Elaine" was used in the films "Garden State" and "Fanboys", "Prophecy" was used in "She's All That", "The Last Kiss", "Gramarye" was used in the film "Stigmata", and "Perfect Memory" was used in the film "The Invisible" and the last episode of Smallville's first season (where the band guest starred on screen and played. They played 'Save Me' as well). Director Bill Draheim documented the making of "Save Me". Save Me from my Half- Life Drive is the result of that edited EPK footage. Remy Zero recorded a version of Art Garfunkel's song "Bright Eyes" for the 2002 album "For the Kids."

Legends from history.
The Assamese script (অসমীয়া লিপি "Ôxômiya Lipi") is a writing system of the Assamese language. It used to be the script of choice in the Brahmaputra valley for Sanskrit as well as other languages such as Bodo (now Devanagari), Khasi (now Roman), Mising (now Roman) etc. The current form of the script has seen continuous development from the 5th-century Umachal/Nagajari-kanikargaon rock inscriptions written in an eastern variety of the Gupta script, adopting significant traits from the Siddham Script along the way. By the 17th century three styles of Assamese script could be identified ("baminiya", "kaitheli" and "garhgaya") that converged to the standard script following typesetting required for printing. The present standard is identical to the Bengali script "except for three letters".
Second tomb reconstruction.

Kimberley Jane Walsh (born 20 November 1981) is an English singer-songwriter, model, television presenter, actress and dancer. She rose to fame in late 2002 when she auditioned for the reality television show "" on ITV. The programme announced that Walsh had won a place as a member of the girl group Girls Aloud. The group has achieved massive success, having twenty consecutive top ten singles (including four number ones) in the UK, six studio albums have all been certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), two of which went to number one in the UK, and accumulating a total of five BRIT Award nominations. In 2009, Girls Aloud won "Best Single" with their song "The Promise".
The first women's liberation march in London occurred in 1971.
"Theorem". The d-dimensional Sobol sequence possesses Property A iff
The Avons
Priceless
<doc id="1359703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1359703" title="Elections in Brazil">
Inaugural season.
Over twenty skulls have been found from this dinosaur. As with other lambeosaurines, the animal bore a tall, elaborate bony crest atop its skull, which contained the elongate narial passages. The narial passages extended into the crest, first into separate pockets in the sides, then into a single central chamber and onward into the respiratory system. The skull of the type specimen has no dermal impressions on it. During preservation it was compressed laterally, so now the width is about two-thirds what it would have been in real life. According to Brown, the compression also caused the nasals to shift where they pressed down on the premaxillaries. Because they were pressed on the premaxillaries, the nasals would have closed the nares. Apart from the compression, the skull appears to be normal. In fact the area's concerned were fully part of the praemaxillae.
Antyllus was born and raised in Rome. His mother, Fulvia Flacca Bambula, died in October 40 BC, from illness, while in political exile in Sicyon, Greece. His father remarried to Octavia Minor, the second elder sister to Octavian (future Roman Emperor Caesar Augustus) who was a member of the Second Triumvirate. In his younger years, he was betrothed to Octavian's daughter Julia the Elder. After the alliance between his father and Octavian ended, the engagement was broken off. Between 40 - 36 BC, he lived with his father, step mother and his siblings in his father's mansion, in Athens, Greece. After 36 BC, he accompanied his father as they left Greece and lived his remaining years in Alexandria, Egypt in the court of Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt. 
In the legislature, his mild demeanour earned him the ironic nickname "Mad Dog McGill". Gary Doer described him as "gentlemanly" following his death in 1996. He died in Brandon at the age of 84.
There are also private shuttle bus services from Jakarta to private residential area such as Lippo Karawaci and Citra Raya.
Language death can be fast, when the children are taught to avoid their parents' language for reasons such as work opportunities and social status. At other times, minority languages survive much better, for example when the speakers try to isolate themselves against a majority population. Often, especially historically, governments have tried to promote language death, not wishing to have minority languages.
Economy and tourism.
List of minor Buffy the Vampire Slayer characters
