Lorenzo "Larry" J. Cruz (September 17, 1941 – February 4, 2008) was a Filipino restaurateur who founded the LJC Restaurant Group, which operates several restaurants in the Philippines. Among the restaurants he established through the LJC Group were "Café Adriatico", "Cafe Havana", "Bistro Remedios", and "Abe", which was named after his father, the writer E. Aguilar Cruz. Cruz was also a journalist and magazine publisher.
The broken fuel pipe caused a serious accident when diesel fuel poured out from a van onto the road. A following car skidded and the driver was seriously injured when she collided with an oncoming lorry. Scanning electron microscopy or SEM showed that the nylon connector had fractured by stress corrosion cracking due to a small leak of battery acid. Nylon is susceptible to hydrolysis in contact with sulfuric acid, and only a small leak of acid would have sufficed to start a brittle crack in the injection moulded connector by a mechanism known as stress corrosion cracking, or SCC. The crack took about 7 days to grow across the diameter of the tube, hence the van driver should have seen the leak well before the crack grew to a critical size. He did not, therefore resulting in the accident. The fracture surface showed a mainly brittle surface with striations indicating progressive growth of the crack across the diameter of the pipe. Once the crack had penetrated the inner bore, fuel started leaking onto the road. Diesel is especially hazardous on road surfaces because it forms a thin oily film that cannot be seen easily by drivers. It is akin to black ice in lubricity, so skids are common when diesel leaks occur. The insurers of the van driver admitted liability and the injured driver was compensated.

Following the end of his athletic career, Jenne returned to Portland to coach football, basketball, baseball, and track at Washington High School. In 1928, he coached the boy's basketball team to the Oregon state championship, defeating future University of Oregon football coach Prink Callison's Medford High School team. Jenne's football teams amassed an overall 61-16-14 record with seven Portland city championships, one state championship, with only one losing season. 
<doc id="16370105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16370105" title="Erastus B. Tyler">
Sam has been likened by observers in German football to the Dutch winger Arjen Robben of Bayern Munich, due to Sam's explosive speed and dribbling style and possibly due to Sam's frequent deployment on the right-wing and as an outside forward, cutting inside on his favoured left-foot to unleash his fierce shots, which leads to Sam scoring spectacular long-range goals. Sam is likened to a young Ryan Giggs, due to Sam's ability to dribble with the ball at top speed. Sam's comparison to Ryan Giggs and Arjen Robben is seen in the influence of the way Sidney Sam shoots and gets into goal-scoring situations coming in from both flanks on the football pitch. Sam utilizes his explosive speed by running-in-behind defenders on the football pitch and Sam is often as well deployed as an outside forward and striker.
Portugal national roller hockey team

<doc id="16375163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16375163" title="Gabriel de Rochechouart de Mortemart">
Government.
Rožnik District

The Preparatory Committee was responsible for implementation work related to the establishment of the HKSAR, including the prescription of the method for the formation of the first government and first Legislative Council and establishment of the Selection Committee, which in turn was responsible for the selection of the first chief executive and the members of the Provisional Legislative Council.
Crevice may also refer to:
There were many hopefuls that publicly expressed their desire for the chairmanship. These politicians withdrew after acting chairperson Annette Lu withdrew her campaign. Only three candidates formally announced their bids for chairperson:
12. Richmond <br>
In 2009, he among with fellow representatives of Cavite -- Joseph Emilio Abaya and Elpidio Barzaga, Jr.—authored the biggest congressional reapportionment in the history of the Philippines by passing Republic Act No. 9727, unofficially titled The Cavite Congressional Reapportionment Act of 2009, bringing the representatives of Cavite from three to seven.
“Kazakh Phonology.” "Opuscula Altaica: Essays Presented in Honor of Henry Schwarz," pp. 603–650. Western Washington University, 1994. 

Authorization bill
KVCK-FM (92.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Wolf Point, Montana. The station is owned by Wolftrax Broadcasting, LLC. It airs a Country music format.
