Emma Schwartz, in the "US News and World Report", on August 30, 2007, reported that her sources told her: "...Up to one fourth of the department's own civil appellate staff has recently opted out of handling the government's cases against detainee appeals."
The House ruled the Duchy of Burgundy from 1032–1361. The main line of the dynasty ended with the death in 1361 of Philip I, Duke of Burgundy. His duchy was inherited by John II of France, whose mother had been a member of the House of Burgundy, so the duchy passed to the House of Valois, then the ruling house of France.
The "Loch Ard"'s cargo included a range of luxury goods, including a large decorative porcelain peacock made by Minton in England, intended to be displayed in the Melbourne International Exhibition in 1880. Remarkably, the peacock was recovered completely intact and was eventually able to be displayed a century later for the Victoria Pavilion at the Brisbane 1988 World Exposition. It is now on display at the Flagstaff Hill Maritime Museum in Warrnambool, along with a number of other relics of the wreck.
Wilson’s thoughts about songwriting and advice to young songwriters are also captured in his Vines series, Words & Music in Six Seconds
The school was founded in 1905 in Ottoman-controlled Jaffa. The cornerstone-laying for the school's new building on Herzl Street in the Ahuzat Bayit neighborhood of Tel Aviv took place on July 28, 1909. Gymnasia Herzliya was the country's first Hebrew high school. The building was designed by Joseph Barsky, inspired by descriptions of Solomon's Temple.
In a similar sidenote, the Miami programme is also known for its share of pranks. Its notoriety came with the "¡Caiste!" jokes made to Hugo Chávez and Fidel Castro (The former being pranked before the other) while using pre-existing tape conversations (for the former, it was with a conversation between Castro and then-Mexican President Vicente Fox, while for the latter, the snippets of the prank which was done on Chávez was used). Both pranks had Joe Ferrero pretending to be a sergeant in some army. Needless to say, while the reaction of the former victim was absolute silence, Castro replied after Ferrero tripped up his (Castro's) words ("¿Estás conforme con toda la mierda que has hecho en la isla, asesino?" ["Are you conformed with all the shit that you did on the island, murderer?"]) with a slightly peeved response: "¿En qué caí, comemierda? ¿En qué caí, maricón? ¿En qué caí, mari-cón-són?" ("What DID I fall in, shiteater? What did I fall in, queer? What did I fall in, you gay-fer?"). However, the FCC complained and slapped a fine to the two disc jockeys (Enrique Santos and Joe Ferrero); both chose not to pay, relying instead on a penny-drive. Its (the programme's) second-funniest joke is one that is called "¡Píntame!" (Paint me!), in which the two prank a painter by asking him "¿Usted es el pintor?" ("Are you the Painter?"), whereupon by using his response (which was always "¡Sí, yo soy el pintor!" ["Yes, I'm the painter!"]) they played a sample of Elvis Crespo's song "Píntame" (the first line of the song, to be exact: "Pintame', le dije yo al pintor"; "'Paint me', I told the painter"), thus aggravating the man and pissing him off even further, thus launching a tirade of Dominican insults. Another famous prank made by the 2 DJs was their "Gonzalo Créo" saga; the first joke of which, "La vieja puta" ("The Old Bitch"), revolved around Santos pranking a Cuban by making said Cuban believe that he was in a telephoned confession booth, whereupon the Cuban said that he was being stalked by the grandmother of a friend of his. When one of Santos's associates is heard, the Cuban is outraged, and hangs up on him, whereupon, we hear Santos saying that he didn't get a chance to ask for the Cuban's money; the rest of the prank (although it is funny) revolves around then trying to get the Cuban's money. More of the "Gonzalo Créo" jokes occurred, including "El Dolor del Vecino", using the same premise of pretense of a telephoned confession booth, which involves a man struggling with his apparent bisexuality. A lot of the prank calls made by Enrique Santos and Joe Ferrero (During and after "El Vacilón" including the Enrique & Joe Show) have now been made available at www.Marikonson.com
The Paris première.
