Government authorities have generally avoided publicly executing political prisoners because it generates greater domestic and international outcry. Nonetheless, there have still been instances of political prisoners being publicly executed, in some cases under the pretense of them being drug traffickers. In prisons like Evin, political prisoners have been forced to watch or even participate in executions by removing dead bodies. In the 1980s, newly arrived inmates passed rows of hanged prisoners when entering through the main courtyard.

The Ukrainian Government is paying wages and pensions for the inhabitants of the Donetsk People's Republic. Although the closing of bank branches led to problems in receiving these. Especially since the National Bank of Ukraine ordered banks to suspend financial transactions in places which are not controlled by the Ukrainian authorities on 7 August 2014. Only the Oschadbank continued to function in territories controlled by the DPR.
<doc id="42426906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42426906" title="McKendree">
This disease is mainly found in tropical climates in Southern Asia, however some scattering exists:
Townlands are Ardeamush, Aughavinna, Aughiska Beg, Aughiska More, Ballaghaline, Ballycahan, Ballycullaun, Ballynalackan, Ballynahown, Ballyryan, Ballysallagh, Ballyvara, Ballyvoe, Boherboy, Caherkinallia, Cahermacrusheen, Cahermaclanchy, Carnaun, Carrownycleary, Cloghaun, Coogyulla, Craggycorradan East, Craggycorradan West, Cronagort East, Cronagort West, Doolin, Doonmacfelim, Doonnagore, Glasha Beg, Glasha More, Gortaclob, Island, Killilagh, Knockacarn, Knockaguilla, Knocknaranhy, Laghtmurreda, Luogh North, Luogh South, Lurraga, Oughtdarra, Pouliskaboy, Poulnagun, Teergonean, Toomullin and Toornahooan.
School of Technology.
Past Participating Dancers.
<doc id="42431891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42431891" title="Auximobasis constans">

Sek Yi was a devout Buddhist. He cited reasons behind his longevity as "don't make bad kharma, don't steal, and don't rape someone's wife."
Maghotsav is the main festival of the Brahmos celebrated on 11 "Magh" each year according to the Bengali calendar to mark the anniversary of Brahmo Samaj. The celebration commemorates the inauguration of the first Brahmo Samaj by Ram Mohan Roy on 23 January 1830, which was on 11 Magh according to the Bengali calendar in that year.
The 2014 Tour of Flanders for Women was the 11th running of the women's Tour of Flanders for Women, a women's bicycle race in Belgium. It was the third race of the 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cup season and was held on 6 April 2014 over a distance of , starting and finishing in Oudenaarde.

