The hamlet Račica at the place which is called Gromile, there are two lone stećak. One of them has two podiums, which is very rarely.
Sources:
<doc id="23302676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23302676" title="Pratz">
2009 election
Related Designs is a German video game development studio which specializes in strategy games for the PC. Ubisoft bought a 30% stake in the company after acquiring Sunflowers, the previous stakeholder, in 2007. In April 2013, Ubisoft purchased the remaining 70% of stake in the company, thus making Related Designs a wholly owned subsidiary of Ubisoft.
The Gregorian reform contained two parts: a reform of the Julian calendar as used prior to Pope Gregory XIII's time and a reform of the lunar cycle used by the Church, with the Julian calendar, to calculate the date of Easter. The reform was a modification of a proposal made by Aloysius Lilius. His proposal included reducing the number of leap years in four centuries from 100 to 97, by making 3 out of 4 centurial years common instead of leap years. Lilius also produced an original and practical scheme for adjusting the epacts of the moon when calculating the annual date of Easter, solving a long-standing obstacle to calendar reform.
Monument to J. M. Vagnat.
Track listing.
The South Carolina Stingrays remain Washington's ECHL affiliate for the 2009–10 season.
Deities.
There is an Tamil language inscription on a stone in the street believed to be dated in S.S. 1013 (CE 1091). The people of Kavunji believe that the inscription relates details and results of a controversy. The inscription measures .


Geography.
Nagurski- Kyle Wilson (Sr-DB)

Bo Rande is also a member of Blue Foundation while Fridolin has produced albums for Moi Caprice, The Fashion and Choir of Young Believers and Frederik has produced albums for Outlandish and Burhan G. Kristian Leth has also written two books of poetry. 
Steele's son Charlie Steele, Jr. later represented New Zealand also, to become the first father - son pair to represent New Zealand.
Currently playing
