An aircheck of New York City radio station WABC from November 9, 1965 reveals Dan Ingram doing a segment of his afternoon drive time show, during which he notes that a record he's playing (Jonathan King's "Everyone's Gone to the Moon") sounds slow, as do the subsequent jingles played during a commercial break. The station's music playback equipment used motors that got their speed timing from the frequency of the powerline, normally 60Hz. Comparisons of segments of the hit songs played at the time of the broadcast, minutes before the blackout happened, in this aircheck, as compared to the same song recordings played at normal speed reveal that approximately six minutes before blackout the line frequency was 56 Hz, and just two minutes before the blackout that frequency dropped to 51 Hz. As Si Zentner's recording of "(Up a) Lazy River" plays in the background – again at a slower-than-normal tempo – Ingram mentions that the lights in the studio are dimming, then suggests that the electricity itself is slowing down, adding, "I didn't know that could happen." When the station's "Action Central News" report comes on at 5:25 pm (ET), the staff remains oblivious to the impending blackout. The lead story is still Roger Allen LaPorte's self-immolation at United Nations Headquarters earlier that day to protest American military involvement in the Vietnam War. The newscast gradually fizzles out as power is lost by the time the newsman starts delivering the second story.
Giuliano, who had held up his end of a bargain, was outraged and promised retaliation. Shortly after seeing his mother and Mariannina for what would be the last time at a June picnic in the countryside, the bandit learned that, besides the broken promise of a pardon, Santo Fleres' Mafia faction was informing law enforcement of Giuliano's movements. On 17 July 1948 two local Partinico bandits, hired by Giuliano, assassinated Fleres in that town's square. Thereafter, most of the Mafia organizations worked against Giuliano, effectively sealing his eventual fate. In the first action by any Mafiosi after Fleres' death, Giuliano opted out late in a law enforcement-Mafia fake escape to Tunisia by speedboat, probably forewarned by a still friendly Mafia faction or politician. Law enforcement also stepped up its own campaign against the bandit. At the end of 1948 his entire family was under arrest on some pretext (and the Carabinieri occupied the family house, which the band occasionally fired on at night). From the middle of 1948 until Giuliano's death Montelpre was occupied in some state of siege by law enforcement, making the inhabitants' lives miserable.
Environment.
Romania's government also took measures to reduce public discontent by reducing investments in heavy industry, boosting output of consumer goods, decentralizing economic management, hiking wages and incentives, and instituting elements of worker management. The authorities eliminated compulsory deliveries for private farmers but reaccelerated the collectivization program in the mid-1950s, albeit less brutally than earlier. The government declared collectivization complete in 1962, when collective and state farms controlled 77% of the arable land.
<doc id="297211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=297211" title="Anthony Wood">
Phu Sa Dok Bua (ภูสระดอกบัว): On the mountain top one finds 11 stone pools, each a few metres wide. It is quite strange that all of them are occupied by different species of colourful lotus which normally are found in swamps. Locals insist that no one planted the lotus and that they occur naturally. So, they named these pools "Phu Sa Dok Bua", literally "Mountain Lotus Pool". Nearby is a huge cave which can accommodate hundreds of people. It once served as a stronghold of the Communist Party of Thailand. 
