The Mormon theologian Orson Pratt taught a form of hylozoism.
Lyrically, "This Means War!" took the implicit spiritual warfare theme that had been present in Petra's albums and tours since "Never Say Die" and emphasized it further. Although the album ended for good the band's longstanding tradition of featuring electric guitars as warcraft, its picture of a warrior on his knees complemented songs with titles such as "Get On Your Knees and Fight Like a Man," "All the King's Horses" and the title track, a rousing rocker backed by a marching drumbeat that addressed Satan as the preordained loser of the war he had declared against Christ and his followers.
<doc id="1018612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1018612" title="Murrumbidgee">
With the establishment of the communist-led German Democratic Republic in 1949, Magdeburg fell under Soviet control. Communist leaders tried to suppress religion as a potential threat to communist doctrine, thus being active in church was a social disadvantage. The eradication of religion could not be accomplished, however, and weekly peace prayers were held in the cathedral beginning in 1983 in front of the Magdeburger Ehrenmal, a sculpture by Ernst Barlach. This led to the famous Monday demonstrations of 1989 (similar to those in Leipzig), which played a significant role in the German reunification process.
Biography.
Canal levels sometimes had sand bars or shallow areas where the boat would get stuck. Some boats carried long iron-tipped poles to push themselves off although some canals forbade their use. Sometimes boatmen would ask the lockkeeper of the lock above for a swell, to raise the water in the level, so that they could get off the sand bar. 
On 9 March 2008, Jones led Cardiff to their first FA Cup semi-final tie since 1927 after beating Premier League side Middlesbrough 2–0 in the quarter-finals. On 6 April Cardiff City beat Barnsley 1–0 at Wembley Stadium to book an FA Cup Final place against Portsmouth. Cardiff City lost the Final, played on 17 May 2008, with the only goal of the game being scored by Nwankwo Kanu for Portsmouth, after 37 minutes play.
With it´s International Architecture Film Festival in Lund, since 2009, Lund is a centre in Øresund for architecture & film.
Honors.
Courtmacsherry () often referred to by locals as Courtmac, is a picturesque seaside village in County Cork, Ireland, on the southwest coast. It is about 30 miles southwest of Cork, and 15-20 minutes drive east from the town of Clonakilty. The village consists of a single long street on the south shore of Courtmacsherry Bay, with thick woods on rising ground behind. The woods (planted by the Earl of Shannon in the late 18th century) continue beyond the village eastwards to the open sea, ending abruptly at Wood Point. Between the village and "The Point" the trees run right to the water's edge and there are several natural bathing coves along the way.
This first bridge was made of wood, and was burned in 1510 by Gearóid Mór FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare.
Biodiversity Information System.
Artivism developed in recent years while the antiwar and anti-globalization protests emerged and proliferated. In most of the cases artivists attempt to push political agendas by the means of art, but the focus on raising social, environmental and technical awareness, has increased exponentially as people has started to lose faith in politics and the current socioeconomic system. Besides using traditional mediums like film and music to raise awareness or push for change, an artivist can also be involved in culture jamming, subvertising, street art, spoken word, protesting and activism.
On June 23, 2009, The Lemonheads released "Varshons" - a collection of eleven covers, including tracks by Gram Parsons, Wire, GG Allin, Christina Aguilera, as well as actress Liv Tyler and model Kate Moss. For many of the tours since 2010, The Lemonheads have included the entire "It's a Shame About Ray" album on the setlist.
Judicial career, retirement, and longevity.
