Biography.
Note: Several mathematicians were mental calculators when they were still children. Mental calculation is not to be confused with mathematics. This section is for child prodigies largely or primarily known for calculating skills.

He expresses some disdain for the Tachikoma tanks, not to mention Batou's penchant for favoring one of the blue tanks. He dismissively refers to one of them as "just a machine", prompting outrage from the Tachikomas in the Section 9 hangar, with one calling him a bigot and another demanding a retraction of the statement. The contentious relationship continues in "Second Gig," when Togusa and a Tachikoma go on a mission to abandoned Tokyo and the goofy little tank serves to mostly get under his skin (before saving it). But despite his dislike for the sentient machines, he is not above spending leisure time with them; he is seen playing "Othello" with one (although the Tachikoma thought they were playing 'Go' and attempts a critical stone capture, exclaiming "Checkmate", to which an exasperated Togusa replies "That's a completely different game!") near the end of an episode.
<doc id="2896510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2896510" title="Contrasta">
and discussion of the broadcasts brought them to the attention of a Mr Sam Gamgee, who subsequently wrote to Tolkien to ask about the origin of the name of the character Sam Gamgee.
Roberto Abbondanzieri


Recently, it was also confirmed by some fans of Banaroo that the members had said they were planning to release a Christmas single, however, this single was never released due to their disbandment in November 2013. Their producer Oliver DeVille also confirmed that, while this was the plan, the single was never even recorded due to the sudden disbandment.
Variations.
The Ten-Point Program.
List of people on stamps of Bhutan
Despite its tiny geographic coverage, there is significant history rooted in Annandale-on-Hudson. Blithewood, a mansion originally designed by an alumnus of the architectural firm of McKim, Mead and White for Andrew Zabriskie in 1899, was donated to Bard College in 1951 by the Zabriskie family. The Blithewood mansion now houses the Levy Economics Institute at Bard College. The Manor Estate is another historical mansion located on campus.
In China, honeydews are known as the Bailan melon; they are a locally famous product near Lanzhou, the capital city of Gansu province in China's northwest. 
Known by his first name only, Fidel Castro is a young leader of an anti-Freedom Party group in Confederate Cuba, working closely with the United States which sends him clandestine shipments of arms and ammunition.
Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould-Plessy (September 7, 1819 – 1897) was a French stage actress. 
The First Man
<doc id="2900660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900660" title="Francisco Miró Quesada Cantuarias">
Christine Gregoire (Washington).
The position taken by the author is that these "rides of Diana" did not actually exist, that they are deceptions, dreams or phantasms.
Robert Sweet (1783–20 January 1835) was an English botanist, horticulturist and ornithologist.
The Earle family was a notable family of artists, businessmen, and statesmen in New England, especially Massachusetts. The family was most prominent from the 17th century to the 19th century. Originally from the English county of Somerset, Ralph Earle settled in Rhode Island in 1638.
The township covers approximately . The township comprises the villages of Wilmette, Kenilworth, Winnetka, Glencoe, and portions of Glenview and Northfield. There is also a small unincorporated area near Winnetka known as Indian Hill because of the nearby country club of the same name.

It was revived in February, 1944 when a delegation from Admiral Mountbatten, the Supreme Commander of the South East Asia Command, reported to the Defence Committee in London. Mountbatten proposed amphibious operations in cooperation with the American South West Pacific Area. "Culverin" would be a necessary first part of this plan. However, the American Joint Chiefs of Staff did not favour this idea. (In part this was because Mountbatten's Deputy Supreme Commander, the American General Joseph Stilwell, had sent a separate mission to Washington to represent his own differing views to the Joint Chiefs of Staff.)
Suddenly a stranger appears. He gives the policeman his business card and takes possession of George. The stranger introduces himself as Ladislas Ingenescu, Registered Historian. George and Ingenescu enter into a long conversation about history, society, and progress. George impatiently demands and Ingenescu obtains for him an interview with a Novian, an Outworlder on Earth to purchase talent. The Outworlder knows Ingenescu personally. He expresses anger at the Registered Historian (why to a Registered Historian, George wonders?) over Earth continually introducing very minor changes to the Tapes—such as the recent addition of the Beeman spectrograph for Metallurgists—necessitating the Outworlds to keep spending money to stay up to date. The Registered Historian introduces George as someone who thinks he may have a better solution. George contends that people can learn in ways other than being Taped, such as by reading books and in discussion with those who already hold the desired knowledge. This baffles the Outworlder, who sees it only as a source of additional expense. He breaks off their conversation. George is dismayed; the Registered Historian offers condolences.
Colin Hunt, Douglas Legg, Ronald Legg, Frank Cole, Robert Norris, Stanley Weston, Lionel Price, Trevor Davies, Malcolm Finlay, Stanley McMeekan, Sydney McMeekan, Alexander Eke, Harry Weston
Titus Pullo
She was born in Bishop Middleham near Sedgefield, County Durham. As a child, she lived with her family in the gatehouse of Elmwood (now the Elmwood Community Centre), Hartburn, County Durham, near Stockton on Tees. Her father, Wilfrid Young, was chauffeur to Col. Kitching (previously being Col. Kitching's batman) who lived at Elmwood for many years after retiring from the army in 1939.
Adult diopsids are typically found on low-lying vegetation in humid areas, often near streams and rivers, where they feed on fungi and bacteria that they scavenge from decaying vegetation. The larvae are saprophagic or phytophagous, eating decaying and fresh plant matter. "Diopsis macrophthalma" Dalman, 1817 is a pest of rice and sorghum in tropical Africa.
<doc id="2904518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2904518" title="De Hoef, Utrecht">
--Junnar has highest number of mountain forts in Maharashtra state Shivneri, Chawand, Nimgiri, Dhakoba, Narayangad, Hadsar, Jivdhan, 
As of 2006 the party remained a valid party in Antigua and Barbuda.
Guardians and priests live near the Streels. Their job is to kill anyone who enters the Streels, since they believe only the evil are drawn to the Streels by God. Shardik descends into the Streels and remains there overnight, and the guardian attempts to kill him, but he escapes and leaves the Streels in the morning. It is understood that he must die, and that there is no reprieve, but it is suggested that his death will be redemptive and that he will accomplish the will of God in dying. 
General elections were held in Antigua and Barbuda on 9 March 1999. The elections were won by the governing Antigua Labour Party. Lester Bird was re-elected Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda. Voter turnout was 63.6%.
