Life in La Esperanza and Intibucá is centered primarily on agriculture, which is the mainstay of most residents, especially the Lenca people. Due to its uniquely cool climate, the department is able to produce products that other departments cannot including potatoes, strawberries and apples. La Esperanza is famous for its daily farmers market which draws vendors and shoppers from around the department. Lenca farmers arrive from the surrounding communities and sell their fruits and vegetables in the street while some La Esperanza residents manage permanent wooden stalls. Produce available includes lettuce, spinach, carrots, cucumbers, broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, potatoes, tomatoes, sweet and hot peppers, yuca, onions, cilantro, apples, blackberries, mangoes, pineapple, bananas, platanos, avocadoes, grapes, peaches and strawberries. The busiest market days are Saturday and Sunday.
Paraguarí is called “The cradle of the National Independence”. In that city on January 13, 1811, the Paraguayans Yegros, Gamarra and Cabañas, with their troops, defeated the Argentine Army, commanded by the General Manuel Belgrano in the battle of Cerro Mbaé or Battle of Paraguarí.
According to the historian Simon Dubnow (1860-1941), Jews are a nation on the spiritual and intellectual level and should strive towards their national and cultural autonomy in the diaspora ("galuth") in some way a secularized and modernized version of the Council of Four Lands under the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. He said, "How then should Jewish autonomy assert itself? It must, of course, be in full agreement with the character of the Jewish national idea. Jewry, as a spiritual or cultural nation, cannot in the Diaspora seek territorial or political separatism, but only a social or a national-cultural autonomy."
Born in Manchi, a village near Babukodi in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in 1929, Karanth's passion for theatre started at an early age. His first tryst with theatre was when he was in standard III – he acted in "Nanna Gopala", a play directed by P.K. Narayana.
Transportation.
Tourism.
Zambot 3, along with the King Beal, are the primary defenses against the Gaizok invasion. Zambot 3 is formed when the Zambird, Zambull and Zambase combine by a sequence called Zambot Combination. There is a separate cockpit for each pilot. In the final battle, the Zambull and Zambase are destroyed in Uchūta and Keiko's successful suicide attack, and the Zambo Ace is damaged beyond repair.
On 16 January 2007 he signed a contract with Isthmian League Premier Division side Worthing to play in one game only, against AFC Wimbledon. The match ended in a 1–1 draw. 
<doc id="2228646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2228646" title="Yes Colombia">
Joaquim Machado de Castro (June 19, 1731 – November 17, 1822) was one of Portugal's foremost sculptors. He wrote extensively on his works and the theory behind them, including a full-length discussion of the statue of D. José I entitled "Descripção analytica da execucão da estatua equestre", Lisbon 1810.


The test was carried out at Harvard University's Jefferson laboratory. A solid sample containing iron (57Fe) emitting gamma rays was placed in the center of a loudspeaker cone which was placed near the roof of the building. Another sample containing 57Fe was placed in the basement. The distance between this source and absorber was 22.5 meters (73.8 ft). The gamma rays traveled through a Mylar bag filled with helium to minimize scattering of the gamma rays. A scintillation counter was placed below the receiving 57Fe sample to detect the gamma rays that were not absorbed by the receiving sample. By vibrating the speaker cone the gamma ray source moved with varying speed, thus creating varying Doppler shifts. When the Doppler shift canceled out the gravitational blueshift, the receiving sample absorbed gamma rays and the number of gamma rays detected by the scintillation counter dropped accordingly. The variation in absorption could be correlated with the phase of the speaker vibration, hence with the speed of the emitting sample and therefore the doppler shift. To compensate for possible systematic errors, Pound and Rebka varied the speaker frequency between 10 Hz and 50 Hz, interchanged the source and absorber-detector, and used different speakers (ferroelectric and moving coil magnetic transducer). The reason for exchanging the positions of the absorber and the detector is doubling the effect. Pound subtracted two experimental results:
History.
Some different soldiers appeared carrying another person, whom the grand dukes finally recognized as their cousin Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich. They were then each escorted arm in arm with a soldier on each side towards a trench that had been dug in the courtyard. As they passed the cathedral of St Peter and St Paul were their ancestors were buried, the Grand Dukes crossed themselves. The prisoners were lined up before the ditch, in which there were already thirteen bodies, Nicholas Mikahilovich who had been carrying his cat handed it to a soldier asking him to look after it. All of the grand dukes faced death with the greatest courage. George and Dimitri prayed quietly, Dimitri for the forgiveness of his murderers “Forgive them, for they know not what they do” seemed to be his last words. Paul, who was very sick, was shot on a stretcher. Grand Dukes Nicholas, George and Dimitri were killed by the same blast. The fusillade of shots sent their bodies reeling into the trench.
The landlord spirit () is a deity worshiped in Chinese folk beliefs, which is analogous but not to be confused with Tu Di Gong. The tablet for the landlord spirit is typically inscribed with (middle two rows) "left: The Earth God of Overseas Tang peoples (Overseas Chinese), right: The dragon of five sides & five lands (Fengshui). The side inscriptions mean "The wealth comes from ten thousand directions and the business comes from thousands of miles." It is believed that the landlord spirit has powers to help gather wealth, and the position of the tablet must be placed properly according to the laws of Feng Shui.
<doc id="2231034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2231034" title="List of birds of Western Australia">

As for the other jerseys, Zabriskie bagged the first green sprinter's jersey, while the winner of the previous year's prologue, Swiss Fabian Cancellara, got the white young rider's jersey.
While most people view employability in absolute terms, focussing on the need for individuals to obtain credentials, knowledge and social status, the concept of employability can also be seen as subjective and dependent on contextual factors. ‘Employability not only depends on whether one is able to fulfil the requirements of specific jobs, but also on how one stands relative to others within a hierarchy of job seekers’ (Brown and Hesketh, 2004). Taking the supply and demand of labour into account challenges the idea that credentials, knowledge and social status alone will guarantee a good position in the labour market.
<doc id="2232208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2232208" title="George Thomson, Lord Thomson">
CESU-8
"Lick It Up" built upon the harder sound Kiss had displayed on 1982's "Creatures of the Night". But while "Creatures of the Night" was a commercial disappointment for Kiss, "Lick It Up" sold much better. It was certified gold on December 22, 1983, the first Kiss album to achieve certification since 1980's "Unmasked". This is partially attributable to the increased publicity the band received after their unmasking.
It marks the beginning of a period of history that saw the introduction of railways to supplement canals and, in the end, superseding them, leading eventually to the Midland Counties Railway. It was also one of the first uses of edge-rails for a wagonway.

Further reading.
Sean Connor
Under the effect of surface tension, the liquid meniscus assumes a semi-spherical shape at the tip of the emitter. Application of the positive voltage formula_6 will induce the electric field:
