11 May (day 2)
Career.

Pathogenesis and anatomy.

Each of the stories by 22 different authors is followed by that author's Afterword and the next story's title, illustration, and introduction. With padding that material consumes four or five pages.
Possession (God album)
Damian Jo Lomax Worrad (born 6 November 1974) was an English cricketer. Worrad was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast. 
<doc id="26638467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26638467" title="Graduate Faculty Philosophy Journal">
<doc id="26639250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26639250" title="Archery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics – Women's Windsor round open">
txtm8 is a free SMS sex and relationships text service for young people (aged 13–25) living in London, United Kingdom. Mobile phone users text 89868 with any question relating to sex and relationships and get a free reply within 30 minutes. Launched in September 2009 by Living Well CIC, the service is currently commissioned by the London boroughs of Hammersmith & Fulham, Kensington & Chelsea, Enfield and Wandsworth.
The college dates back to 1926 when the British government established a farm training center at Yandex, then in Tiv province of the Northern Region.
Professional.
<doc id="26642883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26642883" title="Wheaton College Conservatory of Music">

Cari Batson Thomas is a Rear Admiral in the United States Coast Guard and a 1984 graduate of the U. S. Coast Guard Academy. On Friday January 22, 2010 Thomas was ceremoniously advanced to Rear Admiral (lower half) and became the third recent female commander of the training center to be advanced to a flag officer. Cari Thomas served aboard cutters Vigorous, Valiant, and commanded Manitou. Additionally, other operational assignments included Group-Air Station Atlantic City and as plankowner and Commander, Sector Miami, Response Operations. Some of her responsibilities included transitions to the RB-S, 47’ MLB, 49’ BUSL, and 87’ CPB as well as numerous USCG, joint DOD, and interagency operations in the Northwest Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico, Caribbean, Bahamas, Straits of Florida, New Jersey coast and Delaware Bay. Rear Admiral Thomas also served in the Enlisted Personnel Division of the Personnel Command, Admissions at the Coast Guard Academy, as a Program Reviewer at Headquarters and as the Executive Assistant to the Atlantic Area, Fifth District and Maritime Defense Zone Atlantic Commanders. She was able to gain experience in leading new Department of Homeland Security response regimes, she served two years as the Chief of Staff to Principal Federal Official (PFO), Northeast Region and as the predesignated Deputy PFO, Florida (collateral duty). Completing assignment as the Atlantic Area Resource Director, she reports to Training Center Cape May, her 13th permanent duty station in 24 years of service.

<doc id="26649420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26649420" title="Sense (river)">
Meanings (from the particular to the general)
Policies.

GUIDO Music Notation is a computer music notation format designed to logically represent all aspects of music in a manner that is both computer-readable and easily readable by human beings. It was named after Guido of Arezzo, who pioneered today's conventional musical notation 1 000 years ago.
His best career finish was 13th at a 5 km event in Poland in 2007.

Individual.
Description.
Rune Fredh
<doc id="26659734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26659734" title="Timothy M. Lohman">
List of people from Ávila, Spain
<doc id="26662759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26662759" title="Gavleån">

Manabat began acting in 2009 after joining Star Circle Quest: Search for the Next Kiddie Idol, where she place 3rd Runner-Up in the talent competition. She appeared in several television programmes after that, but her breakthrough role was playing the young Agua and Bendita in the eponymous series. She later received the title role in the teleserye, "Momay". After "Momay" concluded, she appeared in the series "Noah". In 2011, she starred alongside Coney Reyes as the demanding Anna Manalastas in "100 Days To Heaven". On December 26, 2010, Manabat won Best Child Actress of the 36th Metro Manila Film Festival for her role in the comedy film, "Ang Tanging Ina Mo (Last na 'To!)". In 2014, she stars in "Hawak Kamay" with Zaijian Jaranilla, Andrea Brillantes and Piolo Pascual.
Their team of experts believe that new and social technologies, massive amounts of data, and compliance requirements are requiring rapid transformation and modernization in the healthcare industry. They believe that the company's healthcare capabilities in the areas of portal and collaboration, business intelligence and analytics, and enterprise health information exchange will help organizations achieve modernization, integration and efficiency.
The Dunstane Hotel.
Future expansion.
By 1389 England was in the midst of political divisions. King Richard II, favored making peace because the English parliament refused to grant sufficient funds to prosecute the war, the population had twice risen in revolt of the high taxation, and the nobility, led by his uncle the Duke of Gloucester, was attempting to subvert his control over the kingdom. France was also suffering from internal crisis. Charles VI was having recurring attacks of mental illness that paralyzed the government. During the 1380s a series of revolts occurred in the kingdom as a result of high taxation, beginning with the Harelle in 1382. As a result of these difficulties, the two kingdoms had been making attempts to negotiate a peace throughout the decade.
Ion Creangă (born 1883, Corjova) was a Bessarabian politician.

Sigurd Ottovich Schmidt (Russian Сигурд Оттович Шмидт) (15 May 1922 – 22 May 2013) was a Russian historian, ethnographer and teacher.

The Mexican Bobcat ("Lynx rufus escuinapae") is a subspecies of the bobcat, from the cat family Felidae. The Mexican Bobcat is most commonly found in the Mexican states of Sinaloa and Nayarit.
Mike Kempton made his official NASCAR debut in this event while Henley Gray would retire from professional stock car racing as a driver after this event.
Belmont Castle was a neo-Gothic mansion near Grays in the English county of Essex. Built circa 1795 to designs by the little-known Thomas Jeffery, and surrounded by extensive pleasure grounds, it was the most prominent building in the parish, but was demolished in 1943 to make way for a chalk quarry. The castle and its occupants had played a significant role in the town's life for over a hundred years. 
the Harvard Graduate School of Education. She is a founding partner of the consulting company, Firefly Education LLC.
Abhijit Pandya
The Rockers (band)
Rufus May
In 408 he was "comes sacrarum largitionum" at the Eastern court. In 413 he was Roman consul together with Heraclianus, but his name is recorded only on Eastern inscriptions.
2003), Journal of Industrial Economics (since 1999), Journal ofInstitutional and Theoretical 
Michigan Challenge Balloonfest
Establishment.
Biography.
Motivated forgetting and repressed memories have become a very controversial issue within the court system. Courts are currently dealing with historical cases, in particular a relatively new phenomenon known as historic child sexual abuse (HCSA). HCSA refers to allegations of child abuse having occurred several years prior to the time at which they are being prosecuted.
In 2007, she wrote the op-ed "Western women's defeat," in which she wrote that it is not strange that Africans rape women when they come to Norway and experience how worthless a woman's sexuality is in Western culture, where women are sexual objects and fair game according to Herland. Herland concludes: "In a country that is increasingly characterized by a deterioration of traditional values, the woman sits drunk and alone in bars at night in miniskirts – and thinks she's free." In the 2007 op-ed "Rasismen mot hvite," Herland claimed that the predominant form of racism in today's Norway is "the racism against white people." In 2009, she said that feminism had created many ugly Norwegian women, and that she understood men who preferred Russian and Thai brides.
Studies on adult patients demonstrated that gross total resection or even extended lesionectomy could greatly improve seizure prognosis.
!colspan=9| 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament
Canceled
He was re-elected as president on October 13, 2009.

The Bloukrans Bridge spanning the river is home to the world's highest commercial bungee jump, the Bloukrans Bridge Bungy operated by Face Adrenalin, at 233 m.
<doc id="26694686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26694686" title="William St Clair">
The Maps and the Internet Commission of the International Cartographic Association (or simply "Maps and the Internet Commission") was created in 1999 as one of the standing commissions of the International Cartographic Association. It promotes multi-national cartographic research in order to solve problems related to web-based cartography. The commission enhances cartographic education related to the Internet. In addition, the commission promotes professional and technical standards for maps available through the Internet. 



