
<doc id="19022778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19022778" title="Christopher York">
Philipp Zeller
The camera has Live View, which allows photographers to use the LCD screen as the viewfinder. Because the sensor mirror needs to be in the locked position (see Live preview), shutter noise is reduced in this mode.
International Clinical, Operational, and Health Services Research and Training Award
The US Government views artists that give concerts and sell merchandise as a business. Bands that tour internationally will also face a plethora of legislation around the world including health and safety laws, immigration laws and tax legislation. Also, many relationships are governed by often complex contractual agreements.
"On the Line: Readings in the Short Fiction of Clark Blaise, John Metcalf, and Hugh Hood "(1982)
Opinsky leads the corporate and public affairs groups at Powell Tate and is a principle in Weber Shandwick’s global corporate communication practice. In addition to his direct client work, he is responsible for developing new business strategies for crisis, corporate, and public affairs clients across all business sectors.
Ząb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poronin, within Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Poronin, north of Zakopane, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The type species P. longirostris (initially placed in "Odontopteryx") is known from an incomplete but quite well preserved fossil skull of unknown age and origin; it was bought from a merchant who had acquired it from a sailor returning from Brazil, but the specimen is widely presumed to be actually from the North Sea region. It is tentatively assigned an Eocene age, if only due to the fact that suitable lagerstätten of different age were not known when the specimen was discovered. If not from Europe however, its age is truly undeterminable. A pseudotooth bird's lower right dentary piece (specimen YPM 4617) from near Charleston, South Carolina (USA) – apparently dredged up from near the source of the Stono River – was provisionally assigned to "P. longirostris" as it closely matches the holotype in size and appearance. At first the South Carolina fossil was believed to be from the Early Miocene Hawthorne Formation, but in fact no Hawthorne Formation sediments were known in the Charleston region when the fossil was found. Consequently, modern authors consider a Chattian (Late Oligocene) age more likely and suggest the fossil came from the Cooper or Chandler Bridge Formation. Some fossil remains from the Middle Miocene Bahía Inglesa Formation of Chile were prematurely affiliated with "P. longirostris" in error; they are, if anything, of "Pelagornis". 
<doc id="19028759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19028759" title="Massimo Mascioletti">
Early career.
Bibliography.
Geography and culture as influences on abductor descriptions.
Gadawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Busko-Zdrój and south of the regional capital Kielce.
Płośnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gnojno, north-east of Busko-Zdrój, and south-east of the regional capital Kielce.
Podlesie, Gmina Czarna
In 1979, Itano became the first Japanese American admitted to the United States National Academy of Sciences (in the Genetics section). Itano was an emeritus professor of pathology at the University of California, San Diego. Itano died in La Jolla, California of complications from Parkinson's disease.

<doc id="19032977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19032977" title="Bukowina, Jarosław County">
The village has a population of 280.
