"Himala" is the story of Elsa, a barrio lass whose supposed visions of the Virgin Mary change her life, turning her into an overnight sensation and causing mass hysteria in a poor, isolated northern Philippine village suffering from a drought. The film is centred on the issues of religious faith and faithlessness, morality, and truth. As Elsa, Aunor delivered the film's most iconic line in the climax:
Like many towns in this area of Victoria it relies heavily on its fruit production, food processing and farming and a large food processing plant lies in the centre of the town.
Pyle attended New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois, where he wrestled and threw the discus and shot put in addition to playing football. He was an Illinois state wrestling champion in 1957 in the heavyweight division. He also won a state championship in 1957 for his efforts with the discus and set a state record on his way to winning the shot put title, as well.
Line Beauchamp (born February 24, 1963) is a female Quebec politician. She served as the Liberal Member of the National Assembly (MNA) for the Sauvé riding, and for Bourassa-Sauvé at the Quebec National Assembly from November 30, 1988 to May 14, 2012. 
Best Rock Video.
3. The claimant, the District Court, and the Court of Appeals also criticize the use of Dr. Leavitt as a medical adviser. Inasmuch as medical advisers are used in approximately 13% of disability claim hearings, comment as to this practice is indicated. We see nothing "reprehensible" in the practice, as the claimant would describe it. The trial examiner is a layman; the medical adviser is a board-certified specialist. He is used primarily in complex cases for explanation of medical problems in terms understandable to the layman-examiner. He is a neutral adviser. This particular record discloses that Dr. Leavitt explained the technique and significance of electromyography. He did offer his own opinion on the claimant's condition. That opinion, however, did not differ from the medical reports. Dr. Leavitt did not vouch for the accuracy of the facts assumed in the reports. No one understood otherwise. See Doe v. Department of Transportation. We see nothing unconstitutional or improper in the medical adviser concept and in the presence of Dr. Leavitt in this administrative hearing. 
After leaving Calgary, for several years Nicholson wrestled in Puerto Rico and other areas of the Caribbean, where he was given the ring name Hannibal by IWA office member Bushwhacker Luke. He has also participated in World Wrestling Entertainment's Deep South Wrestling and appeared on their TV show. He has wrestled for many independent companies across Canada. In June 2005 he took on Heidenreich at Rexall Place in Edmonton in a match that aired on WWE Smackdown. In Puerto Rico he defeated Ricky Banderas for the IWA Intercontinental title in 2005. He also feuded with Thunder and Lightning and with his tag team partner Mr. Big. At the end of his IWA run Hannibal became a babyface before switching to the WWC. In his first tour with the WWC in December 2005 he wrestled James Storm. He participated and a WWE try-out in Buffalo, New York in late December 2005. He faced Gavin Spears in his try-out match.
22nd Hong Kong Film Awards
Emboliform nucleus

Seiji Oko (大古　誠司 "Ōko Seiji ", born 15 February 1948) is a former volleyball player from Japan, who was a member of the Japan Men's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
2009: U.S. Navy Blue Angels
Wind power has a history in Canada dating back many decades, particularly on prairie farms. As of May, 2014, wind power generating capacity was 8,517 megawatts (MW), providing about 3% of Canada's electricity demand. The Canadian Wind Energy Association has outlined a future strategy for wind energy that would reach a capacity of 55,000 MW by 2025, meeting 20% of the country’s energy needs.
Another notable member was Cardinal Francesco Alidosi (1455–1511), who was a friend of Pope Julius II.
Corn Du
Liebegott is the managing director at RADAR Productions a non-profit in San Francisco whose mission is to "give voice to innovative queer and outsider writers and artists whose work authentically reflects the LGBTQA community's diverse experiences." RADAR Productions holds an annual artists' retreat in Mexico that Liebegott helps run. In addition, she is the founding editor at Writers Among Artists whose first publication, "Faggot Dinosaur", was released in 2012.
LIPNUR Belalang
<doc id="10831257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10831257" title="Mi Lu Bing">
Neil Young recently announced a new part of the archives, known as the "Special Edition Series". To date, one album has been announced in this series: "Toast", a previously unreleased album recorded in 2000.
Britannia Youngstown is a residential neighbourhood in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Originally part of the Town of Jasper Place, it became part of Edmonton when Jasper Place amalgamated with Edmonton in 1964.
http://www.newsobserver.com/2013/04/20/2836399/review-fancy-free-and-carolina.html
<doc id="10835090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10835090" title="St Thomas More RC College">
<doc id="10836155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10836155" title="Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park">
Books.
Education.
Helen Macfarlane
Theatrically, The B-Girlz have performed everywhere from universities, clubs and benefits and have helped raise over $60,000 for charity through their annual signature event, "Homo Night in Canada".
Bassist-vocalist Chris Murphy described the song as being "about suicide", and said, "We sort of breeze through it like it's a cutesy number, but the lyrics are heavy." One lyric makes reference to Ringo Starr's song "Photograph".
C. C. Torbert, Jr.

"Stonedhenge" was remastered and reissued in 2002 with several bonus tracks:
