The corn mill to the north of Hothfield still retains most of its machinery. It stood on a stream which feeds into the Great Stour. The cast iron overshot waterwheel is diameter and wide, carried on a square cast iron axle, driving a cast iron Pit Wheel with 88 cogs. This drove acast iron wallower carried on a square cast iron Upright Shaft, which also carried a diameter Great Spur Wheel which originally drove four pair of millstones and latterly drove two pairs.
Biography.

It reached number #2 on the Billboard R&B Chart; noted among Loose Ends fans as one of their finest efforts it was also one of their biggest hits.
In 1998, his "Christie's World Encyclopedia of Champagne & Sparkling Wine" became the only wine book to warrant a leader in a UK national newspaper ("The Guardian", 14 October 1998), when he published for the first time ever a 17th-century document proving that the English used a second fermentation to convert still wines into sparkling at least six years before Dom Pérignon arrived at the Abbey of Hautvillers, and almost 40 years before the French claim that sparkling Champagne was invented. 
Surat.
Based upon Warrington's Cycle facility of the month, Eye Books produced a book called "Crap Cycle Lanes" showing 50 of the worst facilities.
Her choice to film in the Kingdom met some resistance. In discussion, Bigelow found that her cast and crew shared stereotypes of the region from American culture. “Sadly people in America and Los Angeles have these perceptions,” she said. “But once you get off the plane you realise it's like Manhattan without the trees,” she continued. As Iraq dominates discourse in America and across the world, Bigelow believes filmmakers will continue to explore the conflict, making Jordan the natural place to film.
Works.
The SuperWASP project announced an extrasolar planet, WASP-7b, orbiting this star in 2008. The planet appears to be another hot Jupiter, a dense planet with Jupiter's mass orbiting very close to a hot star and thus emitting enough heat to "shine".
