
Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Valī-ye ‘Aşr and Shahrak-e Valī‘aşr) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,689, in 1,151 families. 
Since its founding in 1950, the Western Golf Association's Par Club has been one of the most important and substantial revenue streams for the Evans Scholars Foundation. There are more than 26,000 Par Club members, many of whom belong to the 383 WGA member clubs across the country. Par Club members donate more than $11 million each year.
Slyudyanka () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Estahraq
Jet Job is a 1952 American adventure film directed by William Beaudine and starring Stanley Clements, Elena Verdugo and John Litel.
Szczecin agglomeration



1893 Storm.
San Francisco, 1870: Ada Stritch owns a bank, but there's a run on it. She needs $3 million to keep it open. In desperation, she turns to a wealthy man she despises, Rip MacCool.
Trevor Briggs (birth registered July→September 1946 — 3 October 2013 (aged 67)) birth registered in Leeds district, was a police officer, and professional rugby league and amateur rugby union footballer of the 1960s and '70s, playing club level rugby league (RL) for Kippax ARLFCand Castleford, and playing club level rugby union (RU) for Castleford RUFC[http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/castlefordrugbyunion under an assumed name.
As a young man he was one of the first followers of Saint-Simon.
McCandless Crossing
Deh-e Bad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Deh-e Bād-e ‘Olyā and Deh Bad Olya; also known as Deh Bād) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 37 families. 
Books
Bank of place names of Commission de toponymie du Québec (Geographical Names Board of Québec) reports 17 toponyms “Lake Roberge” in Quebec. In general, these toponyms have an ethnocentric origin, being associated with people using surname Roberge.
Dr. Karkazis received her PhD in medical and cultural anthropology, and a Masters in Public Health in maternal and child health, from Columbia University. She has an undergraduate degree in Public Policy from Occidental College. Karkazis has since completed postdoctoral training in empirical bioethics at Stanford Center for Biomedical Ethics where she holds the position of Senior Research Scholar.
Port Authority investigation.

GAD (band)


Production.
<doc id="41596283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41596283" title="Maria Teresa of St. Joseph">

Kenneth Horton
Plot.
<doc id="41599319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41599319" title="Hyalurga subafflicta">
Honda Sprocket
Concur Technologies,

Apsilus is a genus of snappers native to the Atlantic Ocean, with these currently recognized species:
<doc id="41603610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41603610" title="Espen Wensaas">
Aftermath.
Accoridng to Leila K. Norakoof the University of Rochester, "in addition to her appearances in literature, television, and film, Morgan le Fay is also frequently mentioned in the context of neo-pagan religious groups. She is alternately worshipped as a goddess, hailed as a symbol of feminine power, and adopted as a spiritual name. (...) Many of these groups cite Marion Zimmer Bradley as an influence in their discovery of Morgan le Fay, and seem inspired by Bradley’s attempts to reclaim this character from her consistently negative portrayal in older works."
