Centule was a great participant in the Gregorian reform and he maintained excellent relations with the Holy See. He made many donations to the church and initiated the construction of the church of Santa Fe de Morlaas, the first romanesque edifice in Béarn. Pope Gregory VII referred to him as an "amator justitiae", lover of justice; "defensor pauperum", defender of the poor; and "propagator pacis", propagator of the peace. Towards 1060, Centule married a relative of his, probably a cousin, possibly a daughter of Bernard II of Gascony, named Gisela (Gisla), with whom he had two children, his heir Gaston IV and a daughter named Osquinette. The pope, however, exhorted him to break the marriage on grounds of consanguinity, which he obediently did (1074), founding, in penitence, a priory at Morlaas dependent on the Abbey of Cluny.

Notable people from the community include Michele Taina Audette, the current president of the Native Women's Association of Canada, Florent Vollant and Claude McKenzie of the musical group Kashtin, and Jonathan Genest-Jourdain, the current federal Member of Parliament for Manicouagan.

In research based in metamaterials, and specifically negative refractive index, there are different types of split-ring resonators. Of the examples mentioned below most all of them have a gap in each ring. In other words, with a double ring structure, each ring has a gap.
Professional career.
<doc id="8851041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8851041" title="Vincent Strambi">
Copyright was automatic and not subject to registration; in fact, a long-ignored registration paragraph of the 1928 law had been abolished already in 1959. Copyright arose with the creation of the work. As before, the only requirements for a copyright were that the work was creative and existed in an objective form on the territory of the USSR. If a work met these two conditions, it was copyrighted regardless of the nationality of the author. Works of Soviet authors were copyrighted in all cases, even if they existed only abroad or were first published outside of the Soviet Union. The list of copyrightable works in the law was only indicative, but included explicitly for the first time also sound recordings ("mechanical or magnetic recording"). Oral works such as speeches were copyrightable works, although such copyrights were virtually unenforceable in practice and largely nullified anyway by a "free use" provision allowing their free reproduction. Architectural works were also copyrighted, but that copyright extended only to the plans, blueprints, and models, not to the actual building itself. Photographs still were subject to the rule from the 1928 Fundamentals that they needed to be marked with the name of the studio, its address, and the year in order to be copyrighted. Employees for the first time were granted a copyright on works they created as part of their duties, but their right to remuneration was limited to their salary. Legal documents and in general works created by civil servants in their line of duty were not subject to copyright.

Upward to bring us fame;
Biography.

