<doc id="7852555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7852555" title="Bordoisila">
History.

The station began broadcasting from a transmitter located at the water plant across from Confederate Park near First and Main streets. The station was owned by the city government. WJAX was also an FM station on 95.1 and played album rock throughout the 1970s. The company that purchased WJAX-FM from the city in the early 1980s also owned WAPE 690 AM, which is now WOKV. When the deal was done, the WAPE call letters took over the spot at 95.1 and for a short while simulcast their top 40 format on both AM and FM spots. The call sign languished unused for years, but have now made a comeback on the AM dial as a station owned and operated by Jones College. The original WJAX at 930 am is now WFXJ.
Message and teachings.
His industry, zeal, keen power of analysis, candor and fair-mindedness won the confidence of all with whom he came into contact except the literary charlatans whose romances he was bent on destroying in the interest of the verities of history.
Other parasites.
Danny shares his flat with colleague Helen Flynn until she is killed in the second episode of series 1. Soon thereafter fellow junior officer Zoe Reynolds becomes his new flatmate. She and Danny work well together and develop a strong friendship. Danny would like their relationship to deepen, but Zoe falls in love with photographer Will North, to whom she becomes engaged. Danny is unhappy, but his desire for Zoe to be happy overcomes his jealousy; when she is forced into exile in Chile, he disobeys orders by telling her fiancé Will where she has gone.
Dan D'Autremont
Katrina Bowden
Due to the September 11th attacks, the game was moved to December 1. This marked the first time since 1947 - when the Alabama legislature forced a game between the two - that Auburn played a team after Alabama in the Iron Bowl during the regular season. For LSU, the game marked the first time since 1991 that the Tigers played a team other than Arkansas as the final game of the regular season. Prior to Arkansas joining the SEC, LSU traditionally closed its season against in-state rival Tulane Green Wave. However, with the Florida-Tennessee game also having to move to that particular weekend due to the terrorist attacks, members of the news media joked that a silver lining on the break-up of the traditional season-finale rivalry games was that the SEC now had a rare, de facto semifinal playoff round to go with its conference title game, because the winners of both the Auburn-LSU and Florida-Tennessee games would advance to the SEC's title game. LSU and Tennessee won that weekend.
Markus Büchel (14 May 1959 – 9 July 2013) was a former head of government of Liechtenstein.

In Versam about 78.9% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").

<doc id="7862102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7862102" title="Hefutoxin">
Object Definition Language
<doc id="7863793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7863793" title="Molecular solid">
Clearly all shift matrices are nilpotent; an "n" by "n" shift matrix "S" becomes the null matrix when raised to the power of its dimension "n".
Al Khalifa was assigned the seat as Minister of Cabinet Affairs in September 2005. His portfolio included the Civil Service Bureau (CSB), Central Informatics Organisation (CIO), the e-Government Authority (EGA), Telecommunications including Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA), Bahrain Internet Exchange (BIX) and the Bahrain Institute of Public administration (BIPA). He was heavily involved in the National Economic Strategy (NES) 2030 and was the leader for the Portfolio Office covering all programs and projects in his domain.
Elsewhere in Canada

Nottingham won by 125 runs.<br>
<doc id="7868046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7868046" title="William Gropper">

On December 23, 2011, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, then 90 years of age, underwent successful coronary angioplasty and stenting at Papworth Hospital.
Muscle Shoals to Music Row LIVE- 2 hour LIVE broadcast/webcast featuring top artists and songwriters from Muscle Shoals, music row, and around the world. Live program airs once per month on a Thursday night and past show are rebroadcast on the air the remaining Thursday nights of the month from 8-10pm CST. www.ms2mr.com

Liga Bet North B
The municipality lies at an altitude of 514 metres and covers an area of 10.665 km². It has a population of about 130 people.
9 episodes:
"None this tide,"
"Final Fantasy X-2 International + Last Mission Original Soundtrack".
2002 - Actress in a supporting role as Karla Cancino in the TV production of Salome, a soap opera produced by Juan Osorio for Televisa.
1953 - The Society celebrates its Centenary, holding assets of £11.7 million. 
1837 match list
Social activities.
Bowler played a variety of bit parts and single episode roles throughout the 1960s. He featured in one episode of "The Avengers" and starred alongside James Caan in the 1968 war film Submarine X-1, about World War II British midget submarines.

<doc id="7878054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7878054" title="Slave Pit Inc.">
<doc id="7878423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7878423" title="Heresy (disambiguation)">
Note: Although, the songs he sang were never officially released, sadly, as he's signed as an actor on his contract and not a singer.
Aeolian Hall located at 135-137 New Bond Street, began life as the Grosvenor Gallery, being built by Sir Coutts Lindsay in 1876, an accomplished amateur artist, with a predeliction for the aesthetic movement, for which he was held up to some ridicule. In 1883, he decided to light his gallery with electricity. An outhouse became a substation, and equipment was installed in the basement, which upset some of the neighbours, and caused others to buy electricity from him. Thus began the system of electrical distribution in use today, but the threat of fire ended these activities, and by 1890, Lindsay was forced to sell out to the Grosvenor Club. By 1903 the whole building was taken over by the Orchestrelle Company of New York (the Aeolian Company). As manufacturers of musical instruments, and especially the mechanical piano-player known as the pianola, they converted the space into offices, a showroom, and a concert hall.
Henry Alfred Krishnapillai
Kominsky owned another copy published by the "Ultra-Rightist women of the Burbank, California area who call themselves the American Public Relations Forum, Inc." That copy included an introduction by Charles Stickley and with additional items by Usher L. Burdick, claiming a publication date of 1955. Goff asserted Stickley plagiarized him, and that he had seen yet another publication which had done so. Nonetheless, the Goff version is replete with Hubbardisms, from 'Thinkingness' to 'Mental Image Picture' to 'PDH' for 'Pain Drug Hypnosis', plus all known Goff versions feature multiple references to 'Dianetics'.


Meleager of Gadara, in his "Garland", includes her among the most distinguished Greek singers. Antipater of Thessalonica ranks her among the nine poets who deserved the honor to compete with the Muses.

Politics.
