Various countries including Algeria, Argentina, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Egypt, Iran, Lebanon, Malaysia, Morocco, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, and Uruguay have shown interest in the JF-17. Some analysts have said the market for the aircraft is limited. , the JF-17 has yet to attract any export orders; AVIC has also pursued development of its more capable Shenyang J-31, which is intended as a cheaper alternative and competitor to the American F-35.
As Chief Justice, Roberts also serves in a variety of non-judicial roles, including Chancellor of the Smithsonian Institution and leading the Judicial Conference of the United States. Perhaps the best known of these is the custom of the Chief Justice administering the oath of office at Presidential inaugurations. Roberts debuted in this capacity at the inauguration of Barack Obama on January 20, 2009. (As a Senator, Obama had voted against Roberts's confirmation to the Supreme Court, making the event doubly a first: the first time a president was sworn in by someone whose confirmation he opposed.) Things did not go smoothly. According to columnist Jeffrey Toobin:

Dir: Indhu Rubasingham
The Princeton City School District was established in 1955, combining Cresentville, Evendale, Sharonville, Glendale, Stewart, Runyan, Woodlawn and Springdale School Districts. Only Sharonville and Glendale had high schools. 3 years after the merger of the 8 districts, a kind donation of land from Marianna Matthews allowed the building of Princeton High School, the current building that stands on Chester Road in Sharonville. The auditorium was named after the Matthews in honor of their donation. The current middle school, Princeton Community Middle School, was then built. All new elementary schools were built by the end of January 2008 for each city/village and the 2009 bond levy passage is allowing a new high school/middle school to be built on the current site of the middle school. That building is projected to open for the 2013-2014 school year.
<doc id="1929841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1929841" title="Judenplatz">
Astrojax was invented by physics graduate student Larry Shaw in 1987. It first appeared on the market in 1994, when it was sold through The Nature Company, under the name of "Orbit Balls." Over the next several years it won a number of toy awards. In 2000 Astrojax was acquired by Active People, a Swiss company specializing in yo-yos, juggling toys, kites and open-ended toys such as Bilibo. In 2003 corporate chains such as Target, Walmart, KB Toys, and Toys-R-Us started to carry the product.
East of Lombardy, the Republic of Venice was infected in 1630–31. The city of Venice was severely hit, with recorded casualties of 46,000 people out of a population of 140,000. Some historians believe the drastic loss of life, and its impact on commerce, ultimately resulted in the downfall of Venice as a major commercial and political power. The papal city of Bologna lost an estimated 15,000 citizens to the plague, with neighboring smaller cities of Modena and Parma also being heavily affected. This outbreak of plague also spread north into Tyrol, an alpine region of western Austria and northern Italy. 
As with many school songs, this song has been parodied by Cornell students and non-students alike for decades. The lyrics for one common parody are as follows:

Celtics–Lakers rivalry

As of February 21, 2009, registration on the domain ztnetstore.com expired, further reducing the likelihood of an eventual ship date. On March 11, 2009, registration expired on the main ztnet.com domain, eliminating the possibility of contacting site owner Zachary Williams via email.
For a nucleus of mass number A, the radius r is (approximately)
Mark Anson's novel "Below Mercury" is set in an abandoned ice mine below Chao Meng-fu crater.
112. William Bentinck, 2nd Duke of Portland (father of 56)
Hallam had a bad rep of not taking his medicine regularly, nor was he doing the proper exercises required to build strength and motor capabilities. After a couple of years of criticism as well as lack of motivation to do what was right in order to have a successful hand transplant, Clint Hallam decided to ask for the hand to be re-amputated.
Albany Choppers
<doc id="1933577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1933577" title="Wide boy">

Hairy Maclary
Roger Kwok Chun-on is Hong Kong television actor who works on the TV station TVB. Kwok was born in Hong Kong and his native family roots are in Zhongshan, Guangdong. Kwok used to be a singer before becoming an actor.
Reno then began feuding solely with Vito, which was intensified when it was revealed that Reno was, in storyline, dating Vito's sister. It was also revealed that Reno and Vito were, in storyline, brothers. Both men subsequently became allies on the December 4 edition of "Nitro" when Vito saved Reno from being attacked by KroniK. They formed a tag team soon after, but the team came to an end quickly at Starrcade when Reno turned on Vito during their match with KroniK. He then revealed that he was the one who paid off KroniK to attack him in the previous weeks. Their feud culminated at Sin, which saw Reno pin Vito.
Double Diapason 16,
Under the Burji Mamelukes the Franks again attacked Alexandria (1416), and the laws against Jewish customs were once more strictly enforced by Sheik al-Mu'ayyid (1412–21); by Ashraf Bars Bey (1422–38); by Al-Ẓahir Jaḳmaḳ (1438–53); and by Ḳa'iṭ-Bey (1468–95). The lastnamed is referred to by Obadiah of Bertinoro (O. p. 53). The Jewish community of Cairo was compelled to pay 75,000 gold pieces.
