Another type of syndemic relationship involves one disease enhancing the virulence of another. There is evidence, for example, that herpesvirus has this effect on HIV infection, with progression to AIDS being significantly accelerated by co-infection with herpesvirus. Similarly, in gum infection, periodontal bacteria may enhance the virulence of herpesvirus. In addition, HIV-infected individuals are more susceptible to tuberculosis even though the cause is not fully understood.
Magic Realm is a fantasy adventure board game designed by Richard Hamblen and published by Avalon Hill in 1979. "Magic Realm" is more complex than many wargames and is somewhat similar to a role-playing game. It can be played solitaire or with up to 16 players and game time can last 4 hours or more. The game board is a type of geomorphic mapboard constructed of large double-sided hexagon tiles, ensuring a wide variety of playing surfaces.
The name "Marathonisi" translates to "fennel-island", as the herb fennel it was naturally growing on this island.
Bennett was born on 28 October 1970 in Hamilton. He attended St John's College, Hamilton before gaining an LLB and a BCA from Victoria University of Wellington. Bennett owns two dairy farms near Te Awamutu, and has also worked as an accountant for KPMG, in Auckland.

Vanguard was the first integrated school in Marion County.
Matsura candidly disclosed that he suffered from tuberculosis, but Okanogan was profoundly shocked when he died suddenly on June 16, 1913 at the age of only 39. Matsura was a respected and beloved figure in this frontier region that he documented with his camera. His funeral attracted more than three hundred Native American and pioneer mourners. A newspaper article which appeared in the June 20, 1913 edition of the "Okanogan Independent" states in part:
Roland, a Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania native who graduated from California State University, Long Beach in 1964, began his broadcasting career in the 1960s. His first major assignment was for NBC News in Los Angeles in 1966. From there, he was hired as a reporter by KTTV, where he covered the Robert F. Kennedy assassination and the Charles Manson trial, and then went to sister station WNEW-TV (now WNYW) in New York City beginning in December, 1969. He remained with channel 5 for the remainder of his broadcasting career.
! 3045
Junior career.
John Phelps was given instructions for "matting the room in which they were to meet, and for fitting it up so that it might be very warm. At a later period Henry Scobell, clerk of Parliament, was required to deliver to John Phelps all papers and books returned from Scotland touching delinquents and sequestrations."
Lamin Thos. (and wharfinger)

Amiga version.
Joseph-Michel Dutens (October 15, 1765 in Tours, France – August 6, 1848) was a French engineer and political economist.

AutoPatcher Update releases were incremental; All of the previous Update releases since the latest Core release need to be installed first. Thus, the order in which to install the releases became:
Z.
On October 26, 1971, the Fluvanna Board of Supervisors sued C&O to keep the railway in operation. However, the Interstate Commerce Commission permitted C&O to proceed with plans to close the line. On August 1, 1973, the final train made its round trip on the route. After a one-year delay by the Environmental Protection Agency, the Virginia Air Line was officially abandoned on November 3, 1975. The remaining tracks were removed by August 25, 1978. On September 2, 1987, C&O itself was merged into CSX Transportation.
While still in detention, The Tipton Three had filed "habeas corpus" petitions, which were consolidated under "Rasul v. Bush" (2004). All the detainees had been prevented from seeing or contacting legal counsel and challenging their detention before a tribunal, under "habeas corpus." Two other major cases of "habeas corpus" petitions were consolidated under "Rasul v. Bush," including "Habib v. Bush" and "Al-Odah v. United States". In a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court, made in June 2004 after their release, it determined that detainees were covered by the jurisdiction of US courts and had constitutional rights, including the right to counsel and to "habeas corpus". Following that, the United States Department of Defense (DOD) devised the Combatant Status Review Tribunal (CSRT) to evaluate whether detainees qualified as enemy combatants, and military commissions to try charges against them. CSRTs were held beginning in 2004.
Peter Richardson
In 1994, a $10 million civil lawsuit was filed against Sogyal Rinpoche. It was alleged that he had used his position as a spiritual leader to induce one of his female students to have sexual relations with him. The complaint included accusations of infliction of emotional distress, breach of fiduciary duty, as well as assault and battery. The lawsuit was settled out of court. Related allegations were later introduced by journalist Mary Finnigan, who was also the main author of the original article in 1995.
<doc id="2703670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2703670" title="Ethiopian Democratic League">
Q96 began life on 1 September 1992, broadcasting from Paisley as a local radio station for Paisley, and Renfrewshire. Despite being centralised on Paisley, Scotland's largest town, the many commuters from Renfrewshire into Glasgow, as well as Glasgow and Dunbartonshire's proximity allowed the signal to be easily received in those areas and as such it received listeners from these areas.
Gemma Louise Atkinson (born 16 November 1984) is an English actress, television personality and glamour and lingerie model.

Pike National Forest is managed in association with San Isabel National Forest and Comanche National Grassland in Colorado, as well as Cimarron National Grassland in Kansas and is headquartered in Pueblo, Colorado. There are local ranger district offices located in Colorado Springs, Fairplay and Morrison.
Truby argues that most teachers of screenwriting emphasize inner transformation of the characters but not the moral effect their actions have on others. He is critical of Syd Field's three-act “Paradigm” and has instead crafted his own 22-step outline. Truby's first book "The Anatomy of Story: 22 Steps to Becoming a Master Storyteller" was published in October, 2007 by Faber and Faber.
Some funerary fields were located in this particular area and A. Meuwese mentions that a small “heathen” temple supposedly stood at a past bend in the Aa River, but it had been swallowed by the river. The story goes that on Christmas night, one can hear church bells ring at this location. Similar stories have been reported near other funerary fields.
It is also called "linienförmige Zugbeeinflussung".

Huang Faggui 1961 to May 1967
A film version has been in development, due to the success of the first book and film, but was delayed after the September 11 attacks.
Renal (kidney) defects are seen in approximately 50 percent of patients with VACTERL association. In addition, up to 35 percent of patients with VACTERL association have a single umbilical artery (there are usually two arteries and one vein) which is often associated with additional kidney or urologic problems. Renal abnormalities in VACTERL association can be severe, with incomplete formation of one or both kidneys or urologic abnormalities such as obstruction of outflow of urine from the kidneys or severe reflux (backflow) of urine into the kidneys from the bladder. These problems can cause kidney failure early in life and may require kidney transplant. Many of these problems can be corrected surgically before any damage can occur.
Geography.

In the early hours of 5 May, the situation was that there was very little food left and water for only a few days, all other allied forces in all of southern Norway had been withdrawn or had surrendered and Hegra Fortress was the last remaining pocket of resistance south of Nordland. At 05:00, Major Holtermann had his men assemble in the tunnels and relayed to them his decision to surrender the fortress. In a short speech, he thanked them for their efforts and then led them in singing the Norwegian National Anthem. By 05:25, the white flag was raised over the fortress, and at 06:30 a force of 60 German soldiers and three officers— led by one "Hauptmann" Giebel— arrived to accept the surrender. Later that day, 190 men and one woman marched out of the fortress and into captivity. At the surrender, the garrison at Hegra Fortress consisted of 14 officers, one technical officer, seven sergeants, one officer cadet, six corporals, 161 privates and nurse Anne Margrethe Bang.

Břehy (Pardubice District)
Africa
Joseph Bensoua called it "slow-moving space junk... Its 81-minute length, economical (make that cheap) sets and talky script give it a texture that's more akin to a "Twilight Zone" episode -- only not as good." Rick Lyman, similarly, described the movie as "a lazy, whimsical sci-fier," while sympathizing with Max, "an outer-space Holden Caulfield - young, confused, yearning to get away from his strict surroundings and cut loose in the big city (in this case, the planet Earth). His performance is the best thing about the movie. His Max is hopelessly sweet and naïve, way too trusting for his own good. He's the only character in the movie exhibiting the least bit of compassion or tenderness."
The novel "Starfire" by Paul Preuss, about a near-future spacecraft making a close encounter with the sun, appears to have a connection with this movie.
Baseball career.
Hengoed railway station is part of the Valley Lines network. Around 85 trains call at the station every weekday. From the station, trains run southbound to Cardiff Central. Services operate northbound to Rhymney. Passenger services are operated by Arriva Trains Wales.
Erec and Enide
Great frigatebirds will attempt kleptoparasitism, chasing other nesting seabirds (boobies and tropicbirds in particular) in order to make them regurgitate their food. This behaviour is not thought to play a significant part of the diet of the species, and is instead a supplement to food obtained by hunting. A study of great frigatebirds stealing from masked boobies estimated that the frigatebirds could at most obtain 40% of the food they needed, and on average obtained only 5%.
Rediffusion Singapore was added in to StarHub TV in October 2010 as RediGold, the first FM channel to hit cable TV. But due to declining listenership, Rediffusion announced that it will cease transmission on 1 May 2012, and its channel on StarHub TV will also cease at the same time. It is expected to resume transmission in 2013.
Increasing European settlement in Gippsland dispossessed the indigenous Kurnai people, who were progressively forced off their land to make was for pastoral activities. Relations between Europeans and the Kurnai reached their nadir in 1843 when McMillan's colleague Macalister was killed by an Aborigine. Historian Paul Bartrop states that McMillan retaliated by organising an armed assault on the Kurnai, including the massacre of between 60 and 150 indigenous Australians at Warrigal Creek.
Muscida

Europakurser (Europe courses): Though the name suggests otherwise, these courses are not just about Europe. In these courses are almost exclusively social studies, mostly about economics, geography, politics, and such.
Possible sources of verification.
March
AIR TRANSPORTATION: Azogues uses Mariscal Lamar Regional Airport located in Cuenca.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has recommended granting a marketing authorization for PAS in multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in adults and children when other treatments cannot "be devised for reasons of resistance or tolerability."
For the 1885 general election the burgh constituencies of Aberdeen North and Aberdeen South were created. Both of these new constituencies included areas beyond the boundaries of the burgh of Aberdeen.

Subdivisions.
The PSD's first ordinary congress began on January 29, 2000; this was the party's first congress in ten years. 700 delegates participated in the congress, and at the congress a national executive committee, composed of 19 members, was elected. Bruno Amoussou was elected as the party's President on this occasion, while Felix Adimi was elected as Vice-President and Emmanuel Golou was elected as Secretary-General.

