October 21: "The Voice Within" - Christina Aguilera
January 10: "Low" - Flo Rida featuring T-Pain


In 1657 Stapley, abandoned the political views of his father and became entangled in a plot for the return of Charles II. At the house of his grandmother, Lady Champion, he had come under the influence of Dr. John Hewett and Lord Mordaunt. Ostensibly with a view to "the expiation of his father's crime", he professed himself anxious to "venture his life and his fortune for his majesty's restoration". In June 1657, through the instrumentality of Hewett, he had received from the exiled king a commission for the raising of a troop of horse and six colonels' commissions, to be distributed at his discretion. His interest in the county was considered to be great, and his promises of support to the royalist party were confident. Doubts were, however, thrown upon his ability to carry out all his plans. Through the treachery of a subordinate he fell into the hands of Cromwell in the spring of 1658, when he disclosed such particulars of the plot as led to the arrest of Hewett, Mordaunt, and Sir Henry Slingsby. Cromwell, however, dismissed him with a reproof, presumably on account of his friendship with his father. Stapley appeared as a witness against Mordaunt at his trial on 2 July 1658, but, according to Clarendon, answered "in so disorderly and confused a manner that it appeared that he had much rather not have said it". His younger brother Anthony was also concerned in the plot, and made full disclosures when examined by Colonel William Goffe and Henry Scobell in April 1658.
Information taken from Discogs.
Deb wanted to tell Grayson who she actually was, but was devastated when he fell for fellow lawyer Kim Kaswell. Deb would later come to accept what had happen and told Grayson that she saw no problem about the two kissing, although Kim had decided already to tell Grayson that she did not want to start a relationship with him. She also was the one who warned her guardian angel Fred about falling for her best friend Stacy that would lead to memories of his existence being erased. When Jane's mother came to town to visit, Deb did her best to handle it, realizing the distance the mother and daughter had and deciding that if she couldn't be with her own mother again, she could at least have Jane's. Sparks also seem to fly between Jane and another lawyer, Tony as they embark on a relationship.
Edward Cecil Mitford

Plot.
Matt Bjorke of "Roughstock" described the song positively in his review of the album, saying that it had a similar rock influence to the work of Jason Aldean but was comparably more authentic. Bobby Peacock of "Roughstock" gave the song three and a half stars out of five, writing that Moore "has a down-home, everyman twang to his voice, lending the right amount of authenticity to his country-boy anthems" and that "the melody and production are a pleasing throwback to the early-mid 1990s."

Prior to becoming a tropical depression, the system produced torrential rainfall in Nicaragua, resulting in the death of one person after she was swept away by a swollen river. Many homes and bridges were destroyed across the country. In Estelí Department, the Nicaraguan Air Force had to rescue 24 people trapped in their homes.

The land on which the house sits was originally part of the late 17th century Kakiat Patent, covering portions of what is today Rockland County and adjacent Bergen County, New Jersey. After the Revolutionary War, Michael Salyer, who had built a house nearby, sold the western portion of his land to Peter Perry. 
Onderdonk House
Reception.
These sorties, made at low level to escape radar detection, took 418 Squadron crews into the heart of enemy territory, there to wreak havoc among departing or returning Luftwaffe night-fighter crews (Intruder sorties), or to shoot up enemy airfields, or indeed anything else of military value, in Ranger sorties.
<doc id="27515568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27515568" title="Caesar's Commentaries">
According to the Agrarian Reform Law, part of the retrieved Marcos wealth will be utilized for the government's agrarian reform program, and the remaining part for the compensation of the victims of the Marcos dictatorship. Once all pending legalities were settled regarding the US$ 683 Million in escrow, the fund was finally transferred to the Department of Agrarian Reform and Department of Agriculture.
LMFAO discography
<doc id="27523631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27523631" title="Kotwal">
Ditomyiidae is a family of Diptera comprising only two genera: "Ditomyia" and "Symmerus".
The opening round is the "local" round; it is typically sponsored by a local country radio station (approximately 450 stations hold local contests for the "Country Showdown" as of the early 2010s) in the spring. The winners of the local contests then move onto the "state" championships, whose winners in turn advance to one of five "regional" finals (Southwest, Southeast, Midwest, Northeast and West). The winners of each regional final advance to the "national" final, held at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee, in January of each year. The National Final is taped in front of a live audience and later televised as a 1-hour-long program, and is broadcast on syndication in March and April. The act which is crowned victorious wins a grand prize of $100,000, along with the title of "Best New Act in Country Music", and a chance at notability which would help them to further their musical career.
Joar Ervin Olsen (1 February 1924 – 14 February 1945) was a Norwegian resistance member who was killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.
Iliev
Without recording date - To be inserted in the list

Blue Valentine
Melissa Satta
Awards and recognitions.
Round 3
Rafael Obligado Castle
The town market, up to the late 1990s, was one of the favorite destinations for marriage shopping, as transportation facilities were limited and people preferred the nearest market. With government initiatives and improved transport facilities, customers can now shop in bigger markets in Kangra for their marriage shopping However the Bhawarna market still retains its importance of being an important trading centre in nearby area.
Tropical Storm Unala.
By 1952, "TIME" had cited him as one of 48 artists whose 250 paintings had been commissioned by Standard Oil of New Jersey. "TIME" mentioned Jones with other of the 48 artists by name: the other two were Peter Hurd and Thomas Hart Benton.
Yaovi Aziabou


<doc id="27545977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27545977" title="The Terminator (album)">
<doc id="27546610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27546610" title="Order of the Croatian Interlace">
Günter Asser (born 26 February 1926, Berlin) is a professor emeritus of logic and mathematics at the University of Greifswald. He has published numerous volumes on philosophers and mathematicians. His own research was in computability theory.
