Prior to his last assignment, Schoomaker spent over 30 years in a variety of assignments with both conventional and special operations forces – he is the first Special Forces-trained Army Chief of Staff and the second to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff (General Henry H. Shelton was the first, when he served as Chairman).
"Each Peach Pear Plum" was named one of the top ten Medal-winning works in 2007, and finished a close second in public voting on that slate.
The North Atlantic Council is the premier, governmental forum for discussion and decision-making in an Atlantic context. Other organizations that can be considered Atlanticist in origin: 
Modular buildings are often priced lower than their site-built counterparts, for a variety of reasons. 
In the NRL, the victor in golden point receives two competition points, the loser none. In the event that no further scoring occurs, the game is drawn, and each team receives one point each.
The cab forward design was characterized by the long, low slung windshield, and relatively short overhangs. The wheels were effectively pushed to the corners of the car, creating a much larger passenger cabin than the contemporaries of the time.
Field goals.
Wagner originally intended the "Siegfried Idyll" to remain a private piece. However, due to financial pressures, he decided to sell the score to publisher B. Schott in 1878. In doing so, Wagner expanded the orchestration to make the piece more marketable. The piece is scored for a small chamber orchestra of 13 players: flute, oboe, two clarinets, bassoon, two horns, trumpet, two violins, viola, cello and double bass. The trumpet part is very brief, lasting only 13 measures. The piece is commonly played today by orchestras with more than one player on each string part. Modern performances are much slower than those of earlier years.
Born in Brookline, Massachusetts, McManus entered the comics field in the early 1980s with work for "Heavy Metal" and DC Comics. For the June 1983 issue of "Heavy Metal" he collaborated with Bhob Stewart and John Coffey on "Zenobia". Six months later, McManus and Stewart teamed with Jim McDermott on "Symbiosis", also in "Heavy Metal" (December 1983). He drew the Green Arrow backup feature in "Detective Comics" in 1983-1984. McManus gained wider attention when he illustrated two issues of "The Saga of the Swamp Thing" written by Alan Moore.
Several doubtfully distinct species have also been described; see the genus articles for these.

 Functioning of a linear induction motor begins with an AC force that is supplied to the coil windings within the primary coil assembly. This creates a traveling magnetic field that induces a current in the reaction plate, which then creates its own magnetic field. The magnetic fields in the primary coil assembly and reaction plate alternate, which generates force and direct linear motion.
<doc id="626332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=626332" title="List of colonial governors in 1897">
As Trade Minister, Vaile was involved in the negotiation of the U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement, which was opposed by some traditional National Party constituencies such as the sugar industry. 
He has won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction and the World Fantasy Award (for "The Prestige").
Prior to the creation of the Chief of Staff position, the office was headed by the Prime Minister's Principal Secretary, a position which is now secondary to the Chief of Staff. People who held the position of principal secretary prior to 1987 were essentially "de facto" chiefs of staff, and may sometimes be informally referred to as chiefs of staff in some sources, but did not hold the formal title Chief of Staff. Bernard Roy, Brian Mulroney's principal secretary from 1984 to 1988, was the last principal secretary to act as head of the PMO before the creation of the Chief of Staff position.
"Sādhanā" is a discipline undertaken in the pursuit of a goal. "Abhyāsa" is repeated practice performed with observation and reflection. "Kriyā", or action, also implies perfect execution with study and investigation. Therefore, "sādhanā", "abhyāsa", and "kriyā" all mean one and the same thing. A "sādhaka", or practitioner, is one who skillfully applies...mind and intelligence in practice towards a spiritual goal.
"'Да будет мирным твой небосвод!
As of 2010, there are 243 incorporated municipalities in the U.S. state of Utah. A municipality is called a town if the population is under 1,000 people, and a city if the population is over 1,000 people. Incorporation means that a municipal charter has been adopted by the affected population following a referendum. In the Constitution of Utah, cities and towns are granted "the authority to exercise all powers relating to municipal affairs, and to adopt and enforce within its limits, local police, sanitary and similar regulations not in conflict with the general law.". They also have the power to raise and collect taxes, to provide and maintain local public services, acquire by eminent domain any property needed to make local improvements, and to raise money by bonds.
Nevertheless, the Allies mounted two operations during the 1942–1943 dry season. The first was a small offensive into the coastal Arakan Province of Burma. The Indian Eastern Army intended to reoccupy the Mayu peninsula and Akyab Island, which had an important airfield. A division advanced to Donbaik, only a few miles from the end of the peninsula but was halted by a small but well entrenched Japanese force. At this stage of the war, the Allies lacked the means and tactical ability to overcome strongly constructed Japanese bunkers. Repeated British and Indian attacks failed with heavy casualties. Japanese reinforcements arrived from Central Burma and crossed rivers and mountain ranges which the Allies had declared to be impassable, to hit the Allies' exposed left flank and overrun several units. The exhausted British were unable to hold any defensive lines and were forced to abandon much equipment and fall back almost to the Indian frontier.
Shine On
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, adat practices in Central Asia began to resurrect in the 1990s among communities in rural areas. This was largely due to a decay of legal and law enforcement institutions in many parts of the region. The constitution also contributed to this process, since it empowered some traditional institutions such as councils of elders (aqsaqals), with some administrative authorities. In North Caucasus, traditional, clan-based systems of self-government, which had been functioning underground since the 1950s, began to reappear in response to the federal government's neglect and the local administration's impotence. Because of loss of Islamic scholars and literature during the Stalinist years, the adat that emerged contained almost no elements of Islamic law. However, there are growing number of participation of Muslim scholars in adat proceedings, who are now are involved in most important decisions in village assemblies and district administrations.
Lambton County is the site of North America's first drilled commercial oil well at Oil Springs in 1858. 
Critics of theories of evolution have argued that "survival of the fittest" provides a justification for behaviour that undermines moral standards by letting the strong set standards of justice to the detriment of the weak. However, any use of evolutionary descriptions to set moral standards would be a naturalistic fallacy (or more specifically the is-ought problem), as prescriptive moral statements cannot be derived from purely descriptive premises. Describing how things are does not imply that things ought to be that way. It is also suggested that "survival of the fittest" implies treating the weak badly, even though in some cases of good social behaviour – co-operating with others and treating them well – might improve evolutionary fitness. This however does not resolve the is-ought problem.
<doc id="628113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=628113" title="Labrador tea">
In 1980 Zaentz created The Saul Zaentz Film Center in Berkeley, California, an editing and sound-mixing studio for his own films, independent filmmakers and Hollywood productions.
Asana.
His own letters and diary entries, at times written under emotional duress as he relieved events that continued to disturb him greatly, support the conventional historical account of the assassination. His final break with Yusupov in London in 1920 is well documented in letters exchanged between the two men, none of which have ever been published. The originals are all part of the Ilyinsky family collection, along with Dmitri's diaries, and have been woefully, almost incredibly, neglected by scholars. Dmitri who, as an adolescent, had envisioned Nicholas II as a 'man of action' and admired him greatly, was devastatingly disillusioned by the Tsar's attitude and behavior during the war years. Like many other grand dukes, he tried to warn Nicholas of Russia's imminent peril, but was unsuccessful. The assassination was, in his conception, a patriotic act and one of desperation, but he almost immediately regretted it, and would later describe on several occasions in his letters and diaries the disgust and remorse he felt about his own involvement in the affair. Yusupov was, in 1920, offered a chance to speak about the assassination in a US lecture tour, the profits from which would go to the Red Cross, and it was his interest in pursuing this tour that proved to be the last straw in his relationship with Dmitri.



Psycho (Season six):
Dave Righetti

Most of the population () speaks French (3,428 or 84.1%), with German being second most common (206 or 5.1%) and Italian being third (123 or 3.0%). There are 6 people who speak Romansh.
From the , 227 or 23.5% were Roman Catholic, while 538 or 55.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 9 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.93% of the population), and there were 56 individuals (or about 5.80% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 11 (or about 1.14% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 3 individuals who were Buddhist and 3 individuals who belonged to another church. 115 (or about 11.92% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 30 individuals (or about 3.11% of the population) did not answer the question.
A study into the long-term psychological effects of the disaster was published in the "British Journal of Psychiatry" in 2003. It found that half the survivors of the Aberfan disaster suffered from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) at some time in their lives, that they were over three times more likely to have developed lifetime PTSD than a comparison group of individuals who had experienced other life-threatening traumas, and that 34% of survivors who took part in the study reported that they still experienced bad dreams or difficulty sleeping due to intrusive thoughts about the disaster.

After ten more days of post-delivery work in Baltimore, Maryland, to prepare her to get underway, "John W. Brown" departed on 29 September 1942 to steam down the Chesapeake Bay to Norfolk, Virginia, where she underwent degaussing and deperming to make her less likely to trigger magnetic sea mines. Departing Norfolk, she proceeded back north through the Chesapeake Bay, anchored off Annapolis, Maryland, overnight on 3-4 October 1942, and then passed through the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal and Delaware River to Delaware Bay, where she joined a convoy of four merchant ships. Escorted by three escort vessels and a United States Navy blimp, the convoy proceeded up the coast of New Jersey to New York City, where on 6 October 1942 "John W. Brown" began loading her first cargo – 8,380.9 long tons (9,386.6 short tons; 8,515.0 metric tons) of cargo destined for the Soviet Union, consisting of two Curtiss P-40 Warhawk fighters, 10 M4 Sherman tanks, 200 motorcycles, 100 jeeps, over 700 long tons (784 short tons, 711 metic tons) of ammunition, and over 250 long tons (280 short tons, 254 metic tons) of canned pork lunch meat – at Pier 17 in Brooklyn. While in New York, she also had the Oerlikon 20 mm cannon mounted on her bow replaced by a 3-inch (76.2-mm) 50-caliber gun, and she interrupted her loading of cargo on 9 October 1942 for work on the degaussing and compass adjusting ranges.
AMX/3.
TIP also runs several summer and weekend residential programs for academically gifted students, including Summer Studies (grades 7-10), Field Studies and Institutes (grades 9-12), eStudies and eSeminars (grades 8-12), Academic Adventures (grades 5-6), Scholar Weekends (grades 8-11), and CRISIS! (grades 5-6). Independent learning opportunities are also available.
Charlottenberg
Xenoglossy
Aspen ends up killing two of the unknown sea creatures after finding Big Moe to be their parent. Big Moe gets away and the old man and Aspen part ways. The old man has since appeared in a single issue of Aspen Seasons as a possible foreshadow for his and the "Spelunker"s eventual return to the series.
Surgical post-mastectomy breast reconstruction requires general anaesthesia, cuts the chest muscles, produces new scars, and requires a long post-surgical recovery for the patient. The surgical emplacement of breast implant devices (saline or silicone) introduces a foreign object to the patient’s body (see capsular contracture). The TRAM flap (Transverse Rectus Abdominis Myocutaneous flap) procedure reconstructs the breast using an autologous flap of abdominal, cutaneous, and muscle tissues. The latissimus myocutaneous flap employs skin fat and muscle harvested from the back, and a breast implant. The DIEP flap (Deep Inferior Epigastric Perforators) procedure uses an autologous flap of abdominal skin and fat tissue.
Career.
In 1976, it was redefined to consist of the part of the city west of a line drawn from south to north along Southdale Road, Wellington Road, the Thames River and the North Thames River, Dundas Street, Colborne Street, Huron Street and Richmond Street.
Near the end of World War II, over two months of heavy fighting destroyed an estimated 85 percent of the town, including its castle, the Schwedter Schloss. The Soviet Army occupied Schwedt on April 26, 1945, two weeks before the final defeat of Nazi Germany.
Lake Tillery.
The district is in the most southeastern part of Manitoba.
The team's first head coach was Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes and the franchise's first star players were Bob Kauffman and Don May, who were acquired in the 1970 NBA Expansion Draft. However, in the NBA Draft of 1970, Buffalo passed on hometown hero Calvin Murphy, a 5-foot-9 point guard from Niagara University. Murphy would eventually be inducted into the Hall of Fame. As is typical of first-year expansion teams, the Braves finished with a dismal record, 22–60, seven games ahead of the Cavaliers, their expansion cousins, who finished at 15–67. Kauffman, who averaged 4.3 points per game the previous year with the Chicago Bulls, led Buffalo in scoring with 20.4 points per game and earned a spot on the 1971 NBA Eastern Conference All-Star team.
The Maharishi Corporate Development Program is another international non-profit organization that offers the TM program to people in industry and business. According to religious scholar Christopher Partridge, "hundreds" of Japanese business' have incorporated the meditation programs offered by Maharishi Corporate Development International including Sumitomo Heavy Industries Ltd. In 1995 the Fortune Motor Co. of Taiwan reportedly had a 100% increase in sales after participating in the program. The "Washington Post" reported in 2005, that USA real estate developer, The Tower Companies, had added classes in Transcendental Meditation to their employee benefit program with 70% participation.
In the summer of 1975, the folk singer Joan Baez dedicated a version of the song "Stewball" to Ruffian.
Traditions varied or evolved with regard to which person could read the haftarah. As an indication that, perhaps to make clear that the haftarah reading was not the same status as the Torah reading, a minor (i.e., a boy not yet bar mitzvah age) was permitted to chant the haftarah (at least on an ordinary Sabbath), and there were even communities where the haftarah reading was reserved exclusively for minor boys. In recent centuries, when the attainment of bar mitzvah age is celebrated with a distinct ceremony, the bar mitzvah boy (now an adult) will read the "maftir"   portion and the haftarah. In some other communities, the haftarah could only be read by one who had participated in the Torah reading (in some practices, the "maftir" - the last man to have read from the Torah), or even the whole congregation would read the haftarah to themselves from the available "humashim" - this evidently to avoid embarrassing a reader who might make a mistake.
Aircraft.
With Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers
Possibly the main influence on downstream water quality from Jindabyne Dam, is the influence on water temperature. Unlike many other dams were coldwater pollution is a concern, where water is released from the below the thermocline in the reservoir (i.e. the bottom water of the lake), the water is released from the surface waters of lake Jindabyne. The water temperature of the Snowy River downstream of Jindabyne often differs from the surrounding snowmelt rivers of Thredbo and Mowamba.
These are elements that P. Clint Rogers observed in successful ICT4D projects in Africa:
In 1763, the region fully passed into British hands and its French population diminished due to the deportation. In 1783, the Loyalists settled in Acadia and the province of New Brunswick was created the next year. In 1785, the Acadians in Fredericton and nearby were evicted from their land and in June 1785, a group decided to establish the region of Grand Falls and the rest of Madawaska and this with the agreement of the Maliseet people.
Ratings and reception.
The Party communist agitators were able to persuade "minor parties and groups" in China that the Nationalists were "illegitimate and repressive while the CCP embodied progress, unity, and democracy."
She was a writer and consulting producer on "Will & Grace", while also occasionally appearing on the show as the character Nurse Sheila. Kightlinger also played the title role in the TV show "The Minor Accomplishments of Jackie Woodman", which she created, wrote and executive produced.
2829 Bobhope is a small main belt asteroid, which was discovered by E. L. Johnson in 1948. It is named after American comedian Bob Hope. Little is known about Bobhope, but it is estimated to measure 38.26 km in diameter.
Renovations/Additions.
Sludge metal generally combines the slow tempos, heavy rhythms and dark, pessimistic atmosphere of doom metal with the aggression, shouted vocals and occasional fast tempos of hardcore punk. As "The New York Times" put it, "The shorthand term for the kind of rock descending from early Black Sabbath and late Black Flag is "sludge", because it's so slow and dense." Many sludge bands compose slow-paced songs that contain brief hardcore passages (for example, Eyehategod's "Depress" and "My Name Is God"). Mike Williams, a founder of the sludge style and member of Eyehategod, suggests that "the moniker of sludge apparently has to do with the slowness, the dirtiness, the filth and general feel of decadence the tunes convey". However, some bands emphasize fast tempos throughout their music. The string instruments (electric guitar and bass guitar) are downtuned and heavily distorted and are often played with large amounts of feedback to produce a thick yet abrasive sound. Additionally, guitar solos are often absent. Drumming is often performed in typical doom metal fashion. Drummers may employ hardcore D-beat or double-kick drumming during faster passages, or through the thick breakdowns (which are characteristic of the sludge sound). Vocals are usually shouted or screamed, and lyrics are generally pessimistic in nature. Suffering, drug abuse, politics and anger towards society are common lyrical themes.
Applications.

The 1987 novel "Crazy Heart" by Thomas Cobb was inspired by Thompson's life, specifically by his practice of picking up a local band to back him when he toured. In 2009 Cobb's novel was turned into a successful film directed by Scott Cooper and starring Academy Award winner Jeff Bridges.
George Hainsworth
Statins may also alter the concentrations of other drugs, such as warfarin or digoxin, leading to alterations in effect or a requirement for clinical monitoring.
Early changes.
In September 1943 plans were made for Krupp to fabricate new Tiger I armored hulls for the "Sturmtiger". The Tiger I hulls were to be sent to Henschel for chassis assembly and then to Alkett where the superstructures would be mounted. The first prototype was ready and presented to Adolf Hitler in October 1943. Delivery of the first hulls would occur in December 1943, with the first three "Sturmtigers" completed by Alkett by 20 February 1944.
For over 50 years, Carolyn was a member of Beta Sigma Phi, a women's sorority group that raises money for charity. In 2008 she received the "International Award of Distinction", the highest honor the organization bestows on active members. She also was a member and treasurer for the "Motion Picture Mothers" for over 30 years. Carolyn Moore died at age 79 in 2009.
He joined Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions, one of the teams of Chinese Professional Baseball League (CPBL) in Taiwan.
Wörthersee
Home Office policing in Rochdale is provided by Greater Manchester Police and the Rochdale Division has headquarters at Town Meadow adjacent to the Magistrate's Court. Statutory emergency fire and rescue service is provided by the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service, which has fire stations in Rochdale, Littleborough and Heywood.
In 2007, both houses of Congress passed a bipartisan measure to expand the SCHIP program, . The measure would have expanded coverage to over 4 million more participants by 2012, while phasing out most state expansions in the program that include any adults other than pregnant women. The bill called for a budget increase for five years totaling $35 billion, increasing total SCHIP spending to $60 billion for the five-year period. Opposition to HR 976 focused on the $35 billion increase in government health insurance as well as $6.5 billion in Medicaid benefits to illegal immigrants. Originally intended to provide health care coverage to low-income children, HR 976 was criticized as a giveaway that would have benefited adults as well as non-U.S. citizens. The program expansion was to have been funded by sharply increasing federal excise taxes on tobacco products. On the other hand, opponents said this proposed expansion was for families with annual incomes up to $82,600 (400 percent of the federal poverty level)
By early 1862, Federal forces had effectively pushed Price out of Missouri. An army under Union general Samuel Ryan Curtis pursued Price into Arkansas, where General Earl Van Dorn assumed command of combined forces led by Price and General Ben McCulloch. Outnumbered, Curtis nonetheless defeated Van Dorn at the Battle of Pea Ridge, thus ending Confederate hopes of occupying Missouri.
