Shows and his wife, the former Daune Elizabeth Ducote, originally from Alexandria, Louisiana, have four children, Stephanie McBride and husband Jere of Houston, Texas, and Kimberli Porter and husband Randell, Casey Harrison Shows and wife Ashley, and Haley Elizabeth Shows, engaged to Shane Lowery, all of West Monroe. There were nine Shows grandchildren at the time of the coach's death.
The attack was carried out by the First Cruiser Squadron under the command of Vice Admiral Rhoderick McGrigor, second-in-command of the Home Fleet, in his flagship "Norfolk". The force included the cruiser "Diadem", three escort carriers, and eight destroyers and other vessels. In the carriers three Naval Air Squadrons were embarked: 846 Squadron in "Trumpeter" contributed eight Avenger torpedo-bombers and four Wildcat fighters to the attack, 853 Squadron in "Queen" contributed eight Avengers and four Wildcats, while 882 Squadron in "Searcher" contributed twenty Wildcats. The force sailed from Scapa Flow on May 1.
Awards.
<doc id="30041316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30041316" title="Argyrodes colubrinus">

Four (New Zealand)

Ceramic-impregnated fabrics
According to historian L T C Rolt, the original installation was of machines for wire-braiding crinoline frames; and Charles simultaneously imported metal cutting machine tools to aid his friend Hiram Maxim who was developing a machine gun. This is a moot point: the Maxim gun was not developed for a further 20 years and it is unlikely that Maxim was in England during the 1860s; however, the Gatling Gun was patented in 1862. Rolt claimed that Charles Churchill & Co began trading in 1865 as importers of engineering tools and is thought to have imported the first examples of Morse tapered twist drills, self-centring drill chucks (manufactured by Cushman) and hand-held micrometers into the UK. According to Floud, he imported agricultural implements and other non-engineering items at this time. In its early years the company traded from 28 Wilson Street, Finsbury: sales catalogues were published certainly between 1876 and 1882 stating this address.
