His tenure as president saw the enactment of the Spanish Political Parties Act, which sought outlaw any party that did not condemn the terrorism of ETA. Under this law, Batasuna was declared illegal by the Spanish Supreme Court, which considered that it had tangible links to ETA and participated in its financing by channeling part of the public money it was entitled to as a party with representation in the Basque Parliament. Consequently, the court ordered the Parliament to disband the parliamentary group of the former party, Sozialista Abertzaleak, which, even though they would still be members of the Parliament, would have denied them the public money allotted to groups. Given that the standing rules of the Parliament did not contemplate the disbanding of parliamentary groups, the nationalist majority in the Bureau decided that they would need to be modified to allow the procedure if so requested by the Supreme Court. However, the same nationalist majority then voted against the modification. This started a chain of lawsuits in both the High Court of the Basque Country and the Spanish Supreme Court in which the three nationalist Bureau members were charged with an offence of contempt of court for their disobedience of a final ruling of the Supreme Court. After being initially acquitted on parliamentary immunity by the Basque High Court and an appeal by the Manos Limpias extreme-right union in 2007, founded by Miguel Bernard Remón, the Supreme Court sentenced him to a €18,000 fine and 18 months of inhabilitation for the exercise of any public office in early 2008.
<doc id="22296035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22296035" title="The Suburban">

"Iliahialoe" inhabits dry forests, low shrublands, and lava plains throughout the archipelago, including the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, but has been extirpated from Laysan and Kahoolawe. Although never recorded on Niihau, its historic presence on the island is almost certain. "S. ellipticum" is generally found at elevations from sea level to , but populations can occur as high as . An isolated individual was observed growing at on the island of Hawaii.
