The blue crane ("Anthropoides paradiseus"), also known as the Stanley crane and the paradise crane, is the national bird of South Africa.
Note that phenolic resin products are apt to swell slightly if they are used in areas that are perpetually damp. Varnishing the product helps to prevent this.
In the mid-2000s (decade) Juan Francisco Casas generated Internet attention for a series of large-scale, photo-realistic ballpoint duplications of his own snapshots of friends, utilising only blue pens.
That said, overlap of sexual preference disorders and the practice of BDSM practices can occur.
The largest sport hub in the city is Tofig Bahramov Stadium with 31,200 seating capacity. The city's three main football clubs are Neftchi Baku, FC Baku and Inter Baku of whom first has eight Premier League titles making Neftchi the most successful Azerbaijani football club. Baku also has several football clubs in the premier and regional leagues, including AZAL in Premier League. The Baku Olympic Stadium, a planned 65,000 seat football stadium, is currently under construction and will be based on Boyuk Shor settlement.
To the south, HMS "Bellerophon" was in serious trouble as the huge broadside of "Orient" pounded the ship. At 19:50 the mizen mast and main mast both collapsed and fires broke out simultaneously at several points. Although the blazes were extinguished, the ship had suffered more than 200 casualties. Captain Darby recognised that his position was untenable and ordered the anchor cables cut at 20:20. The battered ship drifted away from the battle under continued fire from "Tonnant" as the foremast collapsed as well. "Orient" had also suffered significant damage and Admiral Brueys had been struck in the midriff by a cannonball that almost cut him in half. He died fifteen minutes later, remaining on deck and refusing to be carried below. "Orient"'s captain, Luc-Julien-Joseph Casabianca, was also wounded, struck in the face by flying debris and knocked unconscious, while his twelve-year-old son had a leg torn off by a cannonball as he stood beside his father. The most southerly British ship, "Majestic", had become briefly entangled with the 80-gun "Tonnant", and in the resulting battle, suffered heavy casualties. Captain George Blagdon Westcott was among the dead, killed by French musket fire. Lieutenant Robert Cuthbert assumed command and successfully disentangled his ship, allowing the badly damaged "Majestic" to drift further southwards so that by 20:30 it was stationed between "Tonnant" and the next in line, "Heureux", engaging both. To support the centre, Captain Thompson of "Leander" abandoned the futile efforts to drag the stranded "Culloden" off the shoal and sailed down the embattled French line, entering the gap created by the drifting "Peuple Souverain" and opening a fierce raking fire on "Franklin" and "Orient".

While solitary females each make individual nests, some species are gregarious, preferring to make nests near others of the same species, giving the appearance to the casual observer that they are social. Large groups of solitary bee nests are called "aggregations", to distinguish them from colonies.
Terminology.
where γ is the Euler–Mascheroni constant (0.5772...).

Similar organisations in other countries.
In approving the Balfour Declaration, Leopold Amery, one of the Secretaries to the British War Cabinet of 1917–18, testified under oath to the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry in January 1946 from his personal knowledge that:
Confederate retreat.
During May–June 1991, Euronymous of Mayhem opened an independent record shop named "Helvete" (Norwegian for 'hell') in Oslo. It quickly became the focal point of Norway's emerging black metal scene and a meeting place for many of its musicians; especially the members of Mayhem, Burzum, Emperor and Thorns. Jon 'Metalion' Kristiansen, writer of the fanzine "Slayer", said that the opening of Helvete was "the creation of the whole Norwegian Black Metal scene". In its basement, Euronymous founded an independent record label named Deathlike Silence Productions. With the rising popularity of his band and others like it, the underground success of Euronymous's label is often credited for encouraging other record labels, who had previously shunned black metal acts, to then reconsider and release their material.
Basel is located at the meeting point of France, Germany and Switzerland; because it is so near other countries and is beyond the Jura Mountains, many within the Swiss military reportedly believe that the city is indefensible during wartime. It has numerous road and rail crossings between Switzerland and the other two countries. With Switzerland joining the Schengen Area on December 12, 2008, immigration checks were no longer carried out at the crossings. However, Switzerland did not join the EU customs regime and customs checks are still conducted at or near the crossings.
All team members, both officer and enlisted, pilots and staff officers, come from the ranks of regular Navy and United States Marine Corps units. The demonstration pilots and narrator are made up of Navy and USMC Naval Aviators. Pilots serve two to three years, and position assignments are made according to team needs, pilot experience levels, and career considerations for members.
Bixby was executive producer of the three "Hulk" made-for-television sequel movies in the late 1980s and in 1990. He also directed the latter two.
