In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1548.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 180 metres and covers an area of 3.240 km². It has a population of about 259 people. The Topľa river flows near the village.
Tweek's family. Tweek's parents run a coffee shop called Tweek Bros. Coffee (a parody of Dunn Bros Coffee). It was nearly put out of business by the major coffee corporation, Harbucks. After a large feud both businesses learned to work together. The Tweeks are their own product's most devoted fans. Even their son consumes several cups of coffee a day (despite his age), hence his constant twitching and general nervousness. They usually have heart-to-heart talks with their son in times of concern or crisis (such as child abduction or their company going out of business), but unfortunately they often oversimplify or overexaggerate the problems making Tweek's paranoia worse - generally speaking, every time Tweek has a new concern or problem his parents tend to aggravate it. Richard Tweak wears a maroon jumper which is his shirt for work (hence the name tag on it) and black trousers. He has a long pointed nose and dark curly brown hair. Mrs. Tweak, whose first name has not been revealed on the show, wears a blue dress with a white apron, and long light brown hair.
Photographs.
Texas premieres
Blazing Paddles.
Arabian tahr
Medals.
Tang Juwu
Not long after the 2003-04 season started, Bonzi Wells launched a tirade at Cheeks during practice ; he was suspended and soon traded to the Memphis Grizzlies for Wesley Person and a first round pick. Soon after that, Rasheed Wallace gave an extended interview in which he claimed that the NBA exploited African American players. This interview was widely denounced by the team, the media, and the league, but no official punishment resulted.
History.
3. Diamond City complies with the requirements of the regulations concerning environmental protection.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1278.
During the twentieth century, two important developments occurred in the preservation of the Parliamentary records. The first concerned the records of the Commons. In 1927 the Clerk of the House of Commons resolved to transfer to the Victoria Tower an extensive post-1834 series of Private Bill records, though still retaining ultimate ownership of them for the House. This precedent has been followed by succeeding Clerks of the Commons, and in 1957 the core records of the House of Commons, the series of some 241 original manuscript Journals, dating from 1547 to 1800, were deposited in the Victoria Tower, by authority of the Speaker of the House. Secondly, in 1937, the then-Clerk of the Parliaments, Sir Henry Badeley, initiated a survey of the entire Lords archive. The resulting report by V. M. R. Goodman revealed the necessity of a full-time staff (which the records did not then have) to undertake boxing, repair and production of the manuscripts. The Second World War intervened, but in 1946 Badeley set up a House of Lords Record Office, under a Clerk of the Records who was to act as the deputy of the Clerk of the Parliaments in all record matters.
Ladomirov was first mentioned in historical records in 1567.

A holographic video display featuring Flacco sat at the Black Mountain Tower in Canberra during the 1990s in their now-removed "Making Connections" exhibition.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1335.
The first round of the election on July 1 reportedly proceeded without incident, although voting was extended by four hours in Ségou due to heavy rain. Voter turnout was reportedly low. President Touré attributed this to Mali's system of automatic voter registration and uninspiring politicians, while Keïta argued that the voters were disillusioned, pointing to the April presidential election, which he alleged was fraudulent.
Alice Muloki was born Alice Kintu on November 19, 1929. She was educated Berkley High School, Gayaza High School and Buloba College in Busoga. She then trained as a Grade 3 teacher at Buloba Primary Teachers College near Kampala, after which she taught at Buckley High School, before being transferred to work in Kamuli. In 1956, she resigned from working as a principal at Bishop Willis Core Primary Teachers College and married Henry Wako Muloki.

In earlier times, Wani was known as 'Wun'. Wani was a district headquarters in Berar Province during British rule. Later on Wani became a taluka and Yavatmal its district (earlier name 'Yeoti'). 
