Later Medieval to Early Modern Era (1200 to 1900).
Basketball tournament.
A dryad (; , "sing".: ) is a tree nymph, or female tree spirit, in Greek mythology. In Greek "drys" signifies "oak." Thus, dryads are specifically the nymphs of oak trees, though the term has come to be used for all tree nymphs in general. "Such deities are very much overshadowed by the divine figures defined through poetry and cult," Walter Burkert remarked of Greek nature deities. They were normally considered to be very shy creatures, except around the goddess Artemis, who was known to be a friend to most nymphs.
Since the 18th century in Irkutsk, trades and crafts began to develop, the gold and silver craftsmen and smiths appeared. In relation with the expansion of Russian state to the East from Irkutsk, the city became a capital of enormous territories from the Yenisey River to the Pacific Ocean, and it played an important role in the exploration and securing of vast Eastern-Siberian and Far-Eastern territories to Russia. Gradually, Irkutsk gained more meaning as the main transportation and trade center of Eastern Siberia, it became a center of trade routes from Kamchatka, Chukotka, Yakutia to Mongolia, and China. The administrative meaning of the city increased: it became a center of one fifth of the provinces of Siberia; in 1764 it became a center of an independent province.
Liriope (nymph)
Merritt wears only brown clothing.
Wild species and varieties can supply genes for improving domesticated species by improving their yield, disease resistance, tolerance and vigor; this can increase the profit of farming.
Active Wheel.
The Blot soon reappeared in another "Mouse Works" short titled "Mickey and the Color Caper", this one featured in the "Disney's House of Mouse" episode "Where's Minnie?" In this short, the Blot is now stealing colors from everything in the world, including Minnie Mouse, simply because he's bored with his inky black cloth and plans to become The Phantom Rainbow. Again, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy show up to foil his plans.
John Alexander Scott Coutts (9 December 1902 – 5 August 1962), better known by the pseudonym John Willie, was the artist, fetish photographer, editor, and publisher of the soft-porn cult magazine "Bizarre." Known by some as the "Rembrandt of Pulp," he was a pioneer of the fetish world who is credited with bringing fetish from England to America as "Bizarre" was the first magazine that catered to America’s fetish community. Willie is best known for his bondage comic strips, specifically "Sweet Gwendoline", featuring the villain Sir Dystic d'Arcy. Coutts was able to avoid controversy in censorship through careful attention to guidelines and the use of humor. Though "Bizarre" was a small format magazine, it had a huge impact on later kink publications and experienced a resurgence in popularity along with well-known fetish model, Bettie Page, in the 1980s.
Astronomy career.
But only seek the wealth of the beetle or the maintenance of the ant;<br>
With the help of his brother, Nguyễn Văn Hiếu, a Paris-trained lawyer who served in the upper echelons of the State of Vietnam government, Thiệu initially was enrolled in the Merchant Marine Academy. After a year, he was given his officer’s commission, but he rejected a position on a ship when he discovered that the French owners were going to pay him less than his French colleagues. This incident was said to have made him suspicious of foreigners. Thiệu later became known for his paranoia and distrust of his American allies when he rose to the top of politics.
Despite his imprisonment, and pressure from the Commission to stand down, Gotti is believed to have held on to his position as Gambino boss with his brother Peter and his son John A. Gotti Jr. relaying orders on his behalf. By 1998, when he was indicted on racketeering, John Gotti Jr. was believed to be the acting boss of the family. Against his father's wishes, John Jr. pleaded guilty and was sentenced to six years and five months imprisonment in 1999. He maintains he has since left the Gambino family. Peter Gotti subsequently became acting boss, and is believed to have formally succeeded his brother as boss shortly before John Gotti's death.
The first modern commando type force created by the Portuguese Army was the "Sapadores de Assalto" (Assault Sappers), a small assault sub-unit organized inside the Army School of Engineers, by the then captain Kaulza de Arriaga, in 1947. However, the majority of the Army was opposed to the existence of special forces and the "Sapadores de Assalto" were soon extinct.
Ace, 10, King, Queen, Jack, 9, 8, 7
Skepticism.
At Euric's death in 484 the Kingdom of the Visigoths encompassed all of Iberia except for the region of Galicia (ruled by the Suebi) and a third of modern France.
On Nov. 4, 2008 Kern County voted 75.5% in favor of Proposition 8, which amended the California Constitution to ban same-sex marriages.
Christopher Cooper, head of Cavity Search Records (which released "Roman Candle"), said about this time in Smith's life: "I talked him out of thinking that he wanted to kill himself numerous times when he was in Portland. I kept telling him that he was a brilliant man, and that life was worth living, and that people loved him." Pete Krebs also agreed: "In Portland we got the brunt of Elliott's initial depression... Lots of people have stories of their own experiences of staying up with Elliott 'til five in the morning, holding his hand, telling him not to kill himself."
Intra-cardial.
Third baseman.
A breadboard (or protoboard) is a construction base for prototyping of electronics. Originally it was literally a bread board, a polished piece of wood used for slicing bread. In the 1970s the solderless breadboard (AKA plugboard, a terminal array board) became available and nowadays the term "breadboard" is commonly used to refer to these. "Breadboard" is also a synonym for "prototype".
Common datatypes are converted into their XML equivalents with example values shown below:
The movie was adapted by Vera Caspary and Joseph L. Mankiewicz from a Cosmopolitan magazine 1946 novel "Letter to Five Wives" by John Klempner. It was directed by Mankiewicz, who went on to direct "All About Eve" the following year.
Notes.
Merger speculation.
Name and local language.
Shi Jingtang, founder of the Later Jin Dynasty, the third of the Five Dynasties, ceded a large slice of northern China to the Khitans in return for military assistance. This territory, called The Sixteen Prefectures of Yanyun, included a part of northern Shanxi. The ceded territory became a major problem for China's defense against the Khitans for the next 100 years, because it lay south of the Great Wall.
Transportation.
In November 1861, the , commanded by Union Captain Charles Wilkes, intercepted the British mail ship RMS "Trent" and removed two Confederate diplomats, James Mason and John Slidell. They were held in Boston amid jubilation in the North and outrage in Britain. The British minister in Washington, Lord Lyons demanded their release, as the U.S. had no right to stop a British-flagged ship traveling between neutral ports. The British drew up war plans to attack New York and sent reinforcements to Canada. Seward worked to defuse the situation. He persuaded Lyons to postpone delivering an ultimatum, and told Lincoln that the prisoners would have to be released. Lincoln did let them go them, reluctantly, on technical grounds. Relations between the U.S. and Britain soon improved; in April 1862, Seward and Lyons signed a treaty they had negotiated allowing each nation to inspect the other's ships for contraband slaves. In November 1862, with America's image in Britain improved by the issuance of the preliminary Emancipation Proclamation, the British cabinet decided against recognition of the Confederacy as a nation.
Clematis marmoraria (New Zealand dwarf clematis) is an evergreen plant with parsley-like, leathery and dark green foliage. The white flowers are about 2 cm wide, blooming in early spring.
High schools include:
Campus.
In advance of Ong's synthesis, John Miles Foley, who studied with Robert Creed (who had in turn studied with Magoun), began a series of papers based on his own fieldwork on South Slavic oral genres, emphasizing the dynamics of performers and audiences. Foley effectively consolidated oral tradition as an academic field [http://illumination.missouri.edu/spr05/fol1.htm] when he compiled "Oral-Formulaic Theory and Research" in 1985. The bibliography gives a summary of the progress scholars made in evaluating the oral tradition up to that point, and includes a list of all relevant scholarly articles relating to the theory of Oral-Formulaic Composition. He also both established both the journal "Oral Tradition" and founded the "Center for Studies in Oral Tradition" (1986) at the University of Missouri. Foley developed Oral Theory beyond the somewhat mechanistic notions presented in earlier versions of Oral-Formulaic Theory, by extending Ong's interest in cultural features of oral societies beyond the verbal, by drawing attention to the agency of the bard and by describing how oral traditions bear meaning.
In 2006, in an attempt to gain credibility in the fashion industry after their association with Wal-Mart tarnished their reputations, they were tapped as the faces of the upscale fashion line Badgley Mischka.
<doc id="81886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=81886" title="Palace of Fontainebleau">
Colchis is also an important land in Greco-Roman mythology, most notably as the kingdom of Medea and the Golden fleece, destination of the Argonauts.

The mainstays of the economy are California Polytechnic State University with its almost 20,000 students, tourism, and agriculture. San Luis Obispo County is the third largest producer of wine in California, surpassed only by Sonoma and Napa Counties. Wine grapes are the second largest agricultural crop in the county (after strawberries), and the wine production they support creates a direct economic impact and a growing wine country vacation industry.
<doc id="82121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=82121" title="Tehama County, California">
An additional benefit of loop scavenging was the piston could be made nearly flat or slightly dome shaped, which allowed the piston to be appreciably lighter and stronger, and consequently to tolerate higher engine speeds. The "flat top" piston also has better thermal properties and is less prone to uneven heating, expansion, piston seizures, dimensional changes and compression losses.
Cargo Codeshare Agreements

