Algorism is the technique of performing basic arithmetic by writing numbers in place value form and applying a set of memorized rules and facts to the digits. One who practices algorism is known as an algorist. This system largely superseded earlier calculation systems that used a different set of symbols for each numerical magnitude and in some cases required a device such as an abacus.
<doc id="417636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=417636" title="Loudwater, Buckinghamshire">
She retired at the 2009 European Parliament Elections. She now works as an environmental consultant. She is a member of Foresight Advisory Council of GDF Suez Environment and a Board member of the Institute for European Environment Policy. 
The national flag of Bahrain () consists of a white band on the left, separated from a red area on the right by five triangles that serve as a serrated line.
In 1980, Rangaswamy Srinivasan, at the IBM Research laboratory, discovered that an ultraviolet excimer laser could etch living tissue, with precision and with no thermal damage to the surrounding area. He named the phenomenon "ablative photo-decomposition" (APD).
Unable to get a raise at the "Free Press", Young moved to Toronto in 1941, covering news and sports for the Canadian Press news agency. His first son, Bob Young, was born in 1942 and five months later, Young was sent to England to help cover World War II for CP. He came back a year later and joined the Royal Canadian Navy, where he served until his release from the service when the war ended in 1945. Young returned to CP and soon joined "Maclean's" magazine as an assistant editor. His second son, Neil Young, was born in Toronto in November 1945.
Bill Cosby had a bit in his comedy act titled "Hofstra," referencing the now-defunct Hofstra Football team.
while for fermions, the many-body wave function must be anti-symmetrized,
After Louisa visits Rio in jail to confess that she is going to have his baby, he is beaten by sadistic deputy Lon Dedrick (Slim Pickens) out of jealousy and envy for Louisa's affection. Maria faces Dad about telling her the truth, which she learned from Louisa, stating that she knew something was wrong since the moment Rio arrived in the town and that he is going to hang him out of pure guilt. Longsworth leaves in a fit of anger.
Black roles.
David Graeber argues that the inefficiencies of barter in archaic society has been used by economists since Adam Smith to explain the emergence of money, the economy, and hence the discipline of economics itself. "Economists of the contemporary orthodoxy... propose an evolutionary development of economies which places barter, as a 'natural' human characteristic, at the most primitive stage, to be superseded by monetary exchange as soon as people become aware of the latter's greater efficiency." However, extensive investigation since then has established that "No example of a barter economy, pure and simple, has ever been described, let alone the emergence from it of money; all available ethnography suggests that there never has been such a thing. But there are economies today which are nevertheless "dominated" by barter."
The village name is Old English in origin, and means 'Padda's fortress'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as "Pateberie". The Manor of Padbury was exchanged, around the time of the Norman Conquest, for the Manor of Iver between Robert Doyley and Robert Clarenbold of the Marsh.
"Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: A Musical Journey" was a European promotional album which was given alongside the game on March 11, 2004 if the game had been pre-ordered. It contains six tracks from the soundtrack, including "Kaze No Ne" in both Japanese and English, the only time the English version has been released. It was published by Nintendo of Europe, and covers a duration of 17:37.
With time, the shortage economy led to scarcity of meat, coffee, tea and other ingredients of daily use. Many products like chocolate, sugar and meat were rationed, with a specific limit depending on social class and health requirements. Physical workers and pregnant women were generally entitled to more food products. Imports were restricted, so much of the food supply was domestic. Tropical fruits (citrus, banana, pineapple, etc.) were available during holidays and local fruits and vegetables were mostly seasonal but were available at private stands. For most of the year the Poles had to get by with only domestic winter fruit and vegetables: apples, plums, currants, onions, potatoes, cabbage, root vegetables and frozen products. Other food products (of foreign origins) were available at markets at high prices.
Camoes or Camões may refer to:
Duch ordered the execution of prisoners after their interrogation was completed. For example, on a list containing the names of 17 prisoners (eight teenagers and nine children), he wrote the order “Smash them to pieces.” On a longer list of detainees, his annotation reads “smash: 115; keep: 44 persons.” The text below this annotation reads “Comrade Duch proposed to Angkar; Angkar agreed.” On a list of 20 female detainees, Duch wrote annotations for each of them, ordering: “take away for execution,” “keep for interrogation” or “medical experiment". At least 100 detainees died after having their blood drawn for transfusions for wounded soldiers. Surgical operations were also performed on detainees in order to train medical staff.
On December 7, 2009, the former Massachusetts Attorney General, after an independent internal investigation of ACORN, found the videos that had been released appeared to have been edited, "in some cases substantially". He found no evidence of criminal conduct by ACORN employees, but concluded that ACORN had poor management practices that contributed to unprofessional actions by a number of its low-level employees. On March 1, 2010, the District Attorney's office for Brooklyn determined that the videos were "heavily edited" and concluded that there was no criminal wrongdoing by the ACORN staff in the videos from the Brooklyn ACORN office. On April 1, 2010, an investigation by the California Attorney General found the videos from Los Angeles, San Diego and San Bernardino to be "heavily edited," and the investigation did not find evidence of criminal conduct on the part of ACORN employees. On June 14, 2010, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) released its findings, which showed that ACORN evidenced no sign that it, or any of its related organizations, mishandled any federal money they had received. In March 2010, ACORN announced it would be closing its offices and disbanding due to loss of funding from government and private donors.
The lolicon manga genre began in the 1980s with Hideo Azuma's works, such as . In 1979, Azuma had previously published the first "blatantly lolicon" manga in his own self-published "dōjinishi" magazine "Cybele". Azuma's works became popular among schoolboy readers because most of the pornographic manga up until then had featured mature women influenced by "gekiga". Other "dōjinshi" magazines began featuring "underage or barely pubescent virgins" in erotic contexts and by the late 1980s this "fantasy genre" had spread to some mass market magazines. Frederik L. Schodt and Dinah Zank both suggest that Japanese laws prohibiting the depiction of pubic hair may have encouraged the spread of "erotic manga with a rorikon flavor". Throughout the 1980s, notable lolicon manga artists who published in these magazines include Miki Hayasaka, Kamui Fujiwara, Kyoko Okazaki, Narumi Kakinouchi, and Yoshiki Takaya peaking in the mid-1980s.

Significands and the hidden bit.
<doc id="419332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=419332" title="Gabriel Knight">
They later added a pianist, Billy Vaughn (April 12, 1919 – September 26, 1991). Vaughn was born in Glasgow, Kentucky. Vaughn was eventually to become famous in his own right as an orchestra leader.
Corston was Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol East from April 1992 to 2005. Until stepping down at the 2005 general election, she was chair of the Parliamentary Labour Party, the first woman ever to hold that position.
Hall of Fame candidacy.
Alternate Universe (release: November, 1995) Alternate Universe was a collection of 122 cards that focused on cards from the past, future, and alternate timelines. It also contained the first ultra-rare card, the "Future Enterprise". It sold in 15-card expansion packs.
Novelist Max Allan Collins acknowledged the influence of "Lone Wolf and Cub" on his graphic novel "Road to Perdition" in an interview to the BBC, declaring that ""Road To Perdition" is 'an unabashed homage' to "Lone Wolf And Cub"".
In Japan, they are considered a bird that makes cries at night, and the word can be seen in the Kojiki and the Man'yōshū. The owner of this crying voice is thought to be a yellow-red bird as big as a Columbidae, but nowadays there is the accepted theory that they are Scaly Thrush. Since the people of the Heian Period heard the sorrowful sounding voices of this bird as some ill-omened, they were considered to be a wicked bird, and it is said that when the emperor or nobles heard its crying voice, they would make prayers that nothing disastrous would happen.
The National Board for Professional Teaching Standards was created in 1987 to implement the recommendations of "A Nation Prepared". With Financial support from The Carnegie Corporation of New York, and supporters like Jim Hunt of North Carolina and former Ford Foundation executive, James B. Kelly, the NBPTS set out to upgrade teaching standards by establishing a voluntary process of certification, incorporating Board-certified teachers into education reform actions.
Early life.
In the 1950s Kinnear began a career in repertory theatre, when he appeared in a show at Newquay; and in 1959 he joined Joan Littlewood's Theatre Workshop at the Theatre Royal Stratford East, performing in both the 1960 play and 1963 film of "Sparrows Can't Sing". Prior to joining Joan Littlewood's Theatre, he was a member of the cast of Perth Repertory Theatre. The cast also included people like Valerie Lush, Jane Cain ( the original voice of the Speaking Clock) and Russell Hunter. He continued to work on stage and radio before gaining national attention as a participant in the television show "That Was The Week That Was".
Al-Idrisi was born and raised in Ceuta. At an early age he traveled to Islamic Spain, Portugal, France and England, and visited Anatolia when he was barely 16. Because of conflict and instability in Al-Andalus al-Idrisi joined contemporaries such as Abu al-Salt in Sicily, where the Normans had overthrown Arabs formerly loyal to the Fatimids.
Source: 
