<doc id="12604790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12604790" title="Callionymus">
By "eduniversal.com":
75. I Want To Go To The Seaside
Bishnuram Medhi

Regardless of casualties, the Chinese continued to send masses of infantry to take the objective. On White Horse, the Chinese kept funneling their combat troops into the northern attack approaches where Eighth Army artillery, tanks, and air power would wreak havoc. The Chinese determination to win White Horse made sitting ducks out of their infantry as the IX Corps defenders saturated the all-out assaults with massed firepower of every caliber.
The Manza War in 1868 was the first attempt by Russia to expel Chinese from territory it controlled. Hostilities broke out around Peter the Great Gulf, in Vladivostok when the Russians tried to shut off gold mining operations and expel Chinese workers there. The Chinese resisted a Russian attempt to take Askold Island and in response, 2 Russian military stations and 3 Russian towns were attacked by the Chinese, and the Russians failed to oust the Chinese.
In 1978, Ahmed received the President’s Medal for Pride of Performancev(Urdu: تمغۂ حسنِ کارکردگی) by the government of Pakistan.
On June 25, 2014, at Google I/O, it was announced Android TV, a Smart TV platform, is replacing the previously released Google TV. On June 26, 2014, Google announced Android Auto for the car.
Early life.
The Copadichromis eucinostomus is a Lekking fish, the males build sand castles. The lek member with the tallest mound of sand – almost a meter wide at the base – wins the females. These sandcastles take this ten centimeter (four inch) long animal two weeks to build.
The 1910 Giro d'Italia was the second edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 18 May in Milan with a stage that stretched to Udine, finishing back in Milan on 5 June after a stage and a total distance covered of . The race was won by the Italian rider Carlo Galetti of the Atala-Continental team, with fellow Italians Eberardo Pavesi and Luigi Ganna coming in second and third respectively.
According to "National Review"'s Andrew C. McCarthy, "More than 400 have been murdered by a single type of weapon alone...'the EFP (Explosively Formed Penetrator), designed by Iran's IRGC specifically to penetrate the armor of the M1 Abrams main battle tank and, consequently, everything else deployed in the field.' Understand: This does not mean Iran has killed only 400 Americans in Iraq. The number killed and wounded at the mullahs' direction is far higher than that--likely multiples of that--when factoring in the IRGC's other tactics, such as the mustering of Hezbollah-style Shiite terror cells." 
The eastern sand darter, "Ammocrypta pellucida", is a species of the Percidae family. The eastern sand darter is a relatively small perch, most plentiful in the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers, as well as Lakes Champlain, Erie, Huron, Michigan, and Ontario. It prefers sandy-bottomed streams and sandy shoals in the lakes. The eastern sand darter feeds on larvae of black flies and other small insects in the water. They also feed on zooplankton in small portions due to their small mouth size limiting their gape ability. Their average body size is around 1.5-2 in long and it breeds in the spring and summer in sandy-bottomed waters.

Haplochromis nanoserranus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may be extinct. This species can reach a length of SL.

Remand may refer to:
History.
