"Sid Meier's Railroad Tycoon".
Regarded as an influential author and intellectual in the United States, Friedan remained active in politics and advocacy for the rest of her life, authoring six books. As early as the 1960s Friedan was critical of polarized and extreme factions of feminism that attacked groups such as men and homemakers. One of her later books, "The Second Stage" (1981), critiqued what Friedan saw as the extremist excesses of some feminists.
Long-distance trade in the Baltic grew, as the major trading towns came together in the Hanseatic League, under the leadership of Lübeck. It was a business alliance of trading cities and their guilds that dominated trade along the coast of Northern Europe and flourished from the 1200 to 1500, and continued with lesser importance after that. The chief cities were Cologne on the Rhine River, Hamburg and Bremen on the North Sea, and Lübeck on the Baltic. The economic structures of medieval and early modern Cologne were based on the city's major harbor, its location as a transport hub and its entrepreneurial merchants who built ties with merchants in other Hanseatic cities.
Confusion or Confused may also refer to:
1978 mayoral election.
Almost all of the SE13 postcode district, which is associated with Lewisham, Ladywell and Hither Green, is within the London Borough of Lewisham, except for the Coldbath Estate and part of the Orchard Estate along Lewisham Road, which are covered by the Royal Borough of Greenwich.
<doc id="253568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=253568" title="Implied volatility">
Rooney always denied that he was a racist. In the 1940s, he was arrested after sitting in the back of a segregated bus in protest. Also, in 2008, when Barack Obama was elected president of the United States, Rooney applauded the fact that "the citizens of this country, 80 percent of whom are white, freely chose to elect a black man as their leader simply because they thought he was the best choice." He said that makes him proud, and that it proves that the country has "come a long way — a good way."
The RAF lost 145 aircraft, of which at least 42 were Spitfires, while the Luftwaffe lost 156 aircraft in operations in the nine days of Operation Dynamo. The Royal Navy claimed the destruction of 35 Luftwaffe aircraft from ships' gunfire during the period from 27 May to 1 June, and damage to another 21 aircraft. Aircraft losses from 10 May until the fall of France were 959 for the British and 1,279 for the Germans.
This has led to controversy as how to rate the insulation of these products. Many manufacturers will rate the R-value at the time of manufacture; critics argue that a more fair assessment would be its settled value. The foam industry adopted the LTTR (Long-Term Thermal Resistance) method, which rates the R-value based on a 15 year weighted average. However, the LTTR effectively provides only an eight-year aged R-value, short in the scale of a building that may have a lifespan of 50 to 100 years.
The later part of his peaceful reign was nevertheless marked by internal conflicts. The contenders were his two sons: Afonso the legitimate heir, and Afonso Sanches his natural son, who quarreled frequently among themselves for royal favor. At the time of Denis' death in 1325 he had placed Portugal on an equal footing with the other Iberian Kingdoms.
Timbuktu is located on the southern edge of the Sahara Desert north of the main channel of the River Niger. The town is surrounded by sand dunes and the streets are covered in sand. The port of Kabara is to the south of the town and is connected to an arm of the river by a canal. The canal had become heavily silted but in 2007 it was dredged as part of a Libyan financed project.
In 1875 he founded the publishing firm of I.K. Funk & Company, with the help of a Wittenberg classmate, Adam Willis Wagnalls, a lawyer and accountant. That year he founded and published the "Metropolitan Pulpit" (later its name was changed to "Homiletic Review"). "Missionary Review" also numbered among the many religious publications he founded after 1876. In 1890 the name of his company was changed to Funk & Wagnalls Company, to more accurately reflect Wagnalls' partnership. In that same year, Funk published "The Literary Digest", a departure from the religious works earlier in his career.
After turning ten years old, Stan was diagnosed with cynicism, which in the series is treated as a serious medical disorder where the sufferer sees nothing but feces instead of people and animals and hear Flatulence noises during music and voices. Stan's friendships with the other main characters ended, his parents divorced and he moved out of his home. This episode formed a cliffhanger and set off widespread speculation that the series was coming to an end, but the premiere of the second half of the season resolved the arc as Stan was erroneously diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome and discovers Jameson Irish Whiskey cures cynicism. After struggling to repair his life, he finally explains he doesn't want things to go back to normal, when his parents get back together and his life is repaired, although the end of the episode implies Stan may be permanently bound to whiskey to continue an everyday life.
Subdivision.
<doc id="254486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=254486" title="Imad ad-Din Zengi">
Melba's home in Marian, Queensland during her brief cohabitation with her husband was relocated from the Marian Mill (where it was due to be demolished) to a riverbank setting along the main Eungella Road in Edward Lloyd Park, where, under the name Melba House, it was restored and now operates as a Melba museum and the Pioneer Valley Visitor Information Centre.
Value of a mile.
Aside from Fujian, there are more than 40 temples dedicated to Mazu in Guangdong and Hainan, and more than 30 in Jiangsu and Zhejiang. In northern China, there are large Mazu temples in Tianjin, Weihai, Yingkou, Qinhuangdao, Qingdao, Changdao Islands (also named "Temple Islands" after the Mazu temple there), and Penglai.
Structure.
Later career.
Blue Rock Springs attack.
The increasing involvement of the Cardinal bishops in the administration of the papal curia resulted in a detachment from their dioceses. Therefore some of them, in particular the Bishops of Sabina and Velletri, have for centuries had auxiliary bishops and in 1910 Pope Pius X in his constitution "Apostolicae Romanorum" made this practice obligatory for all suburbicarian dioceses. In 1962, Pope John XXIII in his decree "Suburbicarii Sedis" turned the Cardinal bishops into mere titular bishops and appointed diocesan bishops for Velletri-Segni, Porto-Santa-Rufina, Frascati, Palestrina, Albano and Sabina. The diocese of Ostia — the titular diocese of the Dean of the College of Cardinals — was merged with the diocese of Rome and was henceforth administered by the Roman vicar general. Though the diocesan bishops exercise all episcopal administrative functions, the Cardinal bishops still formally take possession of their titular dioceses.
Bremen's Diocesan Territory and its Suffragans.
Geology.
In October 1947, Li'l Abner met Rockwell P. Squeezeblood, head of the abusive and corrupt Squeezeblood Syndicate, a thinly veiled dig at UFS. The resulting sequence, "Jack Jawbreaker Fights Crime!!," was a devastating satire of Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster's notorious exploitation by DC Comics over "Superman", (see above excerpt). It was later reprinted in "The World of Li'l Abner" (1953).
During the 11th century, it was a wooden church. The tower was built in the late 11th century, and in the early 12th century the stone church. Architecturally, it is remarkable for its steep walls and high towers, arguably the only Romanesque architecture in Sweden of that kind.
Hong Kong.
In July 1950, Jackie Gleason took over as the host of "Cavalcade of Stars", a variety show that aired on the DuMont Television Network. After the first year, Gleason and his writing staff developed a sketch that drew upon familiar domestic situations for its material. Based on the popular radio show The Bickersons, Gleason wanted a realistic portrayal of life for a poor husband and wife living in Brooklyn. The couple would fight almost constantly, but ultimately show their love for each other. After rejecting titles such as "The Beast", "The Lovers", and "The Couple Next Door", Gleason and his staff settled on "The Honeymooners" for the name of the new sketch. Gleason took the role of Ralph Kramden, a blustery bus driver, and he chose veteran comedy movie actress Pert Kelton for the role of Alice Kramden, Ralph's acerbic wife.
also expressed concerns about these changes. A former Director, Betty Churcher, was particularly critical of the building and reportedly told a Sydney journalist that "the dead hand of an architect cannot stay clamped on a building forever". When Ron Radford became Director, he expanded the brief to include a suite of new galleries to display the collection of indigenous art and a new Australian Garden fronting King Edward Terrace.
Due to the film's low budget, only Gibson and Bisley were given jackets and pants made from real leather. All the other actors playing police officers wore vinyl leather outfits.
HEAT warheads become much less effective if they are rapidly spinning, which became a challenge for weapon designers: for a long time, spinning the shell was the most standard method for obtaining good accuracy, as with any rifled gun. However, the centrifugal force of a spinning shell disperses the charge jet. Consequently, most hollow charge projectiles are fin-stabilized and not spin-stabilized. The round could be fired from smoothbore barrel, losing some accuracy.
In contrast, philosophers who define the right to life by reference to particular levels of physical or psychological development typically maintain that such characteristics are morally relevant, and reject the assumption that all human life necessarily has value (or that membership in the species "Homo sapiens" is in itself morally relevant).
The philosopher Hayashi Razan lists the greatest of these "daitengu" as Sōjōbō of Kurama, Tarōbō of Atago, and Jirōbō of Hira. The demons of Kurama and Atago are among the most famous "tengu".
<doc id="256212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=256212" title="1818 in music">
Tourism.
This freshwater fish lives in lakes from the shoreline to 12 meters in depth.
The introduction of Vladislav's charter says: "Stefan Vladislav, with the help and grace of God, crowned King of All Serbian and Maritime Lands"; while the signature reads: "Stefan Vladislav, by the grace of God, the King and Autokrator of All Serbian and Maritime Lands". He also sometimes signed as "Stefan Vladislav, with the help of God, the Serbian King". One seal of his reads "King of all "Rascian" lands. With the canonization of Serbian royalty, some had their born names used by the church, such as Stefan Vladislav ("Св. Стефан Владислав, краљ српски"), Milutin, Stefan Uroš I, Stefan Uroš II, Urošica, and others.
Despite the wars and unrest, Galați developed based on trade (especially grain exports). In 1805, France and England established vice-consulates. In 1832, the School of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel is founded. Two years later, in 1834, Austrian ships were having scheduled arrivals and in 1837, Galați was declared a free port (this was revoked in 1882). In 1850, James Buchanan, the U.S. president, sent a vice-consul to Galați and the U.S. opened a consulate in 1858. Galați was also a trading port for German lands. When the Crimean War (1854–1856) finished, Galați became a seat of the Danube European Commission. In 1869, the Mihai Eminescu municipal park opened and by 1870, factories were opening. By, 1908 they numbered 41. On 13 September 1872, the King Charles I railway station and northern city rail tunnel opened. The River station opened shortly after on 24 September 1880. In 1889, the V. A. Urechia library opened.
In 1922, after patent litigation favorable to Baekeland, the General Bakelite Co., which he had founded in 1910, along with the Condensite Co. founded by Aylesworth, and the Redmanol Chemical Products Co. founded by L.V. Redman, were merged into the Bakelite Corporation.
