On May 31, 2012, Cerberus Capital Management completed the sale of textile company Guilford Mills to Lear Corporation.

The 2008 Ebor Festival was abandoned after wet weather left the course waterlogged and unfit for racing. It was the first time in the event's history that the entire card had to be scrapped due to bad weather.
Helmut Gröttrup (12 February 1916–5 July 1981) was a German electrical engineer. He was born in Cologne and died in Munich. He was an assistant of Wernher von Braun in the V-2 rocket-project. Gröttrup was responsible for the radio guidance system. After the war, he worked in the Soviet rocketry program.
Before his death, Saladin had divided his dominions amongst his kin: Al-Afdal received Palestine and Syria, Al-Aziz was made ruler of Egypt, Al-Zahir received Aleppo, Al-Adil received Karak and Shawbak, and Turan-Shah retained Yemen. However, conflict soon broke out between them with Al-Adil becoming the undisputed ruler of Syria, Upper Mesopotamia, Egypt, and Arabia. Al-Aziz Uthman succeeded his father and ruled the empire as a whole between 1193 and 1198. 
Arrangements.
"Its strength will write our scroll.
Disaster responses.
<doc id="4345916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4345916" title="Histogram equalization">

Carles Benavent plays a Jerzy Drozd custom "Barcelona" type 4-string and 5-string basses, with a high C string instead of standard low B. Instead of sounding lower as is usual among five-string bass players, Benavent uses it higher to do chords and have a piccolo bass, being towards guitar.

Light Opera Works
Career.
Being started as a Microsoft Research project, the beta release of Wallop social networking site was moderately covered among tech savvies, with several articles written about it in technology related news websites. Several of such articles and some blogs speculated that Wallop would be Microsoft's answer to then growing demand in the social networking arena. Some entities, such as the internet-based community behind stonerocket.net who created the now defunct wallopmodding.com, even made sites dedicated to making Wallop mods with the aim of making business out of Wallop users. Nonetheless, time has proved these speculations false as Microsoft unveiled Windows Live services and with Wallop eventually leaving its goal as a main player in the social networking scene.

