The third series combined the reverses of the first series, without portrait.
Hurricane Charley.
Military operations and chemical attacks.
Ford.
Earl Sydney, of Scadbury in the County of Kent, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1874 for the Liberal politician John Townshend, 3rd Viscount Sydney. He notably served as Lord Chamberlain of the Household and as Lord Steward of the Household. On his death in 1890 all his titles became extinct. The titles of Baron Sydney, of Chiselhurst in the County of Kent, and Viscount Sydney were created in the Peerage of Great Britain in 1783 and 1789, respectively, for the politician Thomas Townshend. He served as Home Secretary and Leader of the House of Lords. Townshend was the son of the Hon. Thomas Townshend, second son of Charles Townshend, 2nd Viscount Townshend, whose eldest son Charles Townshend, 3rd Viscount Townshend is the ancestor of the Marquesses of Townshend. Townshend was also a female-line great-great-grandson of Lady Lucy Sydney, daughter of Robert Sydney, 2nd Earl of Leicester, hence his choice of title. 
She was a candidate in the November, 2013 election for Mayor of Cincinnati, but was defeated by John Cranley.
Ancient world.
Other media.
<doc id="803831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=803831" title="Megaloceros">

Definition.
Some of the components (such as the computus) were inspired by the Strasbourg clock, which was studied
Frank aspired to become a journalist, writing in her diary on Wednesday, 5 April 1944:
During an interview Lloyd Banks explained the reason behind naming the album. He said: 
There is existing controversy about the lack of culturally appropriate evidence-based best practices and the need to utilize a research-based approach to validate interventions. Some communities have deployed practices over a long period of time that has produced positive outcomes as well as a general community consensus to be successful. The California Reducing Disparities Project (CRDP) is working to identify such practices. (External Link: http://www.dmh.ca.gov/Multicultural_Services/CRDP.asp) CRDP intends to improve access, quality of care, and increase positive outcomes for racial, ethnic and cultural communities. These communities have been identified as (1) African American, (2) Asian/Pacific Islanders, (3) Latinos, (4) Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender, Questioning, and (5) Native Americans. Strategic Planning Workgroups composed of mental health providers and community members as well as consumers and family members are given the task of identifying new approaches toward reducing disparities. The five Strategic Planning Workgroups work to identify new service delivery approaches defined by multicultural communities for multicultural communities using community-defined evidence to improve outcomes and reduce disparities. Community- defined evidence is defined as “a set of practices that communities have used and determined to yield positive results as determined by community consensus over time and which may or may not have been measured empirically but have reached a level of acceptance by the community.” (Reference: National Latina/o Psychological Association, Fall/Winter 2008, National Network to Eliminate Disparities in Behavioral Health, SAMHSA, and CMHS, Larke Nahme Huang, Ph.D)
The collection focuses on Southern California's railroad history. It houses the largest collection of Pacific Electric Railway rolling stock in the world, much of it rescued from scrapyards after the discontinuation of their passenger operations.
<doc id="805876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=805876" title="Puerto Rico men's national basketball team">
(Taken from "The Incomplete History Of Castlemilk" by the Castlemilk History Group).

<doc id="806419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=806419" title="Protected areas of Mozambique">
Garfield and Friends
He was born at the historic Pfarrhaus in the village of Bürg, Neuenstadt am Kocher in Württemberg. After studying medicine at Tübingen, he became a teacher of zoology at Vienna. In 1868, he was appointed professor of zoology at the academy of Hohenheim, and subsequently he became teacher of zoology and anthropology at Stuttgart polytechnic and professor of physiology at the veterinary school. In 1884 he abandoned teaching and started practice as a physician in Stuttgart. He wrote various works on biological subjects, including "Die Darwinsche Theorie und ihre Stellung zu Moral und Religion" (1869), "Lehrbuch der allgemeinen Zoologie" (1871–1878).
Sundlun died on July 21, 2011 at his home in Jamestown, Rhode Island. Sundlun was accorded full state and military honors prior to and at his funeral and burial on July 24, 2011. He was buried at Sons of David and Israel Cemetery (Temple Beth El Cemetery) in Providence, Rhode Island.
