Stockley is a village in Devon, England.
Early London water supply.
In 1965, Michael and Marlon joined the Jackson Brothers—a band formed by their father and which included brothers Jackie, Tito, and Jermaine—as backup musicians playing congas and tambourine. In 1966, Jackson began sharing lead vocals with his older brother Jermaine, and the group's name was changed to The Jackson 5. That following year, the group won a major local talent show with Jackson performing James Brown's "I Got You (I Feel Good)". From 1966 to 1968 the band toured the Midwest, frequently performing at a string of black clubs known as the "chitlin' circuit" as the opening act for R&B artists that included Sam and Dave, The O'Jays, Gladys Knight, and Etta James. The Jackson 5 also performed at clubs and cocktail lounges, where striptease shows and other adult acts were featured, and at local auditoriums and high school dances. In August 1967, while touring the East coast, the group won a weekly amateur night content at The Apollo Theater in Harlem.

The company also operated an automobile and passenger ferry, the "City of Havana", between Key West and Havana.
If any of the signals beyond the first stop signal are at 'danger', the previous signals will also be held at 'danger' until the train is almost at a stand, to indicate to the driver that the next signal is at 'danger'. This can be enforced by instruction or by electrical interlocking, which requires the provision of a track circuit on the approach to the signal.
<doc id="14998505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14998505" title="Ngerdorch River">
The movement of water out of the estuary is complex and dependent upon a number of factors. Tidal cycles cause water to move toward and away from the Golden Gate four times in a 24 hour period. 
Onlineworms is an artillery game, which is a type of strategy game. Team17 had Wizgate adapt and tailor the game specifically for the Asian markets in 2001. In 2002 the game had as many as 20,000 simultaneous users playing at any given time.

Villages.
The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 12,654.

• Stand-alone post for Land Reclamation 
Sentence repetition requires the child to read 20 sentences aloud one by one. After each sentence is read, the child is asked to repeat the sentence exactly as presented.
