Order: Carnivora

Richardson Lakes () is a small group of meltwater lakes at the foot of Mount Riiser-Larsen on the northwest side, close east of Amundsen Bay. Photographed in 1956 by ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) aircraft and first visited in November 1958 by an ANARE party led by G.A. Knuckey. Named for Sgt. A.K. Richardson, RAAF, a member of the 1958 RAAF Antarctic Flight at Mawson Station.
ID - May enter with an ID card too.<br>
Roget Rocks () is a small group of rocks 4 nautical miles (7 km) southwest of Spring Point in Hughes Bay, Graham Land. Surveyed by K.V. Blaiklock of Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS).
These 16 polytopes are each shown in these 7 symmetry planes, with vertices and edges drawn, and vertices colored by the number of overlapping vertices in each projective position.
Pepperwood Preserve is a 3,117 acre plot of land owned by the Pepperwood Foundation, located in the Mayacamas Mountains in the coast ranges of California near the towns of Santa Rosa and Healdsburg in Sonoma County. The preserve includes the headwaters of Mark West Creek, Franz Creek, and Brooks Creek all of which feed into the Russian River. The highest point on the preserve is 1,560 feet.
Landgravine Louise of Hesse-Darmstadt may refer to:
"January 21, 10:00 AM AT" 
Pan Shiji was born in Taibei, and her family emigrated to Canada in 1974. She took piano lessons and studied composition with Hsu Tsang-houei in Taiwan. In America she studied composition with Robert Turner at the University of Manitoba from 1976–80 and with Chou Wen-chung at Columbia University, New York, from 1980–88. During this time, she worked at the Columbia Center for Ethnomusicology. In 1988 she returned to Taiwan and took a position as professor of composition at the National Academy of the Arts. Her manuscripts are housed in the in Liu Collection, Institute of Chinese Studies, University of Heidelberg.
Clemons was born on April 2, 1921 in Roseville, California.
Spurred by the expulsion of Joanna Kluzik-Rostkowska from the party, the party was founded as a moderate, "liberal" splinter from Law and Justice, whom PJN claimed had drifted to the right under party leader Jarosław Kaczyński. More pro-free market than PiS, Poland Comes First has criticised the slow pace of economic reforms by the Civic Platform (PO) government. In 2011, the party received defectors from PO, giving it representation in the Senate. However, the party failed to win any Sejm or Senate seats in the October 2011 Parliamentary election.
Catherine Harrison
