In the late 1890s, edge-notched cards were invented, which allowed for easy sorting of data by means of a needle-like tool. These edge-notched cards were phased out in the 1980s in favor of computer databases, and they are no longer sold.

Due to the episodic nature of the manga, many of Fujiko's appearances treat her and Lupin as meeting for the first time, even after the incident where Lupin kills her father. Many of the stories feature her trying to capture the same object as Lupin, usually being bested by Lupin, only occasionally being the one who gets the prize. It should also be noted that unlike his anime version, Lupin is a ladies-man in the manga, with he and Fujiko having slept together numerous times.
International Relations.
Of the population in the municipality 217 or about 24.0% were born in Éclépens and lived there in 2000. There were 376 or 41.6% who were born in the same canton, while 122 or 13.5% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 167 or 18.5% were born outside of Switzerland.
Tilahun Gessesse (Amharic: ጥላሁን ገሠሠ; Afan Oromo: Xilaahun Gassasaa) (also spelled Telahun Gesesse or Tlahoun Gèssèssè) (September 29, 1940 – April 19, 2009) was an Ethiopian singer regarded as one of the most popular of his country's "Golden Age" in the 1960s. During the 1960s, he became famous throughout the country, nicknamed "The Voice". He raised money for aid during the famines of the 1970s and 1980s and earned the affection of the nation, being awarded a doctorate degree by the University of Addis Ababa and also winning a lifetime achievement award from the Ethiopian Fine Art and Mass Media Prize Trust.
On May 29, 2014, however, Sinclair informed the FCC that it had not found a buyer for WABM and proposed surrendering WCFT and WJSU's licenses. Under the restructured plan, WABM would become the ABC affiliate for central Alabama, with WBMA-LD as its satellite. WABM's existing programming would move to its second digital channel (WBMA-LD itself, as a low-power station, would not be affected). Sinclair opted to retain WABM on the basis that its facilities are superior to those of WCFT and WJSU; indeed, moving ABC programming to WABM would give ABC a full-power affiliate in Birmingham itself for the first time since 1996. After nearly a year of delays, Sinclair's deal to acquire Allbritton was approved by the FCC on July 24, 2014, and was completed on August 1, 2014.
An unfunded mandate is a statute or regulation that requires a state or local government to perform certain actions, with no money provided for fulfilling the requirements. Public individuals or organizations can also be required to fulfill public mandates.
The Nuremburg Laws, also known as the Anti-Jewish laws, were statutes created in Germany for the purpose of maintaining blood purity of the Aryan race. The laws indicating the necessity of obtaining a German Blood Certificate was implemented at the time relationships between Aryan and Jews were outlawed. German Blood Certificates were documentations that classified who was of "German or related blood". Aryans could face a prison sentence if they were to go against the established laws. Aryan and Jewish families already married with children were labeled as Mischling, and thus were encouraged to divorce. Such relationships were deemed as "blood treason". The Nuremburg Laws did not define people as Jewish by cultural values, but rather looked at the how many generations of Jewish grandparents were before them. Specifically, those who had three or four generations of Jewish grandparents were considered Jews, despite any conversions to Christianity. Jewish blood was considered to be inferior by the Nazi, thus they saw the need to segregate the Jews from the German community. As a result of the Nuremburg Laws, Jewish people were denied German citizenships even though Germany was their homeland. The establishment of the Nuremburg Laws paved the path towards the Holocaust. 
Overview.

Born Isabella Delves Broughton in Marylebone, London, England, she was the eldest child of Major Sir Evelyn Delves Broughton, a military officer, and his second wife, Helen Mary Shore, a barrister. Sir Evelyn was the only son of Jock Delves Broughton; his sister, Rosamond, married Simon Fraser, 15th Lord Lovat in 1938.
The production of amino acids from inorganic molecules.
<doc id="1634149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1634149" title="Hogzilla">

It is located in a depression, next to the M30 highway. Most of central Madrid lies to the W and NW. According to Google Earth, the terrain altitude at the site is whereas about to the NW it is about and rises to even further north. Add about height for the average building and the base of the tower is about below the rooftops in that area. The top of the tower is directly visible from most rooftops of Madrid, but it initially was thought and built to enhance television coverage in Southern Madrid.
The specific epithet, esculenta, means "edible" in Latin.
Karel Lambert wrote in 1967:
In 1993, Weise's father "Baby Dash" Lussier married Roma Jean Ryan. Lussier, Jr. had worked for a time at the Chippewa Trading Post on the reservation and as a logger. On July 21, 1997, when Jeff was nine, his father committed suicide by shooting himself. He had been in a standoff with the Red Lake Police Department for some days in Red Lake. His father, Daryl "Dash" Lussier, Sr., a sergeant in the tribal police force, had tried to intervene but was unable to bring a peaceful end.
One controversial application of VAD is in conjunction with predictive dialers used by telemarketing firms. In order to maximize agent productivity, telemarketing firms set up predictive dialers to call more numbers than they have agents available, knowing most calls will end up in either “Ring – No Answer” or answering machines. When a person answers, they typically speak briefly (“"Hello"”, “"Good evening"”, etc.) and then there is a brief period of silence. Answering machine messages usually contain 3–15 seconds of continuous speech. By setting VAD parameters correctly, dialers can determine whether a person or a machine answered the call, and if it's a person, transfer the call to an available agent. If it detects an answering machine, the dialer hangs up. Often, the system correctly detects a person answering the call, but no agent is available. This leaves the called party frustratedly repeating “Hello? Hello?” into the phone, and when combined with the volume of agents that did get through, created the impetus to develop “Do Not Call” lists across the US.

Most Type 57s used a twin-cam 3,257 cc engine based on that of the Type 49 but heavily modified by Jean Bugatti. Unlike the chain-drive twin-cam engines of the Type 50 and 51, the 57's engine used gears to transmit power from the crankshaft.
It is also possible to construct a ring interferometer that is self-contained, based on a completely different arrangement. This is called a ring laser or ring laser gyroscope. The light is generated and sustained by incorporating laser excitation in the path of the light.
On February 8, 2007, Reiner signed a 10-day contract with the Milwaukee Bucks, being signed until the end of the season on March 1. 
Digital television.
The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by Carlos Baeza. Musician Sting guest starred in the episode as himself, though the producers originally approached Bruce Springsteen to appear. The episode features cultural references to charity singles such as "We Are the World". Since airing, "Radio Bart" has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 14.1 and was the highest-rated show on the Fox network the week it aired. It was nominated for an Emmy Award, but lost to "A Claymation Easter".
