Features.
In 1997, along with Reynir Harðarson, Þórólfur founded CCP games for the purpose of making MMORPGs. In order to finance the initial development of "Eve Online", CCP developed and published a board game in Iceland called "Hættuspil" (""Danger Game"").
The men's normal hill individual ski jumping competition for the 1980 Winter Olympics was held at Lake Placid Olympic Ski Jumping Complex. It occurred on 17 February.
The Sena, coming from the conservative and orthodox Deccan, and upholding the Brahmanical system, were unlikely to perpetuate the social liberalism which had been encouraged during the Buddhist Pala period. The society the Senas created raised artificial barriers among peoples, high and low and thus inaugurated a social system which was diametrically opposed to the Pala society.

In August 1939, German pilots Werner Garms and Paul Raabe from Malahang took off en route to the Ogelgeng Lutheran Mission station near Mt. Hagen. After learning of the start of World War II in Europe, the two pilots decided to steal the plane and return to Germany. They flew to Merauke Airfield where the Junkers was abandoned, its ultimate fate is unknown. Garms and Raabe made their way by steamer to Japan and then via the Trans Siberian railway back to Germany, where both joined the Luftwaffe. Garms died over the Crimean front during the German invasion of Russia.
In March 2011, Nunn was among the 24 players who earned an invitation to the June 10–18, 2011 tryouts for FIBA U16 competition at the United States Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Nunn was one of four Chicago products to emerge from the 27-man tryouts as part of the 12-man team. He won a gold medal in the 2011 FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship, with Team USA in Cancun, Mexico. This qualified the United States for the 2012 FIBA U17 World Championship. The team, which was coached by Don Showalter of Mid-Prairie High School, scored over 100 points in each outing.
The International Belgian Open is an international track cycling meeting held at the Vlaams Wielercentrum Eddy Merckx in Ghent, Belgium. The first edition took place in 2013.

Dashen Beer Football Club is an Ethiopian football club based in Gondar. They are a member of the Ethiopian Football Federation national league. Their home stadium is Gondar Stadium.
Erika Bourguignon was born Erika Eichhorn in Vienna, Austria, on February 18, 1924, to Jewish parents Leopold H. and Charlotte (Rosenbaum) Eichhorn. In March 1938, when Erika was 14, Nazi Germany annexed Austria, and in the summer of 1938—only a few months before Kristallnacht—Erika and her parents left Austria for good. In Switzerland Leopold and Charlotte settled in Zurich while Erika attended an Orthodox Jewish boarding school in the Rhone Valley not far from Lausanne. The following year the family obtained visas to emigrate to the US, and in October, 1939, they arrived in New York City.
Cheshmeh Sardu (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sardū) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 12 families. 
Nuclear fusion at room temperature, of the type discussed in this report, would be contrary to all understanding gained of nuclear reactions in the last half century; it would require the invention of an entirely new nuclear process.
Aftermath.

Michelotti was also San Marino's only athlete at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics.
Series results.

