"Fuggi, fuggi, dolente cor," a version of the madrigal setting, provides the source material for Biagio Marini's 1655 trio sonata in G minor (Op. 22, “Sonata Sopra 'Fuggi dolente core'”).
Cucini made her professional opera debut in 1891 at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples as Lola in "Cavalleria rusticana", a role which she repeated later that year at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome. She spent the next several years singing in performances throughout Italy, including productions in Trieste, Milan, Venice, and Florence. In 1897 she sang the role of Dalila in Camille Saint-Saëns's "Samson et Dalila" at the Teatro Regio di Torino to great acclaim. Cucini became particularly associated with this role and portrayed in numerous productions throughout the next fourteen years, including the Teatro Comunale di Bologna (1899), Teatro Donizetti di Bergamo (1900), Teatro Regio di Parma (1902), Teatro Colón (1910), and a few performances of the role in Spain. 
Éxitos Eternos (Mijares album)
He was named as one of the Screen International Stars of Tomorrow 2012. He is represented by Independent Talent Group.
This database, called the Realkatalog in German, contains an index of all the academic publications owned by the German Archaeological Institute in Rome. These publications generally cover topics about Classical Studies, i.e. the history and archaeology of the region around the Mediterranean Sea from about 800 BCE to 476 CE. The data entry for this collection began in 1990, and currently all publications from 1956 to February 2009 have been indexed. This includes about half a million titles of books and articles, one hundred thousand authors, and one million subject words describing these.
His cultural involvement includes mentoring art professionals, contribution into the art and culture by leading workshops, training sessions, intellectual and art related discussions and a number performed projects in the area of entrepreneurship and establishment of enterprises for art related industries in Afghanistan and abroad. 
Unable to break into the Everton first-team, the following summer Henderson moved south to join Reading in the Southern League where he spent the next four years.
The Ahoms had their own tenets and faith. From the Ahom chronicles it can be known that when Lengdan (Indra), the God of heaven, sent two of his grandsons Khunlung and Khunlai to earth by a golden chain at that moment Gasingpha, the God of knowledge advised them to perform "Umpha", "Phuralong", "Medam Me Phi" and "Rikhan" worships in different months of a year on different occasions. Since that day till now "Me Dam Me Phi" has been observed by all the Ahoms.
Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).

Lubnowy Małe
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
Marszewo (German "Moritzhof") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
