Jeremy Maggs (born 1 February 1961) is a South African journalist, radio host and television presenter, best known for hosting the game show Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? and for anchoring the Primetime news show on DStv's eNews Channel. He has also co-hosted the quiz show Test The Nation and currently hosts his own show "Maggs On Media" - also on the eNews Channel, where he continues to watch the industry. In radio, Maggs co-presented SAfm's weekday afternoon current affairs programme, PM Live, as well as being the host of the Sunday morning media and advertising show, Media @ SAFM which focused on the advertising and communications industry. The program ran for 10 years and Maggs refers to it as his "great joy". He also is an editor, publishing The Annual; a hardcover of the yearly business in the media.
Factory Bridge

<doc id="36031017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36031017" title="Michael Scott (basketball)">
Education and early career.
The strong influence of Malaysia in religious education has involved a degree of Malayisation among the Cham community in Cambodia, including the wearing of Malay dress and the study of the Malay language. The many thousands of Chams who were allowed into Malaysia as refugees from the war in Indochina tended to be referred to by Malays in Malaysia as "Melayu Champa" ("Champa Malays") or "Melayu Kemboja" ("Cambodian Malays"). Another community in Cambodia, the Chvea who tend to live in villages in the southern region of Kampot, are a separate community from the Chams, who have illustrious historic roots in Vietnam. The Khmer-speaking Chvea are distinct from the Cham, and preferred to be called as 'Khmer Islam', so as not to draw attention to their foreignness. Nevertheless, they use Malay language religious materials, write in the Jawi script, and many also speak Malay. Both Chvea and Cham have in recent years been drawn into pan-Malay conferences and networks promoted primarily by Malaysia.
He signed for Drogheda United in July 2004

While in Australia, Patrizi played for Western Australia at Under-17 and Under-19 level between the 2002/03 and 2004/05 seasons. He also played for the Western Australia Second XI in the 2004/05 and 2005/06 seasons, though he was unable to force his way into the first eleven. In 2009, he played a single Second XI match in England for the Hampshire Second XI against the Somerset Second XI. Patrizi qualified to play for Italy due to his Italian heritage. His first appearance for Italy came against Ireland A in the 2010 European Cricket Championship Division One, in which Patrizi played five matches. He was then selected as part of Italy's squad for the 2010 World Cricket League Division Four, which was hosted by Italy. He made five appearances during the tournament, helping Italy earn promotion to the 2011 World Cricket League Division Three. Division Three was played in Hong Kong in January 2011, with Patrizi selected as part of Italy's thirteen man squad. He played in all six of Italy's matches in the tournament, scoring 158 runs at an average of 31.60, with a high score of 78. This was one of two half centuries he made in the tournament. Behind the stumps he took nine catches and made a single stumping.
Hounded (novel)
Torums Scarf Michael was entered into the 2000 Crufts dog show at the Birmingham NEC in the UK, as one of over 20,000 dogs competing. He was named Best in Show, while the English Cocker Spaniel Sh Ch. Wiljana Waterfall won reserve place. Mick and his owner were presented with the Crufts Best in Show trophy by Prince Michael of Kent and the Chairman of the Kennel Club, Peter James. It was the final Crufts competition prior to the relaxation of UK border controls, which would allow animals to more easily cross borders with the British Government's Pet passport scheme.


Lowsville is an unincorporated community in Monongalia County, West Virginia.


Chapinophis xanthocheilus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family. It is endemic to Guatemala, and has only been found in the cloud forests of the Sierra de las Minas range. This species is the only member of the monotypic genus Chapinophis.
Three days later, Blackpool hosted Birmingham City. Tom Ince opened the scoring on 17 minutes, but Curtis Davies put City level three minutes into the second half. Blackpool sat sixteenth with the point.
