Initially, Del Boy, Rodney and Grandad were the show's only regulars, along with the occasional appearances of dopey roadsweeper Trigger (Roger Lloyd-Pack) and pretentious used car salesman Boycie (John Challis). Over time, the cast expanded, mostly in the form of regulars at the local pub "The Nag's Head". These included pub landlord Mike (Kenneth MacDonald), lorry driver Denzil (Paul Barber), youthful spiv Mickey Pearce (Patrick Murray) and Boycie's flirtatious wife Marlene (Sue Holderness). Although the show still centred around the Trotter family, these characters became popular in their own right, contributing to the plots and humour.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk and Atatürk's Reforms
Form.
Biography.
The true parrots are about 350 species of colorful flighted (with a few notable exceptions) hookbilled, mostly herbivorous birds forming the superfamily Psittacoidea, one of the three superfamilies in the biological order "Psittaciformes" (parrots). True parrots are widespread, with species in Mexico, Central and South America, sub-Saharan Africa, India, Southeast Asia, Australia and eastwards across the Pacific Ocean as far as Polynesia. The true parrots include many of the familiar parrots including macaws, conures, lorikeets, eclectus, African Gray Parrot.
The image of Isis nursing her son was worshiped into the sixth century CE and has been resurrected by contemporary "cults" of an Earth Mother. That imagery may have been adopted by early Christians as well.
Prajna-paramita Sutras.
Environmental concerns and recycling.
Attitudes to armed struggle.
The bomb requires a spot of pulse-coded laser energy to home on; this can be supplied by the delivery aircraft, another aircraft (Buddy Lasing), or by a Ground Laser Designator. After release from the delivery aircraft, the thermal battery for the Guidance Computer Group fires to supply power; the arming wire for the fuze is withdrawn; the wings are released; and depending on the configuration, either the turbine generator or the safety switch (to power the fuze) is activated.
For a "supported" rider, luggage carrying is not important and a wider range of bicycle types may be suitable depending on the terrain.

Birds fly at varying altitudes during migration. An expedition to Mt. Everest found skeletons of northern pintail "Anas acuta" and black-tailed godwit "Limosa limosa" at 5000 m (16,400 ft) on the Khumbu Glacier. Bar-headed geese "Anser indicus" have been recorded by GPS flying at up to 6,540 metres while crossing the Himalayas, at the same time engaging in the highest rates of climb to altitude for any bird. Anecdotal reports of them flying much higher have yet to be corroborated with any direct evidence. Seabirds fly low over water but gain altitude when crossing land, and the reverse pattern is seen in landbirds. However most bird migration is in the range of 150 m (500 ft) to 600 m (2000 ft). Bird strike aviation records from the United States show most collisions occur below 600 m (2000 ft) and almost none above 1800 m (6000 ft).
Although credited with shaking up the Arab League’s bureaucracy, Moussa has been criticized by former and current staff members of the Arab League for his management of the organization. In his book, "The League of the Arab States: what’s left of it", former Arab League and Syrian diplomat Kawkab Najib El Rayess accused Moussa of favoritism and promoting his loyalists into the high ranks of the Arab League at the expense of the more-qualified diplomats.
In 2010, Lilith Fair staged a revival with mixed results, as several dates were canceled and many performers backed out of scheduled performances.
A few years later, Crosbie made a similar impact as another Queen, Queen Victoria, in the ITV period drama "Edward the Seventh" (1975), for which she won the 1976 BAFTA Television Award for Best Actress. She played Cinderella's fairy godmother in "The Slipper and the Rose", which was chosen as the Royal Film Première for 1976. In that film, Crosbie sang the Sherman Brothers' song, "Suddenly It Happens". In Ralph Bakshi's animated movie, "The Lord of the Rings", filmed in 1978, Crosbie voiced the character of Galadriel, Lady of the Elves. In 1980, she played the abbess in "Hawk the Slayer". In 1986, she appeared as the vicar's wife in "Paradise Postponed" and Julia Wilson in "Farrington" (1987).
Despite Siamese concessions, French armies continued the occupation of Chantaburi and Trat for another 10 years. An agreement was reached in 1903 that French troops would leave Chantaburi but hold the coast land from Trat to Koh Kong. In 1906, the final agreement was reached. Trat was returned to Siam but the French kept Koh Kong and received Inner Cambodia.
His compositions were largely neglected for many years after his death, but he was remembered as a great virtuoso and arranger of Bach for the piano. Around the 1980s there was a revival of interest in his work.
The Atlantic puffin diet consists almost entirely of fish, though examination of its stomach contents shows that it occasionally eats shrimps, other crustaceans, molluscs and polychaete worms, especially in more coastal waters. When fishing, it swims underwater using its semi-extended wings as paddles to "fly" through the water and its feet as a rudder. It swims fast and can reach considerable depths and stay submerged for up to a minute. It can eat shallow-bodied fish as long as but its prey is commonly smaller fish, around long. It has been estimated that an adult bird needs to eat about forty of these per day—sand eels, herring, sprats and capelin being the most often consumed. It fishes by sight and can swallow small fish while submerged, but larger specimens are brought to the surface. It can catch several small fish in one dive, holding the first ones in place in its beak with its muscular, grooved tongue while it catches others. The two mandibles are hinged in such a way that they can be held parallel to hold a row of fish in place and these are also retained by inward-facing serrations on the edges of the beak. It copes with the excess salt that it swallows partly through its kidneys and partly by excretion through specialised salt glands in its nostrils.
FR Yugoslavia (Defacto:Serbia and Montenegro):
United Kingdom.
The variance of formula_34 is, for a zero-mean function as above, given by formula_39. If these data were samples taken from an electrical signal, this would be its average power (power is energy per unit time, so it is analogous to variance if energy is analogous to the amplitude squared).
As noted above, the syllables of shape-note systems greatly antedate the shapes. The practice of singing music to syllables designating pitch goes back to about AD 1000 with the work of Guido of Arezzo; other early work in this area includes the cipher notation of Jean-Jacques Rousseau (18th century), and the tonic sol-fa of John Curwen (19th century).
Others.
His artwork is featured on a Burton snowboard, in a line of snowboards titled "The Farm". He recently designed and painted the album cover for Twin Berlin's debut album.

Norway's best single result is arguably the 2–1 win against Brazil on 23 June 1998 in the World Cup group stage (a game, before which Brazil were already the group winner). Norway is in fact the only team in the world that has played against Brazil and never lost. In its four matches all-time against Brazil, Norway have won twice, and drawn on the other two occasions.
September 2012 saw the completion of the new buildings and facilities for INTO Newcastle University on the University campus. The main building provides 18 new teaching rooms, a Learning Resource Centre, a lecture theatre, science lab, administrative and academic offices and restaurant.
History.
Air raids were frequent in the area, and "Houston"s gunners shot down four Japanese planes in the Battle of Bali Sea (also known as the Battle of Makassar Strait) on 4 February 1942, as Admiral Karel Doorman of the Royal Netherlands Navy took his force to engage a Japanese invasion convoy reported to be at Balikpapan. "Houston" took one hit, disabling her No. 3 turret. Doorman was forced to abandon his advance following the damage to "Houston", as well as damage that forced the cruiser out of the battle area.
Each of the ten knowledge areas contains the processes that need to be accomplished within its discipline in order to achieve effective project management. Each of these processes also falls into one of the five process groups, creating a matrix structure such that every process can be related to one knowledge area and one process group.
Classification.
The first of the constellation of Skynet 5 vehicles (Skynet 5A) was launched by an Ariane 5 rocket at 22:03 GMT on 11 March 2007, in a launch shared with the Indian INSAT 4B civil communications satellite, and entered full service on 10 May 2007. The launch was delayed from 10 March due to malfunction of a launch pad deluge system. Skynet 5A successfully separated from its launch vehicle and Telemetry was acquired by its dedicated Control Centre approximately 40 minutes after launch.
Several attempts have been made to transmit signals to other stars as well, see "Realized projects" at Active SETI and Interstellar Radio Messages. One of the earliest and most famous was the 1974 radio message sent from the largest radio telescope in the world, the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico. An extremely simple message was aimed at a globular cluster of stars known as M13 in the Milky Way Galaxy and at a distance of 30,000 light years from our solar system. These efforts have been more symbolic than anything else, however. Further, a possible answer needs double the travel time, i.e. tens of years (near stars) or 60,000 years (M13). Sending Interstellar Radio Messages between stars may prove to be optimal for many applications.
East coast hostilities erupted in April 1865 and, as in the Second Taranaki War, sprang from Māori resentment of punitive government land confiscations coupled with the embrace of radical Pai Marire expression. The religion arrived on the east coast from Taranaki in early 1865. The subsequent ritual killing of missionary Carl Volkner by Pai Mārire followers at Opotiki on 2 March 1865 sparked settler fears of an outbreak of violence and later that year the New Zealand government launched a lengthy expedition to hunt for Volkner's killers and neutralise the movement's influence. Rising tensions between Pai Mārire followers and conservative Māori led to a number of wars between and within Māori "iwi", with "kūpapa" armed by the government in a bid to exterminate the movement.
USS "Vesuvius" was a bomb ketch, and the first ship of the United States Navy named for the Italian volcano.
The warrant also specified the motto "Parva sub ingenti".
Called "AJ" by friends, Budrys was born Algirdas Jonas Budrys in Königsberg in East Prussia. He was the son of the consul general of the Lithuanian government, (the pre-World War II government still recognized after the war by the United States, even though the Soviet-sponsored government was in power throughout most of Budrys's life). His family was sent to the United States by the Lithuanian government in 1936 when Budrys was 5 years old. During most of his adult life, he held a captain's commission in the Free Lithuanian Army.
Recent historical research has shown that the Mongols, who destroyed Nanzhao in 1253 and made the area a province of their empire—naming it Yunnan—exercised a decisive political influence in the middle Mekong Valley for the better part of a century. In 1271 Panya Lang, founder of a new dynasty headed by rulers bearing the title panya (lord), began his rule over a fully sovereign Muang Sua. In 1286 Panya Lang's son, Panya Khamphong, was involved in a coup d'état that was probably instigated by the Mongols and that exiled his father. Upon his father's death in 1316, Panya Khamphong assumed his throne.

Mira variables are popular targets for amateur astronomers interested in variable star observations, because of their dramatic changes in brightness. Some Mira variables (including Mira itself) have reliable observations stretching back well over a century.
Personal life.
Background.
Douzi walks in on the eunuch Zhang, catching him in a lascivious embrace with a young girl. Douzi is afraid as the man eyes him up and down. He wishes to find Shitou because, he says, "I have to pee." The old man brings a jar, and tells him to urinate, staring in lust at the boy's body. The old eunuch then grabs for him. Douzi tries to flee, but Zhang catches him and pushes him to the ground. Hours later he emerges, and Shitou cannot get him to say a word. It is clear that Douzi has been traumatized. On their way home, Douzi spies a baby abandoned in the street. Master Guan urges Douzi to leave the baby, saying "we each have our own fate, or yuanfen," but Douzi takes him in and eventually Master Guan trains him.
Belgium.

The vessels built for BC Ferries were intended to improve ferry service between the mainland terminal of Horseshoe Bay (in West Vancouver) and the Vancouver Island terminal at Departure Bay (in Nanaimo). 
At the end of April, the Court convened in Boston, Suffolk County, and cleared Capt. John Alden by proclamation, and heard charges against a servant girl, Mary Watkins, for falsely accusing her mistress of witchcraft. In May, the Court convened in Ipswich, Essex County, held a variety of grand juries who dismissed charges against all but five people. Susannah Post, Eunice Frye, Mary Bridges Jr., Mary Barker and William Barker Jr. were all found not guilty at trial, putting an end to the episode.
In the U.S. Army, a task force is a battalion-sized (usually, although there are variations in size) "ad hoc" unit formed by attaching smaller elements of other units. A company-sized unit with an armored or mechanized infantry unit attached is called a "company team". A similar unit at the brigade level is called a "brigade combat team" (BCT), and there is also a similar "Regimental combat team" (RCT).
Heinrich Christian Schumacher (September 3, 1780 – December 28, 1850) was a German-Danish astronomer.
A "saltorel" is a narrow saltire; the term is usually defined as one-half the width of the saltire, and is a relatively recent "innovation" which is really not very different from a "fillet saltire" (as in the South African coat of National Cultural and Open-air Museum: "Or; an ogress charged with a fillet saltire surmounted by an eight spoked wheel or, and ensigned of a billet sable; a chief nowy gabled, Sable").
As a plantation dance.
Meaning.
South Valley.
She appeared as herself in the "Married... with Children episode" 1108 (243) "The Juggs Have Left The Building", original air date December 1, 1996.
German defeat.
Taking on board survivors from "Ommaney Bay" from the destroyer , "West Virginia" entered the South China Sea on the morning of the following day, 5 January 1945, defending the carriers during the day from Japanese air attacks. Subsequently, the battleship moved close inshore with the carriers outside to carry out a bombardment mission on San Fernando Point. "West Virginia" hammered Japanese installations ashore with her guns.
Heart of Jesus, propitiation for our offenses.
Air Force insignia.
Published by Bantam Books.
See "Annals of a Publishing House; William Blackwood and his Sons ..." (1897–1898), the first two volumes of which were written by Mrs Oliphant; the third, dealing with John Blackwood, by his daughter, Mrs Gerald Porter.
Save the Children's research data shows that for 2008/2009, Southend had 4,000 children living in poverty, a rate of 12%, the same as Thurrock, but above the 11% child poverty rate of the rest of Essex. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2011/feb/23/child-poverty-britain-map]
In 1675 the stress of a possible revival of the divorce project indirectly led to another illness, which Catherine's physicians claimed and her husband cannot fail to have noted, was 'due as much to mental as physical causes'. In the same year all Irish and English Catholic priests were ordered to leave the country, which left Catherine dependent upon foreign priests. As increasingly harsher measures were put in place against Catholics, Catherine appointed her close friend and adviser, the devoutly Catholic Francisco de Mello, former Portuguese Ambassador to England, as her Lord Chamberlain. It was an unusual and controversial move but 'wishing to please Catherine and perhaps demonstrate the futility of moves for divorce, the King granted his permission. De Mello was dismissed the following year for ordering the printing of a Catholic book, leaving the beleaguered Catherine even more isolated at court. One consolation was that Louise de Kéroualle, who replaced Barbara Palmer as reigning mistress, always treated the Queen with proper deference; the Queen in return used her own influence to protect Louise during the Popish Plot.
Emanationism is a cosmological theory which asserts that all things "flow" from an underlying principle or reality, usually called the Absolute or Godhead. Any teachings which involve emanation are usually in opposition to creation ex nihilo as emanation advocates that everything has always existed and has not been "created" from nothing.
There are many small- and medium-size firms involved in the processing and standardization of agricultural products as well as a number of enterprises devoted to wood processing, furniture manufacturing, and metal construction. The Karelia tobacco company is based in Kalamata.
The film is based on people whom screenwriter William Inge knew while growing up in Kansas in the 1920s. He told the story to director Elia Kazan when they were working on a production of Inge's play "The Dark at the Top of the Stairs", in 1957. They agreed that it would make a good film and that they wanted to work together on it. Inge wrote it first as a novel, then as a screenplay.
Words of Wang's discovery drew the attention of a joint British/Indian group led by Hungarian archaeologist Aurel Stein who was on an archaeological expedition in the area in 1907. Stein negotiated with Wang to allow him to remove a significant number of manuscripts as well as the finest paintings and textiles for a fee. He was followed by a French expedition under Paul Pelliot who acquired many thousands of items in 1908, and then by a Japanese expedition under Otani Kozui in 1911 and a Russian expedition under Sergei F. Oldenburg in 1914. A well-known scholar Luo Zhenyu edited some of the manuscripts Pelliot acquired into a volume which was then published in 1909 as "Manuscripts of the Dunhuang Caves" (敦煌石室遺書).
The young stars in H II regions show evidence for containing planetary systems. The Hubble Space Telescope has revealed hundreds of "protoplanetary disks" (proplyds) in the Orion Nebula. At least half the young stars in the Orion Nebula appear to be surrounded by disks of gas and dust, thought to contain many times as much matter as would be needed to create a planetary system like the Solar System.
Cohousing differs from some types of intentional communities in that the residents do not have a shared economy or a common set of beliefs or religion, but instead invest in creating a socially rich and interconnected community. A non-hierarchical structure employing a consensus decision-making model is common in managing cohousing. Individuals do take on leadership roles, such as being responsible for coordinating a garden or facilitating a meeting.
The University awarded Mulock an Honorary Doctorate of Laws in 1894.
In early 1985, Clarke put an ad in "Melody Maker" for a singer, and one applicant was Andy Bell, who was a fan of his earlier projects. He teamed with Bell to form the group Erasure, and the duo became one of the major selling acts in British music with international hits like "Oh L'amour", "Sometimes", "Chains of Love", "A Little Respect", "Chorus", "Love to Hate You", "Take a Chance on Me" and "Always".
It too remains a derelict in Earth orbit .
William Moultrie
Dagö was formed in 1998 by Lauri Saatpalu, Peeter Rebane and Tiit Kikas. Dagö is the old name of Hiiumaa, an Estonian island. The band's first album, "Dagö", was released in 2000, and received the Folk/Ethno Album Of The Year award in Estonia. Toomas Rull (drums) and Raul Vaigla (bass) joined the band soon after. In 2001, Dagö won first prize in the "Midsummer Night’s Improvisational Festival" in Pärnu. Tiit Kikas left the group in 2002, and producer and musician Kristo Kotkas became the “invisible member” of the band. The second album, "Toiduklubi (Food Club)", was released in the same year, and Taavi Kerikmäe, a keyboard player, joined the band soon after. Their third album, "Hiired Tuules (Mice in the Wind)", was released in 2003, and in the same year drummer Petteri Hasa also joined the band. The fourth album, "Joonistatud mees (The Picture Perfect Man)", was released in 2006. Also in 2006, the band were awarded the folk rock "Group Of The Year award" in Estonia. The fifth album, "Möödakarvapai (Smoothing Caress)", was released in 2008, and soon after, the band announced that they were disbanding. In autumn 2010 the band started recording again, with new members, and in March 2011 they released their sixth studio album, "Plaan Delta".
Geography.
The mission of the Optical Society is to promote the generation, dissemination, application, and archiving of knowledge in optics and photonics. The purposes of the Society are scientific, technical, and educational.
Ted Parker (Kennedy), the club president is forced to resign following an assault on a stripper. The incident could have been kept quiet but for backstabbing from various board members, especially Jock (Frank Wilson) and Gerry (Alan Cassell).
Robinson was 6 ft. 8 in. when he was admitted to the Naval Academy, two inches above the height limit, but received a waiver from the Superintendent of the Academy. Robinson considered leaving the academy after his second year, before incurring an obligation to serve in active duty. He decided to stay after discussing with the Superintendent the likelihood that his height would prevent serving at sea as an unrestricted line officer, hurting his naval career, and might make it impossible for him to be commissioned at all. As a compromise, Secretary of the Navy John Lehman allowed Robinson to train for and receive his commission as a staff officer in the Civil Engineer Corps community. As a result, Robinson was commissioned in the Naval Reserves and only had to serve an initial active-duty obligation for two years. After graduating from the Naval Academy, Robinson became a civil engineering officer at the Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay in Georgia. He was regularly featured in recruiting materials for the service. Despite the nickname "Admiral", Robinson's actual rank upon fulfilling his service commitment was Lieutenant, Junior Grade.
Each town or city had one or more tutelary deities, whose protection was considered particularly vital in time of war and siege. Rome itself was protected by a goddess whose name was to be kept ritually secret on pain of death (for a supposed case, see Quintus Valerius Soranus). The Capitoline Triad of Juno, Jupiter, and Minerva were also tutelaries of Rome. The Italic towns had their own tutelary deities. Juno often had this function, as at the Latin town of Lanuvium and the Etruscan city of Veii, and was often housed in an especially grand temple on the "arx" (citadel) or other prominent or central location. The tutelary deity of Praeneste was Fortuna, whose oracle was renowned.
<doc id="207924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=207924" title="President Bush">
Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd. was established in 1934 with the aim of being the first Japanese producer of photographic films. Over the following 10 years, the company produced photographic films, motion-picture films and X-ray films. In the 1940s, Fuji Photo entered the optical glasses, lenses and equipment markets. After the Second World War, Fuji Photo diversified, penetrating the medical (X-ray diagnosis), printing, electronic imaging and magnetic materials fields. In 1962, Fuji Photo and U.K.-based Rank Xerox Limited (now Xerox Limited) launched Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. through a joint venture.
In many parliamentary democracies, strict time limits exist as to the proposing of a no confidence motion, with a vote only allowed once every three, four or six months. Thus knowing when to use a motion of no confidence is a matter of political judgement; using a motion of no confidence on a relatively trivial matter may prove counterproductive to its proposer if a more important issue suddenly arises which warrants a motion of no confidence, because a motion cannot be proposed if one had been voted on recently and cannot be proposed again for a number of months. Sometimes, the government will choose to declare that one of its bills is a "motion of confidence" in order to prevent dissident members of parliament from voting against it.
Burgundian and Habsburg Netherlands.
In Hispanic cultures shyness and inhibition with authority figures is common. For instance, Hispanic students may feel shy towards being praised by teachers in front of others, because in these cultures students are rewarded in private with a touch, a smile, or spoken word of praise. Hispanic students may seem shy when they are not. It is considered rude to excel over peers and siblings; therefore it is common for Hispanic students to be reserved in classroom settings. Adults also show reluctance to share personal matters about themselves to authority figures such as nurses and doctors.
Society of Arts and Science, Walter Russell president (1927-1935).
Zooniverse, which is part of the Adler's citizen science department, is the world's leading citizen science platform. It is a global collaboration across several institutions that design and build citizen science projects. Zooniverse has engaged more than 900,000 online volunteers as active scientists by discovering planets, mapping the surface of Mars and detecting solar flares.
The Leader of the Opposition is a title traditionally held by the leader of the largest party not in government in a Westminster System of parliamentary government. The Leader of the Opposition is seen as the alternative Prime Minister, Premier or Chief Minister to the incumbent and heads a rival alternative government known as the Shadow Cabinet or Opposition Front Bench.
Fulmars are highly pelagic outside the breeding season, like most tubenoses, feeding on fish, squid, shrimps or offal. The range of these species increased greatly in the 20th century due to the availability of fish offal from commercial fleets, but may contract because of less food from this source and climatic change. The population increase has been especially notable in the British Isles.
Eastern Finland Province
<doc id="208826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=208826" title="Eurovision Song Contest 1999">

The use of nuclear fuel and the high-level radioactive waste the nuclear industry generates is highly hazardous to people and wildlife. Radiocontaminants in the environment can enter the food chain and become bioaccumulated. Internal or external exposure can cause mutagenic DNA breakage producing teratogenic generational birth defects, cancers and other damage. The United Nations (UNSCEAR) estimated in 2008 that average annual human radiation exposure includes 0.01 mSv (milli-Sievert) from the legacy of past atmospheric nuclear testing plus the Chernobyl disaster and the nuclear fuel cycle, along with 2.0 mSv from natural radioisotopes and 0.4 mSv from cosmic rays; all exposures vary by location. natural uranium radioisotopes in nuclear waste and naturally in the ground emits radiation for the prolonged period of 4.5 billion years or more, and storage has risks of containment. The storage of waste, health implications and dangers of radioactive fuel continue to be a topic of debate, resulting in a controversial and unresolved industry.
Although de Vaux's excavations of Qumran were quite exhaustive, and thereby the most important source of information on the settlement, there have been several excavations since de Vaux finished his work. As de Vaux left little of the settlement unexcavated, later archaeologists have often turned elsewhere to continue research, including dump sites from de Vaux's excavations. During the 1960s, according to Catherine Murphy, there were some unpublished excavations at Qumran by John Allegro and by Solomon Steckoll. Steckoll also carried out work in the cemetery, excavating twelve tombs. In 1967 restoration work was performed at Qumran by R.W. Dajjani of the Department of Antiquities of Jordan.
The appointment of General Héctor Fautario, a loyalist of Perón, to the branch's high command, fueled broader support in the Air Force for action against her administration, and on 18 December, General Jesús Capellini attempted a coup d'état by seizing the Morón Airport and Air Base. The military joint chiefs, however, who obtained Fautario's dismissal, stayed the mutiny's hand, secretly concluding that the timing was premature. Partly in response, the nearly defeated ERP besieged the important Monte Chingolo Armory on 23 December, which claimed the lives of six military personnel and 85 guerrilla members; this defeat marked the end of the ERP's violent campaign.

Second reformation (2010–present).
The genre began to burn out by the late-1970s when the big-budget films "The Swarm" (1978), "Meteor" (1979) and "When Time Ran Out..." (1980) performed poorly at the box office signaling declining interest in the disaster film product.

Under orders from Souphanouvong, the Pathet Lao battalions refused to be integrated into the Royal Lao Army. Souphanouvong was then arrested and imprisoned, along with his aides. The two Pathet Lao battalions, one after the other, escaped during the night with no shots fired, taking their equipment, families, and domestic animals with them. On 23 May, Souphanouvong and his companions also escaped unscathed.
The massacre.

Questionable Equality.
On 4 March 2007, former Crown Prince Alexander announced plans to have his father's remains repatriated to Serbia. The plan upset some Serbian-Americans. Peter II had chosen St. Sava Serbian Orthodox Monastery as his interim resting place because of the extenuating circumstances that afflicted his homeland. After talks with the Serbian government, the move was confirmed in January 2013 with the burial place being the Royal Family Mausoleum in Oplenac.
A joint or articulation (or articulate surface) is the location at which bones connect. They are constructed to allow movement (except for skull, sacral, sternal, and pelvic bones) and provide mechanical support, and are classified structurally and functionally.
An old term of venery for swallows is a "flight" or "sweep."
The species "Prionessus lucifer" was named by Matthew W.D. and Granger W. in 1925. Fossil remains have been found in the Upper Paleocene strata of Gashato, Naran and Nomogen in Bayan Ulan of Mongolia and China.
As the 1980s arrived, so did electronic funk, sampling drum beats fused with old school rap format. Disco Construction changed its name into Wreckin' Cru. Lonzo hired local DJs Antoine "Yella" Carraby and Andre "Dr. Dre" Young who were DJs on KDAY. This period would also create history as Dre and Yella would cross paths with a teenage performing group called C.I.A. (group) (Cru' In Action) starring O'Shea "Ice Cube" Jackson, Dre’s cousin Tony ‘Sir Jinx’ Wheatob and Darrell ‘K-Dee’ Johnson who caught the attention of regular patron, and local drug dealer Eric ‘Eazy-E’ Wright, who was looking to capitalize on this new fad and turn his business legal. 
Her daughter was the actress Dorothy Hyson, who was married to Sir Anthony Quayle. Dorothy Hyson Quayle died, aged 81, one year after her mother's death at age 102.
In August 1919 Jewish properties, including synagogues, were seized and many Jewish communities were dissolved. The anti-religious laws against all expressions of religion and religious education were being taken out on the Jewish population, just like on other religious groups. Many Rabbis and other religious officials were forced to resign from their posts under the threat of violent persecution. This type of persecution continued on into the 1920s.
Behaviour and ecology.

World War II.
The Mississippi State University of Agriculture and Applied Science, commonly known as Mississippi State University (MSU), is a land-grant university located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi, United States, partially in the town of Starkville and partially in an unincorporated area. Mississippi State, Mississippi, is the official designation for the area that encompasses the university.
Media.
Order: Bucerotiformes. Family: Upupidae
The use of the name "Heteroptera" has a long history at the rank of order, dating back to Latreille, 1810, and it is only recently that it has been relegated to a subsidiary rank within a larger definition of Hemiptera, so many reference works still include it as an order. Whether to continue treating it as a suborder is still a subject of some controversy, as is whether the name itself should be used at all, though three basic approaches ranging from abolishing it entirely to maintaining the taxonomy with a slight change in systematics are proposed, two of which (but not the traditional one) agree with the phylogeny. The competing classifications basically boil down to preference for two suborders versus one when the "living fossil" family Peloridiidae is taken into consideration:
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors, I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.
argument of Einstein, Podolsky and Rosen contains an ambiguity as regards the meaning of the expression "without in any way disturbing a system." ... at this stage [i.e., the measurement of, for example, a particle that is part of an entangled pair, there is essentially the question of an influence on the very conditions which define the possible types of predictions regarding the future behavior of the system. Since these conditions constitute an inherent element of the description of any phenomenon to which the term "physical reality" can be properly attached, we see that the argumentation of the mentioned authors does not justify their conclusion that quantum-mechanical description is essentially incomplete."
On 4 January 1942 "Nachi" and the other vessels of Admiral Tanaka’s invasion force were attacked by USAAF B-17 Flying Fortress bombers while at anchor at Davao. "Myōkō" was hit by one 500 lb bomb, causing only superficial damage, but Admiral Tanaka transferred his flag to "Nachi", sending "Myōkō" back to Sasebo for repairs.
The "vertical lift" of a function "f" : "M" → R is the function "fv" : "TM" → R defined by formula_28, where π : "TM" → "M" is the canonical projection.
When addressing a letter to the holder of a particular position without knowing the name or gender of the addressee, it is common to write ""Dear Sir or Madam,"". When writing to a newspaper editor, the correct English usage is to omit the "Dear" and commence simply "Sir," or "Madam," etc.
The principal functions of B cells are to make antibodies against antigens, to perform the role of antigen-presenting cells (APCs), and to develop into memory B cells after activation by antigen interaction. B cells also release cytokines (proteins), which are used for signaling immune regulatory functions.
Cover does not appear to be important as dead trees with bare branches are used. 
In 2010, Biz Markie appeared on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of All Time", providing commentary throughout the series. Biz Markie himself was not included on the list.
<doc id="212193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=212193" title="Coagulation">
"Passiflora xishuangbannaensis" is a recently discovered passionflower species that is endemic to Xishuangbanna.
Emacs also introduced an elaborate numbered backup scheme, with files named filename.~1~, filename.~2~ and so on. It didn't catch on, probably because version control software does this better.
Draft and Minor Leagues.
Stone Temple Pilots, Linkin Park, Puddle of Mudd, Staind, Static-X, Deadsy, and Spike 1000
Notable hierarchs of the Ecumenical Patriarchate are the popular writer Kallistos (Timothy) Ware, an assistant-bishop in the Archdiocese of Thyateira, and author of "The Orthodox Church", the best-known introduction to the Orthodox Church in English and John Zizioulas Metropolitan of Pergamon, a well-known professor of Systematic Theology.
