<br>Miss Samaná
<doc id="19923238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923238" title="Max Ehrich">
Early life.
Although the Liberal party was not expecting to overturn such a large Labour majority, they hoped to do well enough in the by-election to help encourage the party in the rest of the country. Lloyd George ensured that the Liberal's campaign was sufficiently funded through the 'Lloyd George Fund'. 
VORTEX2 technology allowed trucks with radar to be placed in and near tornadic storms and allowed continuous observations of the tornadic activity. Howard Bluestein, a meteorology professor at the University of Oklahoma said, "We will be able to distinguish between rain, hail, dust, debris, flying cows."
Species.
Theclopsis is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.
That's why I'm lonely, no home at all;
Eleanor Vere Boyle
As a result of Florida governmental restructuring in July 1969, the bureau became the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, or FDLE. As a department of the executive branch of government, FDLE was headed by the Governor and Cabinet. The FDLE commissioner was appointed by the Governor with the approval of three members of the Cabinet and subject to confirmation by the Florida Senate. At the time, the department consisted of four divisions – Operations, Administrative Intelligence, Criminal Identification and Information, and Training and Inspection.

Controversial Clients.
<doc id="19931601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931601" title="Terry Kelly (singer)">
The Sanitary Act of 1866, administered by local authorities, provided for general sanitation in any factories and workshops not under existing factory acts, and the Workshops Regulation Act of 1867, similarly to be administered by local authorities, amended in 1870, practically completed the application of the main principle of the factory acts to all places in which manual labour was exercised for gain in the making or finishing of articles or parts of articles for sale. A few specially dangerous or injurious trades brought under regulation in 1864 and 1867 (e.g. earthenware and lucifer match making, glass-making) ranked as "factories," although not using mechanical power, and for a time employment of less than fifty persons relegated certain work-places to the category of "workshops," but broadly the presence or absence of such motor power in aid of process was made and has remained the distinction between factories and workshops.
<doc id="19932850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932850" title="Prince Januarius, Count of Caltagirone">

The "Ulcisia" altar describes the dedicator, P. Aelius Aelianus, as prefect of the Second legion, thus confirming that he was the same man as the one who had commissioned the sarcophagus of Martialis and Fl. Agatha. It adds the additional information that he was "protector nostri augusti Gallieni" – i.e. 'Protector of Our Majestic Lord Gallienus'. He was, thus, one of the earliest known recipients of that title. However, that the honorific should refer to 'Our Majestic Gallienus' rather than to 'Our Majestic Lords' (i.e. Valerian and Gallienus) as in the case of L. Petronius Taurus Volusianus shows that the inscription can be dated to the period of Gallienus's sole reign, but in the early part of that period when the honour was still awarded to senior officers rather than centurions as was later the case.(See Protectores Augusti Nostri. His possession of the title also suggests that when he commanded "Leg. II Adjutrix" that unit was brigaded with the Imperial "comitatus" rather than serving with the provincial garrison of "Pannonia Inferior" - its usual station during High Empire period 
