Tungutalum was a traditional owner on the Tiwi Islands. He died in 2009 of a heart attack.
Frontside and backside.

Mount Nivea () is a conspicuous, snow-topped mountain, 1,265 m, at the head of Sunshine Glacier on Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands. A number of rock towers lie on the northwest side. Surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1948-49, and named by them for the snow petrel (Pagodroma nivea) which breeds in this area.

The Ming commander crushed a Miao rebellion in 1460, and castrated 1,565 Miao boys, which resulted in the deaths of 329 of them. They were then turned into eunuch slaves. This event occurred during the rule of the Zhengtong Emperor (Yingcong or Ying Tsung). Since 329 of the boys died, even more were needed to be castrated.
The project of Line 1 had a cost of $1.452 billion. The Panama Metro authority, in charge of the planning, construction, and execution of the project, has a budget of $200 million for the year 2012. In December 2011, the Secretaría del Metro de Panamá clarified that the updated cost of the project is billion, including public utilities relocations and engineering and project management costs.
Saint Flewyn
<doc id="29414043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29414043" title="Joanna Bartel">
The Nalband of Punjab and Haryana are divided into two major groups, the Deshwali and the Multani. The former are said to be natives of Punjab and Haryana, while latter were migrants from Multan in Pakistan. Both groups intermarry, and unlike other Haryana Muslims, they do not practice clan exogamy. In Punjab, the community practices village exogamy, and have been strongly influences by Sikhism, as they live in villages that tend to be dominated by the Sikh community.
Crawford received an honorary doctorate from Georgia Tech in 1931, and was a member of the Georgia Tech Board of Trustees until its replacement by the Georgia Board of Regents in 1932. He is listed in the University of Alabama Culverhouse College of Commerce's Alabama Business Hall of Fame. He was a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.


The song was written by Nicki Minaj herself, J. R. Rotem, Robbie Furze, Millo Cordell, Cleveland Browne, Greville Gordon and Wycliffe Johnson, and was produced by J. R. Rotem. The song also contains interpolations of "Trailar Load a Girls". The song contains a strong feminist side to it, as Minaj implies that she can take fans away from other rappers, she also names divas. After the release of the track, it debuted at number thirty-two, in the United Kingdom. The song gained positive reviews from critics; with one describing the song as having a "youthful glean" and another saying that "fellas should be warned". Minaj has stated that she would like to feature all the people she mentioned in the song, in the music video. It's unknown if the video is being made, but on Nicki Minaj's Twitter she said,"two questions: what divas did I mention in girls fall like dominoes, and who should be in the video?".
