Condylolomia
History.
Gwiazda Polarna (Polish for "Pole Star") is "America's oldest independent Polish-language newspaper." It has been published since 1908 in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
St. Gatien was unbeaten in three minor races as a two-year-old. His wins were in the Teddington Plate at Kempton, the John O’Gaunt Plate at Manchester Racecourse and the Little John Plate at Nottingham. The combined value of the three was less than £500.
Hawley made a single first-class appearance for Nottinghamshire against Yorkshire at Trent Bridge in the 1897 County Championship. He bowled 14 wicketless overs in Yorkshire's first-innings, while in Nottinghamshire's first-innings he was dismissed for a single run by Bobby Peel. In Yorkshire's second-innings he took the wicket of George Hirst, finishing with figures of 1/31 from 10 overs. The match ended in a draw. 
Traditional Anna Dāna Events.
Barbara Slade
Despite being quite crude, the design constitutes the pattern along which virtually every subsequent 35mm SLR camera is built, regardless of place of origin. The highly regarded 35mm SLR Kine Exakta, by Ihagee in Dresden, that preceded it by some three years, is extremely complicated by comparison, and although it provides the same functions, is quite differently built. The Praktiflex has a 40mm screw lens mount, while the later Praktica models, after World War II when the factory was part of the VEB Pentacon, uses the 42mm screw mount. The Praktiflex has one feature inherited from the large format plate SLR cameras that otherwise was unsolved in the 35mm SLR cameras until 1954; the instant return mirror is lifted by the power of the finger depressing the shutter release, and it returns when the finger pressure is released. The button, with a rather long travel, is placed at the right-hand camera top plate. The slanted script is embossed in the name plate in front of the collapsible waist-level finder.


In 2011, for the fourth consecutive year, Jones Lang LaSalle has been named to the "World's Most Ethical Companies" list by Ethisphere Institute – a think tank dedicated to the sharing of best practices in business ethics, corporate social responsibility and sustainability.

<doc id="33880140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33880140" title="John A. Decker">
<doc id="33880894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33880894" title="Harold Oliver (footballer)">

Ståhlberg, a moderate, liberal and reformist politician, who favoured improving the material well-being of workers and other economically poor Finns, received the votes of Social Democrats, Agrarians and Progressives. He also firmly supported the new Finnish Republic, and a parliamentary form of government with a strong President as a mediator and a political reserve for politically troubled times. Mannerheim, an independent right-winger and monarchist, suspected the democratic, republican and parliamentary form of government of producing too partisan political leaders, and of working ineffectively during crises. Ståhlberg favoured the signing of peace treaty between Finland and the Soviet Russia, while Mannerheim in the summer of 1919 strongly considered ordering the Finnish army to invade St. Petersburg to help the Russian Whites in that country's civil war. Only the National Coalitioners and Swedish People's Party voted for Mannerheim in this presidential election (see, for example, Raimo Salokangas, "An Independent Republic" (Itsenäinen tasavalta) in Seppo Zetterberg et al., eds., A Small Giant of the Finnish History / Suomen historian pikkujättiläinen. Helsinki: WSOY, 2003, pgs. 611-613; Pentti Virrankoski, A History of Finland / Suomen historia. Volumes 1&2. Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society (Suomalaisen kirjallisuuden seura), 2009, pgs. 766-773; Sakari Virkkunen, Finland's Presidents I / Suomen presidentit I. Helsinki: Otava Ltd., 1994, pgs. 11-22; Sakari Virkkunen, Finland's Presidents II / Suomen presidentit II. Helsinki: Otava Ltd., 1994; Stig Jägerskiöld, Mannerheim 1867-1951. Helsinki: Otava Ltd., pgs. 115-121, 123-124, 128).
