Members of the Barghouti clan come from the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate, which includes Bani Zeid; notable members of the clan include Bashir Barghouti, a Palestinian Communist leader and journalist; Abdullah Barghouti, a convicted Hamas bomber, and Mourid Barghouti a poet and writer. Other notable people born in Bani Zeid include Abdullah Rimawi, head of the Ba'ath Party in Jordan in the 1950s, Kassim al-Rimawi, prime minister of Jordan in 1980, and Mahmoud al-Rimawi, a journalist and author.
12658 Peiraios (1973 SL) is a Jupiter Trojan. It is named after Peiraios, son of Klytios, and a friend of Telemachus from the Odyssey. It was discovered on September 19, 1973 by C. J. van Houten and I. van Houten-Groeneveld on Palomar Schmidt plates taken by T. Gehrels.

Named after Michael Praetorius, a German composer.
<doc id="16477388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16477388" title="16802 Rainer">
The College is committed to the development of tropical medicine and is working with professionals to help manage the global burden of tropical disease and injury through networking, research and development.
17853 Ronaldsayer
Sand Cay or Son Ca Island (; ; ) is a cay in Spratly Islands of South China Sea. With an area of , it is the ninth largest island and the fourth largest Vietnamese-occupied island in the Spratly Islands. The island is occupied by Vietnam (since 1974, first by the Republic of Vietnam, then by the Socialist Republic of Vietnam after 1975), but also claimed by the People's Republic of China, Republic of China (Taiwan) and Philippines.
The 24th Vuelta a España (Tour of Spain), a long-distance bicycle stage race and one of the 3 grand tours, was held from April 23 to May 11, 1969. It consisted of 18 stages covering a total of 2,921.4 km, and was won by Roger Pingeon of the Peugeot cycling team. Raymond Steegmans won the points competition and Luis Ocaña, who demonstrated his time trialling skills by winning the prologue and two time trials in the race, won the mountains classification.
<doc id="16482356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16482356" title="Felice Cornicola">
http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1442547/20010405/stone_temple_pilots.jhtml<br>
absolute lung volumes. The following describes a single-breath nitrogen test:

In "Phineas and Ferb's Quantum Boogaloo", it is shown that she will have three children in the future: Xavier, Fred and Amanda.
Lucifer yellow can also be compounded as a vinyl sulfone, with ethylenediamine, or with cadaverine.
Aurora Subglacial Basin is a large subglacial basin of Wilkes Land to the west of Dome Charlie and trending northwest toward the coast in the vicinity of Shackleton Ice Shelf. The basin was delineated by the SPRI-NSF-TUD airborne radio echo sounding program, 1967–79, and named after "Aurora", the ship of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition, 1911–14, led by Douglas Mawson.
<doc id="16488821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16488821" title="KTPI (AM)">
Detroit Plateau () is a major interior plateau of Graham Land, with heights between . Its northeast limit is marked by the south wall of Russell West Glacier, from which it extends some in a general southwest direction to Herbert Plateau. The plateau was observed from the air by Sir Hubert Wilkins on a flight of December 20, 1928. Wilkins named it Detroit Aviation Society Plateau after the society which aided in the organizing of his expedition but the shortened form of the original name is approved. The north and east sides of the plateau were charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1946-47.
The publications are characterized by Byzantine luster, enriched by the expanded use of red-types, and aesthetic titles, and different sized first letters. 
Congregational Church, Hoylake
Doug Grean is an American record producer, audio engineer, guitarist, based in Los Angeles. He has worked with artists Sheryl Crow, Ricki Lee Jones, Glen Campbell, Scott Weiland, Slash, Velvet Revolver, Stone Temple Pilots, The Crystal Method, Tim McGraw, Cyndi Lauper, Annabella Lwin (Bow Wow Wow), Corey Glover (Living Color), Camp Freddy, DJ Hurricane, and John Taylor, (Duran Duran). Grean was formerly the lead guitarist and touring musical director for Scott Weiland's solo band, the Wildabouts. Some of Grean's television appearances with Weiland include: VH1 Legends, Last Call with Carson Daly, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and the Grammy awards with Velvet Revolver as keyboardist, performing "All Across the Universe" with Stevie Wonder, Norah Jones, Bono, Steven Tyler, Brian Wilson, and Alison Krauss. 
