On their second drive of the quarter, Alabama began at their own 27–yard line. Le'Ron McClain caught a 7–yard pass on the first play as the Alabama offense steadily moved down field to the 46–yard line. On a 2nd-and-6, Spencer Pennington completed a 40–yard pass to wide receiver Keith Brown as the offense moved the ball to the Minnesota 6–yard line. On a 3rd-and-goal situation, Minnesota's defense gave the Alabama offense an automatic first down, placing the ball at the 2–yard line. After a 1–yard rush, McClain ran into the endzone for a 1–yard touchdown as Alabama trailed 17–14 with less than three minutes left in the first half.


"4 Minutes" is an uptempo dance-pop song, composed in an urban, hip hop style. It incorporates the effect of a marching band, a clanging beat and instrumentation from a brass that is played in a "scale-like riff", as described by Caryn Ganz from "Rolling Stone". Other musical instruments used are foghorns and cow bells. In "4 Minutes", Madonna and Timberlake sing and trade verses, the rhythm moves towards a hard clanging beat as Madonna sings the lines that the "road to hell is paved with good intentions." Madonna and Timberlake start singing the chorus with Timberlake singing the line of "We've only got four minutes to save the world". The track continues in the same momentum in the second verse and second chorus whence the track ends where every beat ceases except for Timbaland's characteristic bhangra beats, the brass riffs and Madonna singing the words "tick-tock" repeatedly, after which it ends.
Watching a military parade (stock footage from World War I), the gang decides to enlist in order to "kill a million Japs". Rejected by the Army, Marines, and Navy for being too young, the punks help the war effort by throwing fruit at a shop they believe is owned by a Japanese American. Confronted by him wielding a short sword, the gang decides to come back at night but find him dead. Their father figure Police Lieutenant "Pops" Stevens tell them they should be ashamed of themselves as Keno, the owner of the shop, was Chinese, an ally of America and that Danny should be especially ashamed as his brother is in the service.


Module.


The DVD features My Chemical Romance's final performance as "The Black Parade" from the Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City, Mexico on October 7, 2007 and as "My Chemical Romance" from Maxwell's in Hoboken, New Jersey, on October 24, 2007. Audio tracks of the Palacio de los Deportes performance are available on the CD, and they can be listened to on the band's official MySpace page. The album debuted at #22 on the "Billboard" 200, selling 23,000 copies. In November 2008, the RIAA certified the album gold.
Business agility is the "ability of a system to rapidly respond to change by adapting its initial stable configuration". Business agility can be maintained by maintaining and adapting goods and services to meet customer demands, adjusting to the changes in a business environment and taking advantage of human resources.
Legacy.
Personal life.
In the Blockade of Almeida (14 April – 10 May 1811) a French garrison under Antoine François Brenier de Montmorand was surrounded by approximately 13,000 Anglo-Allied soldiers led by Generals Sir Alexander Campbell, 1st Baronet and Sir William Erskine, 2nd Baronet. After a French relief attempt failed, Brenier and his troops broke out at night after blowing up portions of the fortress. To the fury of the British army commander Arthur Wellesley, Viscount Wellington, most of the French escaped due to their commander's single-minded determination, British fumbling, and remarkably good luck. The action took place during the Peninsular War portion of the Napoleonic Wars. Almeida, Portugal is located near the Spanish border about northeast of Lisbon. The town was originally captured from a Portuguese garrison during the 1810 Siege of Almeida. 
3C 20 is a Seyfert galaxy located in the constellation Cassiopeia.
