<doc id="5149305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5149305" title="Waste exchange">
United Building & Construction Trades Council v. Mayor and Council of Camden, 465 U.S. 208 (1984), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that a city can pressure private employers to hire city residents, but the same exercise of power to bias private contractors against out-of-state residents may be called into account under the Privileges and Immunities Clause of Article Four of the United States Constitution.
Click here for a more detailed diagram ]]
Physical properties of Vectra were tested in the report "Non-Metallic Transducer Mounting Brackets" by the US Naval Research Laboratory in 1992, and the resulting test data is publicly available from the external link below. 
The transverse cervical artery gives off a branch, "the dorsal scapular artery", which accompanies the dorsal scapular nerve and runs down the vertebral border of the scapula to its medial edge and inferior angle. The dorsal scapular artery anastomoses with the subscapular artery, providing an alternate route to the 3rd part of the axillary artery in the event of a slowly forming occlusion. 
Declared School Motto.
In December 1431, Princess Hedwig Jagiellon, betrothed to Frederick II, Elector of Brandenburg, died of a year-long illness. Sophia was accused of poisoning her step daughter to remove her from succession disputes. Again, Sophia had to give an oath professing her innocence.

A few months after the Firefox extension was released, Google added a "Note this" link to each Google search result when users are logged in. Clicking on it opened up an AJAX user interface near the bottom right of the screen just like the extension, but without the need for installing a browser add-on.
Koreans and their Ming Chinese allies began pushing south in 1598, reclaiming territory lost to the Japanese in the battles of the preceding years. By September, an army of 34,000 Chinese warriors under the command of Dong Yiyuan 董一元, along with 2000 Korean warriors, was ready to lay siege to the newer, larger Sacheon castle. Murakami Tadazane, commander of the smaller garrison, brought his 300 men to the larger castle, joining up with Shimazu Yoshihiro's force of 8,000, before the Chinese/Korean force began their assault on October 1.
Physicochemical
Pitching style.
1994 : AlQamra 
This book described 12 tea wares (審安老人的12茶具):
Core members of the district's administration are:
Career.
Rosen Zlatanov Vladimirov is a former regional governor of Sofia, Bulgaria, being in that position during the mayoralties of Stefan Sofianski and Mincho Gerdzhikov. Since 2005 he has been the member of the National Assembly for the Targovishte constituency and parliamentary deputy chairman of the Movement for Rights and Freedoms 
Josie McFarlane is a fictional character that appeared in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". She was played by Joan Hooley between 25 August 1998 and 1 February 2000. Since leaving the serial, Jamaican-born actress Joan Hooley has publicly accused "EastEnders" and the BBC of racism and tokenism, for giving her character no significant storylines, and using her as a prop.
Jean Emile Somda
Other work by Mentzer included IM-1 "The Immortal Storm" (1986), I-11 "Needle" (1987), and an adventure module for TSR's "Star Frontiers" game based on Arthur C. Clarke's novel "". Because of his work with the Gen Con game auction, Mentzer had become interested in the game memorabilia market, resulting in "The Game Buyers' Price Guide 1986", which summarized current market prices for hobby games. (Further annual editions were planned, but when Mentzer left TSR, this project was shelved.)
He then joined a band with lead singer of Long Beach Dub Allstars RAS-1 called Long Beach Shortbus. The band later split for unknown reasons in October 2007. Eric currently plays the drums in a psychedelic rock band called StoneWing who will be on a 2009 tour of the Midwest and Colorado with Midwest Reggae Rockers Jon Wayne and The Pain out of Minneapolis MN. Eric Also plays in an Iggy Pop cover band called The STyMiES.
2003, 2005, 2006
