!rowspan="2" colspan="2" align=center|Party
Reception.
Aigeira () () is a town and a former municipality in northeastern Achaea, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Aigialeia, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit stretches from the Gulf of Corinth, where the town Aigeira is located, to the mountains in the south. The town Aigeira is southeast of Aigio, northwest of Corinth and east of Patras. The Greek National Road 8A (E65 Corinth - Patras) and the railway Corinth - Patras run through the town.
Awards.
<doc id="1163236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1163236" title="Capelinhos">
Fannett, Texas
In December 2001, the Community Justice Group assisted a five-day investigation by a team of Queensland police and Department of Families officers. The investigation discreetly collected information from islanders about suspected child sexual abuse in the community, resulting in a number of arrests. The investigation was accompanied by a series of allegations suggesting that almost 100% of girls between 13 and 16 years old had contracted sexually transmitted diseases. It was also alleged that girls as young as 12 had been trading sex for cigarettes and alcohol and that children as young as five were being molested.
Leon Acton "Lynn" Westmoreland (born April 2, 1950) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2007. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district stretches from the far southern Atlanta suburbs to the suburbs of Columbus. He previously represented Georgia's 8th congressional district from 2005 to 2007.
The Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) is a nonprofit collaborative trade organization established by Sony in June 2003, that is responsible for defining interoperability guidelines to enable sharing of digital media between multimedia devices. These guidelines are built upon existing public standards, but the guidelines themselves are private (available for a fee). These guidelines specify a set of restricted ways of using the standards to achieve interoperability and include almost no free audio formats and only the most common (free or otherwise) video formats, meaning that DLNA servers generally have to support transcoding in order to produce a useful service.

