<doc id="20813238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813238" title="Blue Bird K3">
Allison Formation
Trichur V. Ramachandran

Rheaume was the sole developer of "Chronotron".

"Linke was both a fine flier and a fine man. He gave his men full support and generally ignored the rules about officers and non-officers having little to do with each other. He often gave away victories to other, less experienced pilots. As you can imagine, the feelings of his men for him were quite strong."


Radio Steiermark

In 2012, Anythink Family Services Director Lynda Freas was awarded the 2012 Sullivan Award. The American Library Association presents the Sullivan Award annual to an individual "who has shown exceptional understanding and support of public library service to children."
The Dalangshan Formation () is a geological formation in the Sanshui District of Guangdong Province, China, the strata of which date back to the Late Cretaceous period.
Formation and history: 2004-present.
<doc id="20822534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20822534" title="The Walt">
List of universities and colleges in Inner Mongolia
Purdue.

At its last instar the larvae will be around 50mm. Like most other members of Geometridae the larvae has a twig like appearance being mostly brown with small knob like horns, these horns are small and red. The head is slightly higher than the rest of the body to form two forward pointing knobs.
Chris Graham (American football)
Legislative segments.
The tournament was held in November 1991, unlike the other British events which took place in May, June and July. Michael Chang won the singles title, beating Guillaume Raoux in the final.
A sonotrode usually consists of a stack of piezoelectric transducers attached to a tapering metal rod. The end of the rod is applied to the working material. An alternating current oscillating at ultrasonic frequency is applied by a separate power supply unit to the piezoelectric transducers. The current causes them to expand and contract. The frequency of the current is chosen to be the resonant frequency of the tool, so the entire sonotrode acts as a half-wavelength resonator, vibrating lengthwise with standing waves at its resonant frequency. The standard frequencies used with ultrasonic sonotrodes range from 20 kHz to 70 kHz. The amplitude of the vibration is small, about 13 to 130 micrometres.

