The fort was first established in around AD 122 as a command and supply base for the coastal defences of Hadrian's Wall at its western extremity. There are substantial remains of the Roman fort, which was one of a series of forts on the Cumbrian coast which were intended to prevent Hadrian's Wall being outflanked by crossing the Solway Firth. Recent geo-magnetic surveys have revealed a large Roman town surrounding the fort. A recent archaeological dig discovered evidence of a second, earlier and larger fort next to, and partially under the present remains.
Baykeeper currently operates local chapters for the San Francisco Bay and the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta. It was founded in 1989 as the fourth "waterkeeper" organization in the nation and the first on the West Coast of the United States. Baykeeper is part of the Waterkeeper Alliance, the national and international network of "keeper" organizations.

Potter confidently asserted her tales would one day be nursery classics, and part of the process in making them so was marketing strategy. She was the first to exploit the commercial possibilities of her characters and tales with a Peter Rabbit doll, an unpublished Peter Rabbit board game, and a Peter Rabbit nursery wallpaper between 1903 and 1905. Similar "side-shows" (as she termed the spinoffs) were produced over the following two decades.

The first permanent Moskvoretsky bridge was built in 1829, about 50 meters west of the present site. Three wooden arches, each 28 meters long, were supported by stone abutments. It was loosely based on Kamennooostrovsky Bridge in Saint Petersburg designed by Agustín de Betancourt. The bridge burnt down in 1871; after the fire, steel arches and decking were installed on the old abutments.
Morgan Township is one of the twenty-seven townships of Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,170 people in the township.
West Shore School District is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax 0.95%, a local real property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.05%, and per capita taxes, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax regardless of the income level.

