Muffy Calder OBE FRSE (née Thomas) is a Scottish computer scientist, Professor of Formal Methods in the School of Computing Science at the University of Glasgow, and Chief Scientific Advisor to the Scottish Government.
In 1848 when Cyrus was 45 years old he began building a Greek inspired farmhouse. He hired a man from New York City named Charles Yarrington to build it. By the standards of the day and Cyrus' rural location, the style of the house would be considered quite extravagant and over-done for a stick frame farmhouse. In fact, the locals feeling somewhat miffed by Cyrus' use of an out of town builder, called the new house "Gates' white elephant." Construction on the building commenced in January of 1848. Great x2 Granddaughter of Cyrus-Louis Gates-Gunsalus says that the house was completed enough to be lived in by the end of that year. The inside carpentry and other finish work of the house would not be completed until 1851.
Garry Hoolickin
After his performance at the 2013 BET Awards, Brown announced that the third single from the album would be "Love More" featuring Nicki Minaj. On July 19, he would release its cover art. On July 16, the song was released for digital download and a week later, the song was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio. The music video for the single was filmed on August 2, 2013 in Los Angeles, California., with apparently 60 of Brown's backup dancers. It was later released on August 17, 2013. The song has since peaked at number 23 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
William Northrop was born in Charlotte, North Carolina where he attended public schools. In 9th grade, he attended a New England Prep School for one year, but returned to North Carolina for high school. He was sent to Oak Ridge Military Institute (Class of 1962) and from there to The Citadel (Class of 1966) where he studied History.
O'Brien is also a member of the swimming team for the Texas Longhorns, and a graduate of politics and governance at the University of Texas in Austin, Texas.
