
In October 2009, the group released a second studio album, Wordshaker, which charted at number nine in United Kingdom and was given a silver certification by the BBI. The first single, "Forever Is Over", charted at number two in the UK. The Saturdays appeared in advertisements for several products including a brand of deodorant, tampons, mobile phones, an operating system, and hair removal products. But in early 2010, the Saturdays released a second and final single from their second debut album, "Ego", which charted at number nine. Although the song became their second lowest single to chart, it became one of their highest selling singles, after getting a certification of silver by the BBI.
Given the exquisite preservation of one of the animal's fossils, "Anchiornis huxleyi" became the first dinosaur species for which almost the entire life coloration could be determined.
One Blue Mask which is blue on one side and blank on the other side. Blue masks are worth 8 points in prisoner exchanges.
A bond election passed in 1962 that called for the addition of two buildings and other improvements. By 1964, a total of 466 students were enrolled in the district. As Abilene grew and annexed land from Wylie into its school district, Wylie residents voted to become an independent school district in 1968. Butterfield School, located between the communities of Caps and View, consolidated with Wylie ISD in 1978. A bond election held that same year passed, which funded the construction of a new high school campus on Farm Road 707 (Beltway South).
Maurice Nickerson
Reactivated as part of the 57th Fighter Weapons Wing at Nellis AFB, Nevada on 1 October 1976. Mission of the squadron was test and evaluate systems modifications to the McDonnell Douglas F-15A Eagle prior to those changes being released to operational units of Tactical Air Command and USAFE. Mission assumed by USAF Fighter Weapons School F-15 Division at the end of 1981, inactivated on 30 December.

Playoffs.
Rimzon studied sculpture at the College of Fine Arts, Thiruvananthapuram. He later joined Maharaja Sayajirao University, Baroda, where he was considered among the best of the upcoming generation of artists that stemmed from MSU luminaries such as Jyoti Bhatt and Bhupen Khakhar. In 1989 he earned his MA with distinction from the Royal College of Art, London.
Edward Chen

