In late January 2010 Karen, Immie's mum was approached by, Gerry Cutler who was the father of a University friend of Jack. He asked if Lewis, his son, could stay at their house over the Easter holidays as he was going away. Karen accepted but unfortunately, unaware to Karen, Rob, Immie & Jack, Lewis had a serious mental problem. As the week continued it came clear that there was problems with Lewis but he covered his tracks very easily. Imogen was the first to notice it, she tried to warn her mother, father & brother, but they ignored her. Jack said she was being 'pathetic'. Jack was the second member of the family to notice it but didn't say anything. Then Karen noticed a mark in her kitchen table, a knife mark. She knew it was Lewis. Imogen then realised that her art project was tampered with, by Lewis. She told her mum and they got worried. Jack was called to a fake interview at the University, Karen was very worried and went to the University, trying to find Jack. Amongst the hostages were, Ellie, Sia, Ned. Lewis was armed with a gun and shot hostage Sia. Karen tried to talk Lewis out of killing them all, it didn't work. Karen's husband, Rob came running up with a colleague and Dr. Simon Bond. Rob was called down but Simon stayed to help injured Sia. After a scream Rob came running back up and charged in. After a struggle with the gun Karen got the gun off Lewis and he was shot by a police officer. Lewis was killed. Karen, Rob, Jack & Imogen all burnt Imogen's art work the following day.

Plot.
Events.
History.

The title "Count of Lyon" was not subsequently attached to a seigneurie nor was it hereditary but was carried by the Dean and each of the canons of the cathedral of Lyon. The cathedral chapter of Lyon was among the most eminent of France and claimed to have been founded by "John, king of Burgundy" who filled it with lords of the noblest houses. The canons in public proclamations, "most noble counts of Lyon", had to prove that they were "nobles de quatre races", on both the paternal and maternal side, in other words that all their great-grandparents had been noble, the notorious "seize quartiers" or "sixteen quarterings" of a coat-of-arms. 
<doc id="25532235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25532235" title="Old St. Francis School">
