
"Where Chaos Reigns" was published in 1985 and included a New Monsters section on a removable sheet, containing 3 previously unpublished creatures with illustrations.

Strawpeople,

Dezura retired from curling in 2004. She is married to fellow curler Grant Dezura and lives in Maple Ridge, British Columbia.


Historically, each of the southern states had a very distinct population: Rhineland-Palatinate was a center for the breeding of elegant Anglo-Arabian riding horses, Baden-Württemberg bred Arabians and Arab-influenced riding horses at the State Stud of Marbach, and Bavaria was home to the ancient heavy warmblood Rottaler. Of late, these three regions have combined their breeding and marketing efforts, so the modern Bavarian Warmblood, Württemberger, and Zweibrücker are increasingly indistinguishable. Similarly, the eastern states of Berlin-Brandenburg, Saxony-Anhalt, Saxony, and Thuringia have begun hosting a common stallion inspection. Each of these states has had its own flavor of warmblood, though perhaps the Brandenburger was best known.
The surface profiles have been transformed since the region was first deforested in Roman times, as settlers worked outwards from strips flanking the Roman roads — the via Cassia, the via Amerina and the via Flaminia — which had been struck through the forest. In the deforested slopes, streams with even moderate flow have cut deeply eroded gullies and valleys in the geologically very recent soft tuff and volcanic ash. A sudden increase in organic sediments in strata corresponding to the third century BCE records this erosion following agrarian deforestation, which, far downstream, would initiate the Tiber's delta. Thereafter the palynological record attests many cultivated plants, and, significantly, nettles, the weed of disturbed, untended corners that follows temperate agriculture everywhere. By the third and fourth centuries CE very little of the primeval forest survived.
Three contestants play with bingo cards (each with 15 numbered boxes) on 3 different screens. Every correct answer from a player randomly lights up one of their numbers. All the numbers that are lit count for home viewers, who play with bingo cards obtained in return for purchases of sponsors' products (obtained from assigned redemption centers).
K Desktop Environment 2 also shipped with the initial release of the KOffice suite, consisting of a spreadsheet application (KSpread), a vector drawing application (KIllustrator), a frame-based word-processing application (KWord), a presentation program (KPresenter), and a chart and diagram application (KChart). Native file formats were XML-based. KOffice included a scripting language and the ability to embed individual components within each other using KParts.
Sarah Richardson


65685 Behring

The UFO years.
7199 Brianza (1994 FR) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 28, 1994 by Cavagna, M., Giuliani, V. at Sormano.
<doc id="16427300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16427300" title="12356 Carlscheele">



19660 Danielsteck
