The 86th "Szolnok" Helikopterezred maintains the Museum of Hungarian Aviation, which has the largest collection of "retired" military aircraft in Hungary. Some aircraft are also displayed at the Kecel Military History Park.
A Sir Thomas de St. Omer was keeper of the wardrobe to King Henry III. The arms of his son a ("fess between six cross-crosslets") appear on a monument that was formerly in the church at Mulbarton, Norfolk. Christian, his daughter and only heir, married John, the great-great-grandson of one Senulph, who lived during the reign of King Henry II, and had issue: John "dicte quoque Beaupré", who lived during the reign of King Edward II, and married Katherine, daughter of Osbert Mountfort. Their son Thomas Beaupré would be raised by his grandmother Christian (last of the St. Omer's) after the death of both of his parents. Thomas was knighted by King Edward III, and married Joan Holbeache, and died during the reign of King Richard II. Generations later the Hall was in possession of Edmonde Beaupré, Esq. After his death in 1567 leaving no male heirs, the hall succeeded to Sir Robert Bell, by virtue of marriage to Edmonde's daughter Dorothie in 1559; whereby his Beaupré line became extinct.
Achi Brandt earned his Ph.D. degree at the Weizmann Institute of Science in 1965, with a thesis on numerical methods in hydrodynamics and magnetohydrodynamics. He is a faculty member of the Weizmann Institute, and has taught at several universities in the United States, including the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences and Stanford University.
John Dewey, less broadly than James but more broadly than Peirce, held that inquiry, whether scientific, technical, sociological, philosophical or cultural, is self-corrective over time "if" openly submitted for testing by a community of inquirers in order to clarify, justify, refine and/or refute proposed meanings and truths.
Members of the Alliance.
<doc id="4103306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4103306" title="St. John River District">
