
Slight weakening took place before the storm made landfall in the Bicol Region. Land interaction precipitated further degradation of storm, though it retained typhoon status upon emerging over the South China Sea on December 1. Some re-intensification occurred, with Durian reaching a secondary peak on December 3. Subsequently, increasingly hostile conditions caused the system to weaken to a tropical storm as it turned southwest. Durian struck southern Vietnam early on December 5 as a tropical storm before diminishing to a tropical depression. The system turned westward once again and crossed Malay Peninsula. Failing to reorganize, Durian degenerated into a remnant low on December 7 before ultimately dissipating two days later off the coast of Andhra Pradesh, India.

On 25 September 1998, the Esso Longford gas explosion killed two and injured eight others. As Victoria's largest supplier of natural gas the aftermath was considerable with hundreds of thousands of homes affected. Many Victorians experienced 20 days without gas hot-water or heating. A Royal Commission was held finding Esso responsible for the accident.

<doc id="8179427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8179427" title="LinnDrum">
This is a list of stock exchanges in Africa.
After his death "The Raj Khosla Foundation" was established by his daughter Sunita Khosla Bhalla, with Shatrughan Sinha, as its chairman, and members like Manoj Kumar, Moushumi Chatterjee, Kabir Bedi, Mahesh Bhatt, Amit Khanna and Johny Bakshi.
Gay Crusader was a small and weak yearling and early in his two year old season his progress was delayed by sore shins. It was autumn before he appeared on a racecourse when he ran in the Clearwell Stakes at Newmarket and finished sixth of the twelve runners. Despite this performance he was moved up in class for the Criterion Stakes over the same course in October. He was not strongly fancied, but won the race in a close finish by a head from the filly Molly Desmond.
Paper Wings is the second album from the pop punk band Cauterize, formerly T.O.E., which was released independently without a label.
On January 21, 2006, Kim Jong-kook, Im Tae-kyung and herself participated in Thuy Nga's Paris By Night 81 concert in California. Jeon performed "2AM". An accident in early 2006 forced Jeon to have surgery done, and under the advice of others, she underwent nose and teeth reconstruction. She eventually confirmed that she underwent plastic surgery when rumors were quickly spreading about the change in her appearance. She appeared as one of the six women on "Heroine 6", a popular segment on the Korean Broadcasting System (KBS) variety show "Happy Sunday" until it ended in 2007.
