FIBA Oceania Championship 1993

Bulbophyllum orthosepalum is a species of orchid in the genus "Bulbophyllum".
Written as "常青街道":

Recognition.
<doc id="24001229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24001229" title="Pode Hole">
Bulbophyllum streptotriche is a species of orchid in the genus "Bulbophyllum".

Personal life.
Happy Days (, translit. Schastlivye dni) is a 1991 Soviet drama film directed by Aleksei Balabanov. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
This is a ghost story. While travelling through the western counties, the general's attention was attracted by a picturesquely situated old castle, and, on inquiry at the inn where he changed horses, he learnt that its owner was a nobleman who had been his schoolfellow. He accordingly determined to call upon his lordship; and, having been persuaded to be his guest for a week, he was conducted at bedtime to an old-fashioned room, hung with tapestry, but comfortably furnished, and well lighted by two large candles and a blazing fire. The next morning Lord Woodville was informed by his servant that the general had been wandering in the park since an early hour and when he appeared at the breakfast table his countenance was haggard, his clothes carelessly put on, and his manner abstracted; moreover, he announced that he must depart immediately. Drawing him aside from the other visitors, his host pressed him for an explanation, and, after declaring that he would rather face a battery than recall the events of the night, he reluctantly narrated what he had undergone.

Good News, Bad News.
Ufomammut

On December 1995, the band released the CD "Strašni sud" ("Judgement Day"), which, with a punk oriented sound combined cataclysmic lyrical style, with the songs "Zanimljiva geografija" ("Interesting Geography"), "Neki drugi grad" ("Some Other City"), "Uradi sam" ("Do It Yourself"), inspired by the current political situation, "Večna lovišta" ("Eternal Hunting Ground") and "Ustani i kreni" ("Stand Up and Go"), which became hits. As bonus tracks appeared five songs from the previous releases. After the album release, guitarist Goran Majkić left the band, first serving the army and then moving to the USA where he got a master's degree at the NASA Center for Autonomous Control Engineering. With former Dead Kennedys and Butthole Surfers members, he formed the band God Dog. Igor Panić took his place in Dža ili Bu.
Birkin Mulsanne (2014-).
Mesatirhinus is a genus of brontothere endemic to North America during the Eocene living from 50.3—42 mya, existing for approximately .
