His daughter Elisabeth (1466–1523) would go on to marry Johann V of Nassau-Vianden-Dietz and they would become grandparents to William the Silent. His younger daughter, Mathilde (1473–1524), would go on to marry John II, Duke of Cleves and they would become grandparents to Queen Anne of Cleves. Henry's only son to reach adulthood succeeded as William III (1471–1500). In 1498, William married Elisabeth, the daughter of Philip, Elector Palatine. William left no legitimate heir and the title passed to his cousin, William II, Landgrave of Hesse, son of Louis II, Landgrave of Lower Hesse.
One Troy Ounce = 31.1034768 gram<br>
Tapulous, Inc. was an American software and video game developer and publisher headquartered in Palo Alto, California. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company as part of Disney Interactive's Disney Mobile unit. The company's most profitable products were the "Tap Tap" series of music games, which surpassed over thirty-five million downloads.
Chart performance.


According to overnight viewing figures, "The Waters of Mars" was watched by 9.1 million people. The episode also received an Appreciation Index score of 88 (considered Excellent). More accurate, consolidated statistics from the BARB state that official ratings ended up at 10.32 million viewers for the UK premiere and that "The Waters of Mars" was the fifth most watched programme of the week. It was first broadcast on a Sunday, the only non-Christmas episode of the revived series to air outside the usual Saturday evening slot.
Berryman, a defender, started out at Devonport in the North West Football Union (NWFU) and won the Cheel Medal as the competition's 'best and fairest' player in 1925. He then had his three year stint at South Melbourne before continuing where he left of with Devonport by winning the 1930 Royal Medal. Berryman spent the 1930 and 1931 NWFU seasons as captain-coach.
On April 1, Deon Thompson appeared in the NIT Championship game, giving him 152 career game appearances. This set the NCAA all-time career games played mark, formerly held by Wayne Turner of Kentucky and Walter Hodge of Florida.
The MVG maintains a museum, located at Ständlerstraße 20 near the terminus of tram line . The museum contains a collection of some 25 historic trams, buses and utility vehicles from different eras. It opens to the public on alternate Sundays.
<doc id="22318958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22318958" title="Preparatory subject">
<doc id="22319562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22319562" title="Maricao State Forest">

The Catholic sexual abuse scandal in Victoria is part of the Catholic clerical sexual abuse in Australia and the much wider Catholic sexual abuse scandal in general, which involves charges, convictions, trials and ongoing investigations into allegations of sex crimes committed by Catholic priests and members of religious orders. The Catholic Church in Victoria has been implicated in a reported 40 suicides among about 620 sexual abuse victims acknowledged to the public after internal investigations by the Catholic Church in Victoria. 
Tuscarora Creek is a tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County, Maryland, in the United States.
John Alderton (American football)

The number of non-Christians is small. There are 4,000 Muslims, most of whom are immigrants or descendants of Indian immigrants from the Indian state of Gujarat. There are three mosques and an Islamic centre. Other religious groups include the Rastafarian Movement, which was introduced to Barbados in 1975, Hinduism, Buddhists, and the Bahá'í Faith.
"Fireworks For a Hot Fourth" is a commentary on Suburban life in America. The play takes place at a cocktail party on the Fourth of July. The original cast included Arnold Wilkerson as the waiter, John Wardwell as Growth, Laurinda Barrett as Gloria, Kristina Callahan as Anna, Monica Moran as Belle, Stephen Joyce as Old Local, Colgate Salsbury as Sidney, and Haig Chobanian as Harold.
