Name.
At the Slater-Morrill Shoe Company factory, on Pearl Street, in Braintree, Massachusetts, during the afternoon of April 15, 1920, robbers approached two men as they were transporting the company payroll into two large steel boxes to the main factory. Alessandro Berardelli, a security guard, was shot as he reached for his hip-holstered .38-caliber, Harrington & Richardson revolver, not recovered from the scene. Frederick Parmenter, a paymaster who was unarmed, was shot twice: once in the chest and a second time, fatally, in the back as he attempted to flee. The robbers seized the payroll boxes and escaped by climbing into a waiting getaway car, a stolen dark blue Buick. It sped away while the robbers fired wildly at company workers nearby.
Discrimination.
The creation of BNSF started with the formation of a holding company, the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation on September 22, 1995. This new holding company then purchased the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (often called the "Santa Fe") and Burlington Northern Railroad, and formally merged the railways into the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway on December 31, 1996. On January 24, 2005, the railroad's name was officially changed to "BNSF Railway," using the initials of its original name.
Speaker of Parliament.
Chicago and Southern Air Lines (C&S, which merged with Delta Air Lines in 1953) flew Douglas DC-4s to Havana, Cuba. In 1949 C&S DC-4s initiated MSY to Caracas flights via Jamaica. Following its acquisition of C&S, Delta flew Douglas DC-7 propliners from MSY to Havana with continuing service to Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Delta also operated Convair 880 and Douglas DC-8 jet flights from MSY to Montego Bay, Jamaica, Venezuela (Maracaibo and Caracas) and to San Juan, Puerto Rico. Delta discontinued all international service from MSY between the mid-1970s and 1980.
Taraki and Karmal maintained close contact with the Soviet Embassy and its personnel in Kabul, and it appears that Soviet Military Intelligence ("Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye" – GRU) assisted Khalq's recruitment of military officers.
The HB laugh track was discontinued after the 1979–80 television season. The final shows to receive the chuckles were "Captain Caveman", "Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo", and "Super Globetrotters". The last prime time special to feature the HB laugh track was "", which aired on October 11, 1981.
Other activities.
Mr. Hooper left David the store in his will. During seasons 16 and 17, a teenaged boy named Petey (played by Eddie Castrodad) worked at the store. Following this, David hired a new resident of the area, Gina (played by Alison Bartlett-O'Reilly) in 1987. This young teenage girl helped David as he himself had helped Mr. Hooper.
Death.
In 1539, King Henry VIII converted the priory to a cathedral with a dean and chapter and worked to ensure Christ Church adhered to his new church structure. His immediate successor, Edward VI of England, in 1547, provided funds for an increase in cathedral staffing and annual royal funding for the choir school.
<doc id="264363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=264363" title="Li Ruihuan">
Perryville.
The group Balcony released a semi-tribute track entitled "Jobriath" as a free MP3 anonymously on the internet in 2000 that was later included on their second album "Before Needs". He is referenced using his legal name by the indie-folk band Okkervil River on the final song of their 2008 album "The Stand Ins", entitled "Bruce Wayne Campbell Interviewed on the Roof of the Chelsea Hotel, 1979".
As part of their modernization in the 1980s, each of the "Iowa"-class battleships received a complement of Armored Box Launchers and "shock hardened" Mk. 141 quad cell launchers. The former was used by the battleships to carry and fire the BGM-109 Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles (TLAMs) for use against enemy targets on land, while the latter system enabled the ships to carry a complement of RGM-84 Harpoon anti-ship missiles for use against enemy ships. With an estimated range of to for the Tomahawk missile and to for the Harpoon missile system, these two missile systems displaced the sixteen-inch guns and their maximum range of () to become the longest-ranged weapons on the battleships during the 1980s. It has been alleged by members of the environmental group Greenpeace that the battleships carried the TLAM-A (also cited, incorrectly, as the TLAM-N)—a Tomahawk missile with a variable yield W80 nuclear warhead—during their 1980s service with the United States Navy, but owing to the United States Navy's policy of refusing to confirm or deny the presence of nuclear weaponry aboard its ships, these claims can not be conclusively proved.
Another significant challenge Cixi faced was the increasingly decrepit state of the country's Manchu elite. Since the beginning of the dynasty most major positions at court had been held by Manchus, and Emperors had generally shown contempt for the powerful Han Chinese. Cixi, again in a reversal of Imperial tradition, entrusted the country's most powerful military unit against the Taiping army into the hands of a Han Chinese, Zeng Guofan. Additionally, in the next three years, Cixi appointed Han Chinese officials to become governors of all southern Chinese provinces, raising alarm bells in an administration traditionally fond of Manchu dominance.
<doc id="264898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=264898" title="Addicted">
"For The Gambia Our Homeland" is the national anthem of the Gambia, written by Virginia Julia Howe and composed by Jeremy Frederic Howe (based on the traditional Mandinka song Foday Kaba Dumbuya). It was adopted after an international competition to produce an anthem (and flag) before independence in 1965. 
Economy Act.
In the United Kingdom:
