2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships – Men's 800 metres

<doc id="31283143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31283143" title="Anthidium incertum">
Criticism.
Justice Black turned to specific issues with the majority. He had not found its explanation of how the district court had erred in applying "Stanley" to the importation of images for private use. As a general matter, he wrote, "he mere act of importation for private use can hardly be more offensive to others than is private perusal in one's home. The right to read and view any literature and pictures at home is hollow indeed if it does not include a right to carry that material privately in one's luggage when entering the country." Nor did he find the majority's specific reason, that travelers returning from abroad and their luggage are routinely subject to search, compelling since it was just as likely that police would search a private home for reasons unrelated to suspected possession of obscene material.
<doc id="31285529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31285529" title="Sven-Åke Nilsson">
Inspired by the Ryerson University study “The Environmental Benefits and Costs of Green Roof Technology” that showed widespread greening of commercial building rooftops in Toronto could reduce the urban heat island effect, Esri Canada completed the installation of a 704-square metre green roof in its Toronto headquarters in 2009. 
Ernesto Podesta is portrayed by Melvin Cabrera.
Polish Cultural Society
<doc id="31288566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31288566" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1628">
<doc id="31289756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31289756" title="Wyoming Highway 233">
After playing for the Stars, VandeVelde began playing college hockey at the University of North Dakota (UND). He scored his first career collegiate goal during his freshman year in a 3–3 tie against St. Cloud State University on March 2, 2007. He struggled to score for most of the year, but in his final nine games he scored seven points helping him earn UND's Most Improved Player honors. In the WCHA Final Five semifinal game against St. Cloud State, VandeVelde registered a career high three point game, including his first career game-winning goal in a 6–2 win. During his sophomore season he led UND in shooting percentage while finishing third in team scoring. The following season, VandeVelde notched first collegiate hat trick in a 6–2 win over University of Alaska Anchorage. The hat trick helped him set a collegiate career high for goals with 18. For his senor season VandeVelde was named an alternate captain. During the season he recorded a career high 41 points to lead UND in scoring. In the 2010 WCHA Final Five tournament he scored two goals and added three assists in three games as UND won the championship earning the Broadmoor Trophy. VandeVelde was named to the All-Tournament Team, and at seasons end he also named WCHA Scholar Athlete, an All-WCHA Academic Team selection, named to Inside College Hockey's All-America third team, and was named UND's Glenn "Red" Jarrett Male Athlete of the Year.

<doc id="31292250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31292250" title="Calidviana">
Born in Milltown, New Brunswick, the son of Abner Hill, an American-born emigrant to New Brunswick, and Mary Whitney, he was educated at Dartmouth College in New England and went on to study law with Ward Chipman. Hill practised law in St. Stephen. He married Sarah Upton. Hill was named to the Legislative Council of New Brunswick in 1850. He died in office in Fredericton.

Tim Evans (theatre)
Ramirez had earlier in February failed to gain a temporary respite from being stripped of her crown. The title went to the first runner-up, Ashley Dixon, instead, who continued as Miss San Antonio 2010 the day Ramirez won her lawsuit. The trial verdict was met with applause inside the courtroom. On Ashley Dixon, Ramirez said "I don't plan on taking the crown away from Ashley. I'm hoping that we'll be able to share and she can go to Miss Texas as well as Miss Bexar County, and we can both share the crown,".
Later that year a vessel arrived in Whitehaven harbour carrying a cargo of high quality Peruvian guano, reported to contain 17 per cent ammonia. The society purchased 50 tons, and dispersed it amongst their membership. Norman took samples from several of the consignments which under analysis proved to contain no more than 13.45 per cent of the desired compound. The directors reacted with direct action and refrained from payment of the value of the difference, a sum of about £59. This action infuriated the seller who issued a writ in the high court. Although the initial ruling went against the society they immediately lodged an appeal. The case became protracted and journeyed through several courts eventually settling at the Committee to the House of Lords. After five years of squabbling the arbiter ruled in favour of Aspatria. Although the case cost the society a sum of £630, the seller’s legal expenses exceeded £2,400; furthermore the society had fulfilled one of its prime objectives 'value for money rather than profit'. The arbiter had settled the case but it took a further thirty-six years before the British government introduced legislation to guarantee the composition of fertilisers and animal feedstuff.
Vestmanlands Läns Tidning
Tomás Balduino
Cultural references.
"In stroke order of surnames:"
"Symbolism in Poetry," argued "the necessity for the use of symbolism in modern writing and provided some theoretical and historical background for this idea. In the final paragraph of the article Smith quotes Yeats on the role of symbolism in relation to modern poetry ... This symbolism is meant to effect 'a casting out of descriptions of nature for the sake of nature, of the moral law for the sake of the moral law, a casting out of all anecdotes and of that brooding over scientific opinion ... and of that vehemence that would make us do or not do certain things.' This denunciation of the excesses of Victorianism can also be seen to apply to the Canadian poets of Confederation, who, too often, became caught up in descriptions of nature and in extended moralizing." 
"Maazi, Haal, Mustaqbil" was released to critical acclaim and commercial success. Five singles have been released in promotion of the album along with their music videos; "Meri Terhan" and "Insaan" in 2002, "Izhar" in March 2003, "Kitne Sadian" in April 2004 and "Panchi" in September 2005. "Kitne Sadian", "Insaan" and "Meri Terhan" did very well at the local music charts. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. The album sold more than 30,000 copies upon its release and is the band's highest selling album.


He married Valerie St. Ludger (d. 2003) and continued to live an active life playing tennis and skiing until he was over 90. He is survived by his two sons Robert and Bruce.
Academic performance.
