Biography.
William Henry Jackson (April 4, 1843 – June 30, 1942) was an American painter, Civil War veteran, geological survey photographer and an explorer famous for his images of the American West. He was a great-great nephew of Samuel Wilson, the progenitor of America's national symbol Uncle Sam.
Professional career.

The fells are bounded by the River Lune (and the M6 motorway to the west), to the north by upper reaches of the River Lune, and to the east by the River Rawthey.
The FMA IA 63 Pampa is an advanced trainer aircraft with combat capability, produced in Argentina by Fabrica Militar de Aviones (FMA) with assistance from Dornier of Germany.
Clarkson railway station, Perth
Bytowners had been promoting their town as the capital of Canada since the 1840s. At the time the town's only connections with the world were via dirt road or by using the Ottawa River to Montreal. The river was a major route for the shipping of logs from the interior of Upper Canada, especially the areas now part of Algonquin Park, to Quebec City where they were loaded on ships for sales in Europe.
Mount Frere
Louis ("Loe") de Jong (24 April 1914 in Amsterdam – 15 March 2005 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch journalist and historian specialising in the history of the Netherlands in World War II and the Dutch resistance.

Lucy Jefferson Lewis died in 1811. She was buried on the grounds of the Rocky Hill plantation, but the gravesite has been lost. The estate is now in ruins.
Polish politics was under the strong influence of the statesman Józef Piłsudski, who envisioned a Polish-led federation (the "Federation of Międzymorze") comprising Poland, Lithuania, Ukraine and other Central and East European countries now emerging out of the crumbling empires after the First World War. The new union would have had borders similar to those of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in the 15th–18th centuries, and it was to be a counterweight to, and restraint upon, any imperialist intentions of Russia or Germany. To this end, Polish forces set out to secure vast territories in the east. However Piłsudski's federation plan was opposed by another influential Polish politician, Roman Dmowski, who favoured creating a larger, national Polish state.
<doc id="1661082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1661082" title="Asgarby">
After local operations and repairs, "Wrangell" sailed for her second Mediterranean deployment in the autumn. At 1014 on 4 October 1953 — while en route from Reykjavík, Iceland, to Bizerte, Tunisia, in company with the oiler — the ammunition ship sighted a fishing vessel flying international distress signals. "Wrangell" maneuvered near the drifting vessel and lowered a boat with a boarding party, Ens. P. R. Frosell in charge. "Wrangell's" men found the fishing boat, "Jules Verne" (registered at Douarnenez, France), to have wreckage strewn about topside and two feet of water in her engine compartment. The investigation also revealed the only living occupant of the craft to be a dog; the boarding party also found the corpse of a man estimated to have been dead for five days. Leaving food and water for the dog, the boarding party soon returned to the ship, and "Wrangell" took "Jules Verne" under tow. At 1403 the next day, 5 October, "Jules Verne" began to founder, however, and sank eight minutes later; the dog, swimming in the water, was hauled on board "Wrangell", whose crew adopted the animal and made him the ship's mascot.
Storage.
A server for the LPD protocol listens for requests on TCP port 515. A request begins with a byte containing the request code, followed by the arguments to the request, and is terminated by an ASCII LF character.
<doc id="1661910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1661910" title="Swellendam">
Historically, craft was the pre-capitalist form of production, where each created item possessed a "use-value," a term comparing the usefulness of an item to the exchange equivalent. Now within a capitalist system of mass production, craft has become a commodity to be bought and sold for money, where it is now referred to as having an "exchange-value". Due to this movement from use-value to exchange-value, there is less emphasis on the time and skill expended to create an object, and more importance on making it available to the masses as inexpensively as possible. Traditionally associated with a strong community so vital to the creation and distribution of craft, crafting has since lost its use-value and has been "captured by capital".
The Edge of the Cloud
Rite Aid acquired twenty-four Hooks Drug stores from Revco in 1994, selling nine of those stores to Perry Drug Stores, a Michigan-based pharmacy chain. One year later, in turn, the 224-store Perry chain was acquired by Rite Aid. The 1,000-store West Coast chain Thrifty PayLess was later acquired in 1996. The acquisition of Thrifty PayLess included the Northwest-based Bi-Mart membership discount stores, which was sold off in 1998. Acquisitions of Harco, Inc. and K&B, Inc. brought Rite Aid into the Gulf Coast area.
Furthermore, the ONLF has an official political programme in which it commits to, among other things, protecting freedom of religion, democratic activity, and the women, children, and minorities of Ogaden."Political Programme of the Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF)".
Consonant length in Arabic is contrastive: ' means 'he studied' while ' means 'he taught'; ' means 'a youth cried' while ' means 'a youth was made to cry'. A consonant may be long because of the form of the noun or verb; e.g., the causative form of the verb requires the 2nd consonant of the root to be long, as in ' above, or by assimilation of consonants, for example the ' of the Arabic definite article "al-" assimilates to all dental consonants, e.g. () ' instead of ', or through metathesis, the switching of sounds, for example ' 'less, fewer' (instead of * '), as compared to "" 'greater'.
Language support.
<doc id="1663944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1663944" title="Jingle Ma">
The Hawks moved to Atlanta prior to the 1968-69 season. During the next two years Guerin coached the team to identical 48-34 records, winning another division title in 1969-70. In each of those two seasons he came back briefly as a player, appearing in 27 games in 1968-69 and 8 games in 1969-70.
