
Drinks.
In July 2004, five Merseyside MPs, lead by George Howarth MP, launched a Manifesto for Merseyside which proposed a Merseyside Assembly, which would take a form similar to the existing London Assembly. As well as the five Merseyside boroughs, the proposals also included the Cheshire authorities of Halton and Ellesmere Port / Neston. The main argument was that the North West was too large and did not represent a cultural or economic area; something Merseyside did better.

When Charles Taylor established "Greater Liberia," in 1992, he ensured that the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company's largest rubber plantation (established in 1926) returned to operation, and the company paid Taylor's NPFL $2 million a year for "protection." "The warlord's most notorious operations were launched from the property of Firestone."
The Pima Indians first called themselves Othama until the first account of interaction with non-Native Americans was recorded. Spanish missionaries referred to Pima villages of Kina, Equituni and Uturituc. Americans later corrupted the miscommunication into Pimos, which was adapted to Pima river people. The Akimel O'otham people still respectfully call their villages District #1-Oos kehk (Blackwater), District #2-Hashan Kehk (Saguaro Stand), District #3-Gu U Ki (Sacaton), District #4-Santan, District #5-Vahki (Casa Blanca), District #6-Komatke (Sierra Estrella Mountains), and District #7-Maricopa Colony.
1972 to 1978.
Lange and then-colleague Steigerwald appeared together as themselves in the 1995 movie "Sudden Death", starring Jean-Claude Van Damme. In the film, Lange used many of his trademark expressions in his play-by-play commentary.
Many familiar voices inspired the animators in their creation of the characters and helped them shape their personalities. This use of familiar voices for key characters was a rarity in Disney's past films. The staff was shocked to hear that a wise cracking comedian, Phil Harris was going to be in a Kipling film. Disney suggested Harris after meeting him at a party. Harris improvised most of his lines, as he considered the scripted lines "didn't feel natural". After Harris was cast, Disneyland Records president Jimmy Johnson suggested Disney to get Louie Prima as King Louie, as he "felt that Louis would be great as foil". Walt also cast other prominent actors such as George Sanders as Shere Khan and Sebastian Cabot as Bagheera. Additionally, he cast regular Disney voices such as Sterling Holloway as Kaa, J. Pat O'Malley as Colonel Hathi and Buzzie the Vulture and Verna Felton as Hathi's wife. This was her last film before she died. David Bailey was originally cast as Mowgli, but his voice changed during production, leading Bailey to not fit the "young innocence of Mowgli's character" which the producers were aiming at anymore. Thus director Wolfgang Reitherman cast his son Bruce, who had just voiced Christopher Robin in "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree". The animators shot footage of Bruce as a guide for the character's performance. Child actress Darlene Carr was going around singing in the studio when composers Sherman Brothers asked her to record a demo of "My Own Home". Carr's performance impressed Disney enough for him to cast her as the role of the human girl.
Ghouls.
<doc id="680341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=680341" title="University of Buckingham">
Seven individual NZSAS personnel deployed to Southern Rhodesia as part of the "New Zealand Army Truce Monitoring Contingent Rhodesia 1979–80" on Operation MIDFORD. The contingent also included a number of ex-NZSAS personnel and served in Rhodesia from 7 December 1979 – 10 March 1980.
History.
Early naval career.
<doc id="681051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=681051" title="Andante favori">
Automan
Langevin is noted for his work on paramagnetism and diamagnetism, and devised the modern interpretation of this phenomenon in terms of spins of electrons within atoms. His most famous work was in the use of ultrasound using Pierre Curie's piezoelectric effect. During World War I, he began working on the use of these sounds to detect submarines through echo location. today, their respective grandson and granddaughter are married to one another: Hélène Langevin-Joliot and Michel Langevin. He was also noted for being an outspoken opponent of Nazism, and was removed from his post by the Vichy government following the occupation of the country by Nazi Germany. He was later restored to his position in 1944. He died in Paris in 1946, two years after living to see the Liberation of Paris. He is buried near several other prominent French scientists in the Pantheon in Paris.
<doc id="681582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=681582" title="Effective field theory">
A major effect, however, is that all drivers tend to form very large "packs" of cars that run closely together for the majority of the race. In these packs drivers often run three abreast across the track, consequently there may be as little as one second separating the entire field. These large packs reduce air resistance which allows the cars to run faster and makes drafting easier.
