"His splendid instrument, made specially for him by Michael Egan, the most famous of all Irish pipemakers, while both were in Liverpool, was treasured by his widow for seven years after his death. Necessity however forced her to sacrifice her sentiments, and though costing originally twenty pounds she disposed of it for a trice to a pipe-repairer named Dugan, of Merchant’s Quay, Dublin."

Macroemulsions are kinetically stabilized mixtures of at least two immiscible liquids where one of the liquids has droplets with a diameter greater than 0.1 μm. Macroemulsions scatter light effectively and therefore appear milky, because their droplets are greater than a wavelength of light. They are part of a larger family of emulsions along with microemulsions. As with all emulsions, one phase serves as the dispersing agent. It is often called the continuous or outer phase. The remaining phase(s) are disperse or inner phase(s), because the liquid droplets are finely distributed amongst the larger continuous phase droplets. This type of emulsion is thermodynamically unstable, but can be stabilized for a period of time with applications of kinetic energy. Surfactants (emulsifiers) are used to reduce the interfacial tension between the two layers, and induce macroemulsion stability for a useful amount of time.
"Badaud" was in usage from the 16th century, if not earlier, a French adaptation of the old Provençal "badau". From the beginning the term described frivolous curiosity and ignorance. The "Grand dictionnaire universel du XIXe siècle" (1867) defined the term in this way: “The "badaud" is curious; he is astonished by everything he sees; he believes everything he hears, and he shows his contentment or his surprise by his open, gaping mouth.” The term came frequently to describe the crowds that gathered in the street at any remarkable sight. From the 17th century and after, the term was associated with Parisians. It is most frequently rendered in English as “gawker” or “bystander”. 
<doc id="36052976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36052976" title="Hired armed lugger Nile">
In the United Kingdom, unlike the United States, students do not usually 'graduate' from school below university level. They will normally leave secondary school or a sixth form college (if applicable) with specific qualifications, such as General Certificate of Education GCSEs and A-levels, Scottish Qualification Authority Standard Grades and Higher national courses or, less frequently, other certificates such as the International Baccalaureate. However, these are not usually presented in a formal ceremony.
<doc id="36054647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36054647" title="Callaghan College Waratah Technology Campus">
