<doc id="2103345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2103345" title="White House horrors">

Ross has a history of arrests starting in childhood and continuing after his record label signing and album release. He was sentenced to seven years in prison in 2006 after failing to appear in court for his sentencing (which was to be 2 – 6 years initially) on a charge of grand larceny from 2004, in which he pleaded guilty to criminal possession of more than US$6,000 worth of jewelry stolen in a hotel. He was released from prison in May 2010, and was interviewed by BET two hours later.
Werner Goldberg featured in an episode of the Yesterday TV series "Nazi Collaborators", first screened in the UK in December 2010.
A memorial to the victims of the bombing stands in Owen's Fields at the northern end of Goswell Road.
The design was freshened, leaving only the roof and doors of the car intact. The Vantage was wider, appeared lower, and used four round "grapefruit" tail lights (rumoured to have been those used on a Bova coach for the prototype). Like the 6.3, the Vantage used record-sized 362 mm (14 in) brake discs and 18 inch wheels.
Simultaneous absorption of three or more photons is also possible, allowing for three-photon or multiphoton excitation microscopy.
<doc id="2105481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2105481" title="Bill Cole">
Huemul occur in several national parks in Chile and neighbouring parts of Argentina and have been on the Endangered list since 1996. They are endangered primarily due to human impacts such as deforestation, habitat fragmentation by roads, introduction of non-native mammals such as farm animals, and poaching. They are in a classic "extinction spiral" marked by increasingly small, isolated populations.
The 1887-built footbridge than spanned the station and gave access to the operating floor of the signal box was destroyed on 18 October 1987 when hit by a crane enagaged in track renewals, it has been replaced by a new bridge.


Arthur Percival Foley Rhys-Davids DSO, MC & Bar (26 September 1897 – 27 October 1917) was a British flying ace during the First World War.

It is also important to note that IEB students who matriculate receive the same certificate as a NSC student would and universities may not bias between a state NSC and IEB matriculant.
Leonard Boyle
"St. George and the Dragonet" is a short audio satire recorded August 26, 1953 by Stan Freberg for Capitol Records. It was released September 21, 1953 as a 45 rpm single (Capitol F2596), and reached #1 on both the "Billboard" and "Cash Box" record charts.

Adrian Hates is a classically trained guitarist and pianist who started out as the guitarist for Garden of Delight. He initiated the Diary of Dreams project in the late 1980s, taking the name from one of his early classical guitar compositions, "Tagebuch der Träume." The first album, "Cholymelan", appeared in 1994 on the Dion Fortune label.
Cindy Hsu (born May 6, 1966) is an American television news reporter and anchor at WCBS-TV. She currently solo anchors the weekend evening newscasts (6:00 p.m. on Saturdays, 6:30 p.m. on Sundays and 11:00 p.m. both days). Up until March 2014, she also co-anchored the weekend morning newscasts. At different times, she previously served as anchor for the morning, noon and 5:00 pm. newscasts.
William Walter Remington (October 25, 1917 – November 24, 1954) was an economist employed in various federal government positions until his career was interrupted by accusations of espionage made by the Soviet spy and defector Elizabeth Bentley. He was convicted of perjury in connection with these charges in 1953, and murdered in prison in 1954. His death has been cited as one of the few murders attributable to McCarthyism.
Commercial releases.
The relatively large time gap between the construction of "Tian Dan" and the previous "Cheng Kung"-class frigate, "Chang Chien", can be accounted by that "Tian Dan" was not intended to be of the standard "Cheng Kung" design. Initially, the design of "Tian Dan" was going to be modified to fit a lighter version of AEGIS that later became SPY-1F, and the drawings looked very much like the Spanish Navy "Álvaro de Bazán" (F-100) class frigates. However, due to uncertain risks at the time, such as the need for ROCN to bear the full cost of the SPY-1F design, and concerns of putting such a system on such a small hull, forced ROCN to abandon this ambitious plan by mid 1990s. The original plan called for three more SPY-1F AGEIS type frigates, in addition to "Tian Dan". "Álvaro de Bazán" can be seen as a realization of this plan with SPY-1F system.
A hurricane tie is used to help make a structure (specifically wooden structures) more resistant to high winds (such as in hurricanes), resisting uplift, racking, overturning, and sliding.
The Balloon-borne Large Aperture Submillimeter Telescope (BLAST) is a submillimeter telescope that hangs from a high altitude balloon. It has a 2 meter primary mirror that directs light into bolometer arrays operating at 250, 350, and 500 µm. These arrays were developed for the SPIRE instrument on the Herschel Space Observatory. The project is carried out by a multi-university consortium headed by the University of Pennsylvania and which also includes University of Toronto, Brown University, the University of Miami, the University of British Columbia, JPL, INAOE, and Cardiff University. The third flight of BLAST in Antarctica was a scientific success, but much of telescope was destroyed after landing. It has been rebuilt for a flight from Antarctica in the 2010-11 austral summer. This most recent flight of BLAST (aka BLAST-Pol) has a polarimeter to observe the polarized light from star forming cores. The light is polarized due to magnetic fields. It is thought that the magnetic fields inhibit the collapse of the cores. The Herschel Space Observatory does not have a polarimeter.
The eigenvalues represent the powers of the exponential components and the eigenvectors are coefficients. If the solutions are written in algebraic form, they express the fundamental multiplicative factor of the exponential term. Due to the nonuniqueness of eigenvectors, every solution arrived at in this way has undetermined constants "c"1, "c"2, ... "cn".
Building elevation control is a valuable source of vibration control of seismic loading. Pyramid-shaped skyscrapers continue to attract the attention of architects and engineers because such structures promise a better stability against earthquakes and winds. The elevation configuration can prevent buildings' resonant amplifications because a properly configured building disperses the sheer wave energy between a wide range of frequencies.
Other characters.

Bridges was born at Park Farm, Eltham, Kent, England, to Major Thomas Walker and Mary Ann Bridges. He was educated at Newton Abbot College and later at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich. He was married in London on 14 November 1907, to a widow, Janet Florence Marshall; they had one daughter, Alvilde Bridges, who ws married first to
The lyrics describe Björk already knowing who her perfect lover will be, even though she hasn't yet met him. The remastered version as appears on the 2006 release "Surrounded" features a newly recorded vocal take.
The iconography of the human head is believed by many archaeologists and historians to have played a significant part in Celtic religion. The Greek historian Diodorus Siculus, writing in the 1st century BCE, described how Celtic warriors "cut off the heads of enemies slain in battle and attach them to the necks of their horses." Strabo meanwhile commented in the same century that until the Roman authorities put a stop to it, amongst the Celts, "the heads of enemies held in high repute they used to embalm in cedar oil and exhibit to strangers." Archaeological evidence indicating that the Celts did indeed behead humans and then display their heads, possibly for religious purposes, has been unearthed at a number of excavations; one notable example of this was found at the Gaulish site of Entremont near to Aix-en-Provence, where a fragment of a pillar carved with images of skulls was found, within which were niches where actual human skulls were kept, nailed into position, fifteen examples of which were found.
The section of canal from Pontymoile to Pontnewynydd was converted into a railway in 1853, with the loss of 11 locks, and more significantly, much of the water supply to the lower canal. Following the conversion, the next part of the canal to close was the section from Newport to the docks, which lasted until 1879. The rest of the Newport section, to the northern portal of Barrack Hill Tunnel, was closed in 1930, and the Cwmbran section followed in 1954. The Crumlin branch was abandoned as a commercial waterway in 1930, but was retained in water. In February 1946, a serious breach occurred at Abercarn, 2.5 miles (4 km) from Crumlin, and although this section of the canal had not been used for 16 years, the breach was repaired. However, the branch was closed just three years later in 1949, and the section from Pontywaun to Crumlin was filled in and used as the route for the A467 road in 1968/9. The rest of the canal was formally abandoned in 1962, but within two years, restoration had begun. Funding for the restoration became available as a result of the National Parks legislation. This was designed to help The Broads in Norfolk and Suffolk, but that area was not designated as a National Park, whereas the Brecon Beacons were, and the canal was seen as a valuable amenity in an area of natural beauty. The canal was reopened to Pontymoile in 1970.
Not surprisingly, even after his work assignment concluded, Gandhi soon found a reason to remain in South Africa. This pivotal reason involved the "Indian Franchise Bill", with which the Natal legislature intended to deprive Indians of the right to vote. No opposition existed against this bill, except among some of Gandhi's friends who asked him to stay in South Africa and work with them against this new injustice against Indians, who white South Africans disparagingly called "coolies." He found that racist attitudes had become deeply entrenched, especially in the Dutch-ruled regions, where they lived in the worst urban slums and could not own property or manage agricultural land. Even in Natal, where Indians had more influence, they were not allowed to go out after 9 p.m. without a pass, while in Cape Colony, another British territory, they were not allowed to walk on the sidewalk. The new bill which prohibited Indians from voting in Natal only codified existing injustice in writing.
<doc id="2113388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2113388" title="Rhoon">
In 1791, there were many people living on this island, cultivating ground provisions and sugar apples (Annona squamosa). During the time of slavery large quantities of cotton were grown, which after emancipation was abandoned. Later, when the price of cotton was very high, the industry was re-established by Messrs. Gerold and Urich. There were also three or four whaling stations carried on by Messrs. Gerold and Urich, Tardieu and F. Urich and Partners.
Vaidišová ended her losing streak at the DFS Classic, winning two matches before losing to Bethanie Mattek. As the 18th seed at Wimbledon she enjoyed an unexpected run to the quarterfinals, before losing to Zheng Jie at the last eight stage.
Jiaozuo is noted for its blast furnaces and machine construction industries.
Tudor also owned a country estate in Saugus, Massachusetts (then part of Lynn), which he had inherited from his father. Known as "Rockwood", it was from the estate's pond that Tudor's son Frederic began harvesting ice for shipment to the Caribbean. The Tudors vacated the property in 1807 and leased it to other families until 1823, when it was purchased by the town for use as a poor farm. The farm was torn down in the 1950s and the property was used as the location for a new Saugus High School.
In spent most of the season with the Double-A Greenville Braves of the Southern League, hitting .249 with two homers, 36 RBIs and 36 runs scored in 89 games. He also hit .392 with eight RBIs in 17 games with Class-A Advanced Myrtle Beach.
Armoured fighting vehicles produced in Israel
Overview.
