Christchurch West High School
In 1921, at age 33, Gilbert signed on as foundation captain-coach of the newly formed St. George club. He retired as player at the end of that season but coached the club until 1924.
The Freewoman was a feminist journal/newspaper in publication during the early twentieth century in Britain. Dora Marsden founded The Freewoman in November 1911, but the paper was also co-edited by Mary Gawthorpe. Despite being edited by both women, Marsden initially used Gawthorpe for her name and influence in the feminist society to give the paper creditability and popularity. The paper was rooted in more radical feminist ideals that stretched beyond strictly suffrage. Marsden focused the paper around the discussion of sex and the idea of being sexual, causing many issues to arise amongst readers. After the first issue of The Freewoman, the female readers, many of whom grew up during the Victorian era of feminism, thought the views presented did not reflect the ideals of the feminism they had grown to understand. One of their main objectives was the papers very obvious discussions and references to sex. 
The Possible (, "Kao ... Kao") is a 2006 Thai musical-comedy film. It stars Thai rapper Joey Boy (Apisit Opsasaimlikit) as the leader of a 1970s rock group (Thai string combo) that finds themselves transported by a time machine-microphone to the present day. The band, The Possible, is patterned loosely after an actual Thai band from the 1970s, The Impossibles. The film is directed by Witthaya Thongyooyong, one of the six directors of the hit 2003 Thai film, "Fan Chan".
Rosny Park, Tasmania
Sources
Royal Consorts of León.
British Leyland announced the new Triumph Acclaim and Austin Ambassador. The Acclaim was a Ford Escort competitor that offered a new design to replace the Austin Allegro. The Acclaim was derived from the Japanese Honda Ballade. The Ambassador was a heavily reworked version of the Princess, with a hatchback bodystyle.



Talbot, Indiana
Eric Cook
Because connections are allowed between words that are not uttered consecutively, one way to play the game (favoured by Graeme) is to say alternate words that are all connected. In one round, Graeme and Barry gave the sequence ""shampoo"", "dilatory", ""conditioner"", "fecund", ""hair"", at which point they were stopped when Tim pointed out that "a hair, out of Graeme, drops off every fecund".
Old Henry
Extreme Championship Wrestling.

<doc id="8094709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8094709" title="Bodybuilding at the 2006 Asian Games">
Timid by nature, with frail health, he painfully bore this question for fourteen years :
<doc id="8096186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8096186" title="Gare de Surgères">
The Austrian Black and Tan Hound is a breed of dog originating in Austria.
In his native Zambia, Musonda was a two times winner of the league championship with Nkana FC in 1999 and 2001.
Druas were sacred canoes in the sense that only aristocrats could own one. Their main role was as war ships, taking part in naval battles and transporting warriors during raids. They also had a representative role, and were used to collect taxes. Following Fijian custom, it was an insult to cross her bows, or to sail to her windward, where the mast stay could be easily cut bringing down the sail. It was also custom to paddle and not to sail in sight of another chief's territory. Launching a drua required a bloody ritual, including human sacrifices. 
In 2007, a new feature was introduced to the Autumn Trophy - the FPA Shootout. This was a separate competition within the second weekend of the Autumn Trophy at Snetterton where the driver that accumulated the most points from two out of the weekend's three races received automatic nomination for the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award. In 2007, the FPA Shootout winner was Nick Tandy.
A band in a Riesz space, is called a "projection band", if , meaning every element in , can be written uniquely as a sum of two elements, , with in and in . There then also exists a positive linear idempotent, or "projection", , such that .
The effort took its toll and with only two kilometres to go, Pietri began to feel the effects of extreme fatigue and dehydration. When he entered the stadium, he took the wrong path and when umpires redirected him, he fell down for the first time. He got up with their help, in front of 75,000 spectators.
Title reigns were determined by professional wrestling hardcore match types with wrestlers involved in pre-existing scripts feuds, plots and storylines or were awarded the title due to scripted circumstances. Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or fan favorites as they followed a series of tension-building events, which culminated in a hardcore wrestling type match or series of matches for the championship. The inaugural champion was Norman Smiley, who defeated Brian Knobs at Mayhem. Before the promotion's purchase, the title was vacant, though, Meng was the final wrestler to hold the championship. The title was won in Canadian municipalities and in American states. Smiley held the title the longest at 51 days, and at less than one day, Carl Oullete has the shortest title reign. Brian Knobs has won the title on three occasions, the most in the championship's history; this also ties with the number of times the title was vacated. Overall, there were 18 reigns.

trey
Education and family.
<doc id="8102563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8102563" title="Marcellinus (magister officiorum)">

