Darbhangā is a municipal corporation and the town of old Darbhanga Raj and present headquarters of Darbhanga district and Darbhanga Division in the state of Bihar, India. Darbhanga is 5th largest city of Bihar & has been developing rapidly. After Patna Darbhanga is big medical hub of Bihar and border cities of Nepal as well. It is one of the most important district and big city of north Bihar situated in the very heart of Mithilanchal. Darbhanga is also the headquarters of Darbhanga division. Darbhanga has a big market and trading centre in North Bihar. According to the latest 2011 census, the total population of the district is 3,921,971, of which about 91.30% live in rural areas. There are 511,125 people in scheduled castes, while there are only 841 people in scheduled tribes; together, they account for 15.53% of the total population. The total male population is 2,053,043, with the female population being 1,868,928. The population density is as high as 1,721 per km2 and the sex ratio is 910. 290,889 families were below the poverty line, with 1,745,334 people (66.28% of the population).
Commuter services go to (1) Maynooth and the western suburbs, (2) Balbriggan, Drogheda and Dundalk on the former GNR(I) main line and (3) Arklow and Rosslare Europort.
Exponentiating both sides of the formula for formula_129 yields

For the next twelve years he traveled, refusing to stay in one place more than six months, and worked his way through the countries of West Africa, into Europe, and finally, in the mid-1960s, found a boat to Greenland. All the while, he taught himself languages through correspondence courses and made an endless number of friends through his skills as a story-teller and natural charm. The story of his adventures in Greenland can be found in his book, published in France in 1977, "An African in Greenland". 

The later structural changes of trachoma are referred to as “cicatricial trachoma”. These include scarring in the eyelid (tarsal conjunctiva) that leads to distortion of the eyelid with buckling of the lid (tarsus) so the lashes rub on the eye (trichiasis). These lashes will lead to corneal opacities and scarring and then to blindness. Linear scar present in the Sulcus subtarsalis is called Arlt's line (named after Carl Ferdinand von Arlt). In addition, blood vessels and scar tissue can invade the upper cornea (pannus). Resolved limbal follicles may leave small gaps in pannus (Herbert’s Pits).
Breadboxes are thus designed to: 
Ron Richards.
Club involvement is considered an "integral aspect of the educational experience" at Hong Kong International School. As of the 2007–2008 school year, HKIS High School has a total of 70 registered clubs, with an especially strong focus in community service. Students in the High School are able to form their own official clubs with the approval of the faculty and student government.
The Obregón Family (father-son)

The Hunter Jaegers were an Australian netball team representing the Hunter Region of New South Wales in the national Commonwealth Bank Trophy. The team was initially based out of the Newcastle Entertainment Centre, but merged with the Sydney Swifts in 2008 to create the New South Wales Swifts to compete in the ANZ Championship.
"Carry On" films.
The 6551 Asynchronous Communications Interface Adapter (ACIA) was an integrated circuit made by MOS Technology. It served as a companion UART chip for the widely popular 6502 microprocessor. Intended to implement RS-232, its specifications called for a maximum speed of 19,200 bits per second. It was used in the Commodore PET, Commodore Plus/4, Apple Computer's Super Serial Card for the Apple II family, and possibly other lesser-known computers.
Having witnessed the positive effects of neighboring Estonia’s currency board, Lithuanian Prime Minister Adolfas Šleževičius, met with Hanke and his wife Liliane over lunch in January 1994 to discuss the possibility of a currency reform package for Lithuania. During that meeting, Šleževičius appointed Hanke a State Counselor – a cabinet-level appointment – and tasked him with designing a currency board system for Lithuania.
Services.
__NOTOC__
