Mainzer received a B.Sc. in Physics from Stanford University with honors (1996), and holds an M.Sc. in Astronomy from California Institute of Technology (2000) and a PhD in Astronomy from the University of California, Los Angeles (2003)
Uyenishi adapted enthusiastically to life in Edwardian London society. He was an exotic “character” whose stylish dress-sense and gentlemanly bearing were considered noteworthy by several interviewers. 

While systematic Marian theology is not new, Pope Pius XII is credited with promoting the "independent" theological study of Mary on a large scale with the creation or elevation of four papal Mariological research centres, e.g. the Marianum. The papal institutes were created to foster Mariological research and to explain and support the Roman Catholic veneration of Mary. This new orientation was continued by Popes John XXIII, Paul VI and John Paul II with the additional creation of "Pontifica Academia Mariana Internationale and Centro di Cultura Mariana", a pastoral center to promulgate Marian teachings of the Church, and, "Societa Mariologica Italiana", an Italian mariological society with interdisciplinary orientation.
The National Association of Photoshop Professionals (NAPP) is a Kelby Media Group company founded by Scott Kelby and has more than 75,000 members worldwide. It is primarily for users of Adobe software including Photoshop as well as other programs like InDesign, Illustrator and Lightroom.
The first TV spot aired during Super Bowl XLIV on February 7, 2010. It showed parts of the film that were not shown in the teaser trailer and had no diagetic dialogue, but merely narration. On February 10, the theatrical trailer was released online. It shows multiple scenes from the film and is an expanded version of the first TV spot. McDonald's sold Happy Meals to promote the film.
Daia Română (; ) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania. It has a population of 3,109. It is composed of a single village, Daia Română.
Cody Sharib – University of Connecticut
