International career.
His son Moses became a man of wealth and distinction and a member of Oglethorpe’s Masonic Lodge. Moses served as an Indian interpreter and an agent for the Georgia Revolutionary forces. In his will of October 14, 1785, Moses divided his property equally among his children born to his first wife Rebecca Abraham (a son Samuel) and to his second wife Mulatto Rose (sons James, Robert and Alexander and daughter Frances Galphin).
Vietnam at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Act I.
The School of Fine Arts or College of Fine Arts is the official name or part of the name of several schools of fine arts, often as an academic part of a larger university. These include:
<doc id="18505785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505785" title="First Trinitarian Congregational Church">
Trimmed estimators can also be used as statistics in their own right – for example, the median is a measure of location, and the IQR is a measure of dispersion. In these cases, the sample statistics can act as estimators of their own expected value. For example, the MAD of a sample from a standard Cauchy distribution is an estimator of the population MAD, which in this case is 1, whereas the population variance does not exist.
<doc id="18506983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506983" title="Leica M7">
<doc id="18507530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18507530" title="Iron Wolf">
Fühmann's work includes poems, translations of Czech and Hungarian poems, books for children and young adults, essays, stories, a ballet ("Kirke und Odysseus") and a collaboration with a photographer ("Was für eine Insel in was für einem Meer") about the developmentally disabled. He also compiled a volume of poems by rearranging parts a rhyming dictionary and furnishing it with headings.
David Owen (?December 1796 - 16 January 1866, known by the pseudonym Brutus, was a Welsh satirical writer, editor and preacher.

Mouquet has composed and produced for different artists such as Josh Groban (Closer), (Awake), Ana Torroja (Mecano), Mell (Japan), Chitose Hajime (Japan), Sa Dingding (Deep China).
The modern Guardians team is the second to operate under the name, following the original team created by Arnold Drake and Gene Colan in 1969. These Guardians first appeared in "Guardians of the Galaxy" (vol. 2) #1 (May 2008). A feature film based on this team was released in 2014.
book of poems published during the preceding calendar year. The award acknowledges that Maurice English's first volume of poetry, "Midnight in the Century", was published in his 55th year. The award carries an honorarium of $3,000 and a request for a public reading in Philadelphia. The award was first given in 1985 to Jane Cooper for "Scaffolding: New and Selected Poems" (1985).
HSwMS "Helsingborg" is a Swedish . She was ordered by the Swedish Government in 1995 and is the second ship of the class built by Kockums. She has been in active service with the 31st Corvette Squadron, 3rd Naval Warfare Flottilla since 19 December 2009.
Tsugaru Yukitsugu
<doc id="18513940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513940" title="Jon Lajoie">
Council of Chalcedon.
As of February 2013, 126 active states have ratified or acceded to the treaty, most recently Montenegro on 3 June 2006. A further 10 states have signed but not ratified the treaty. The instrument of ratification, accession, or succession is deposited at the respective capitals of the principal states of the treaty: Moscow, London, and Washington, D.C..
Robert Leon Wilkie is an American lawyer who served as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs. An intelligence officer in the United States Naval Reserve, he was nominated for the position by U.S. President George W. Bush on June 20, 2006, and his appointment was approved by the Senate on September 30, 2006. He currently lives in Arlington, Virginia, with his wife and two children and now works at CH2M Hill.

Mitsubishi's new clean diesel engines use a high-pressure common rail injection system to improve combustion efficiency. The "4N13" 1.8-liter uses solenoid fuel-injectors. The larger "4N14" 2.3-liter engine uses piezo fuel-injectors that produce a finer fuel spray. Both engines feature a fast ceramic glowplug system. The engines are designed to operate at a lower compression ratio, thus lowering the combustion pressure, allowing the use of an aluminium cylinder block that reduces weight.
Daniela Rhodes has made many fundamental contributions to understanding the structure and function of nucleic acids and their biologically important interactions with many different proteins. Her work combines biochemical analyses with direct structural determination. She determined the structures of a number of important protein-DNA complexes involved in transcription, such as zinc-fingers and nuclear hormone receptors. She has provided some of the first structural information on telomeric proteins, such as yeast Rap1p and human TRF1 and TRF2 and their complexes with DNA. Throughout her career she has made many contributions to the understanding of chromatin structure and function. She was involved in determining the structure of the nucleosome core particle, has worked on transcriptionally active chromatin and more recently on the higher order 30nm structure of chromatin. Her research continues to focus on understanding how the structure of chromatin is involved in transcriptional regulation and how telomeres are involved in preserving chromosome integrity.
His early roots sprang from gospel, funk, and rock. As The One grew as an artist, he expanded his skills experimenting with other genres of music such as pop, jazz, psychedelia, trip hop, and a slanted version of country.
First Fairmount, "James Dean Garfield" was unveiled in July 2006. He is dressed in "cool" attire, sporting an open-button collar and denim jeans, placed outside the Fairmount Historical Museum. In tribute to Van Buren, dubbed "the Popcorn Capital of the World", "Popcorn Eating Garfield" was unveiled during the August, 2006 Popcorn Festival. Garfield is dressed in the athletic uniform of the now-defunct Van Buren High School "Aces." In Sweetser, "College-bound Garfield" was unveiled in October 2006; the statue is located along the popular Sweetser Switch Trail after money was raised by the Sweetser Lions Club. This one is in place in front of the train. The status was vandalized when its lower left arm was cut off, but was repaired by summer 2007.
Arriflex 416 is a motion picture camera product line created by Arri in 2006. This camera line was introduced in large part to accommodate new lenses of larger diameter which physically interfered with the Arri 16 SR 3 viewfinder. The 416 camera series is designed for 16mm filmmaking in the Super 16 format. The 416 series has some features that are derived from Arri's 35mm cameras. The 416 series is compatible with some 35mm camera accessories, such as PL-mount lenses, base plates, matte boxes, follow focus units, etc.

China is now adding sulfur dioxide reducing technology to its power plants. It has been argued that the release of sulfur dioxide from burning coal has slowed global warming and has caused 4,698.3 deaths in the past decade. 
