Manley flew for the last decade of the Kilrathi War stationed mainly in the Astoria system, earning his 5-Kill Ace Ribbon and a citation for bravery defending Earth after the False Armistice.
<doc id="598058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=598058" title="GCSE (disambiguation)">

The Tlokwe Local Municipality serves amongst others the Potchefstroom area. Mayor Maphetle Maphetle (ANC) was dismissed late 2012 after a motion of no confidence was passed and Prof. A. Combrinck from the opposition (DA) was elected mayor. Only 3 months later a motion of no confidence was passed on Prof. Combrinck and Mayor Maphetle Maphetle was reinstated.
Gossett's Broadway theatre credits include "A Raisin in the Sun" (1959). Gossett stepped into the world of cinema in the Sidney Poitier vehicle "A Raisin in the Sun" in 1961.
Non-cardiac conditions.
Storm surge caused minor coastal flooding, especially on Galveston Island. Dean dropped mostly light rainfall across Texas, though some areas received more than . Precipitation from the storm caused moderate localized damage. The resulting floods caused the evacuation of 20 families in Chambers County and flooded 38 houses in the southeastern portions of Texas. Two tornadoes were also reported in the state, but neither caused significant damage. In Oklahoma, heavy rainfall flooded more than 40 houses and left about 24 cars stranded. At least three highways suffered significant flooding, while other minor roads were closed for several days. Outside of Oklahoma and Texas, the remnants of the storm dropped rainfall in 10 others states, though minimal damage occurred. Despite the flooding, property damage estimates were only $500,000 (1995 USD) and only one fatality occurred.
Reception.
The prize was established in 1948 by Paul Mellon, and was funded by a US$10,000 grant from the Bollingen Foundation to the Library of Congress. Both the prize and the foundation are named after the village of Bollingen, Switzerland, where Carl Jung had a country retreat, the Bollingen Tower. The inaugural prize, chosen by a jury of Fellows in American Letters of the Library of Congress, was awarded to Ezra Pound for his collection of poems "The Pisan Cantos".
<doc id="599178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=599178" title="Cosmopolitanism">
Sahl, who is Jewish, received the Fifth Annual Alan King Award in American Jewish Humor (2003) from the National Foundation for Jewish Culture.
Voltage-to-Frequency converters are voltage-controlled oscillators, with a highly linear relation between applied voltage and frequency. They are used to convert a slow analog signal (such as from a temperature transducer) to a digital signal for transmission over a long distance, since the frequency will not drift or be affected by noise. VCOs may have sine and/or square wave outputs. Function generators are low-frequency oscillators which feature multiple waveforms, typically sine, square, and triangle waves. Monolithic function generators are voltage-controlled. Analog phase-locked loops typically contain VCOs. High-frequency VCOs are usually used in phase-locked loops for radio receivers. Phase noise is the most important specification for them. Low-frequency VCOs are used in analog music synthesizers. For these, sweep range, linearity, and distortion are often most important specs. Audio-frequency VCOs for use in musical contexts were largely superseded in the 1980s by their digital counterparts, DCOs, due to their output stability in the face of temperature changes during operation. From the 1990s on, pure software is the primary sound-generating method, but VCOs have become popular again often thanks to their imperfections.
After your Highnesses ended the war of the Moors who reigned in Europe, and finished the war of the great city of Granada, where this present year 1492 on the 2nd January I saw the royal banners of Your Highnesses planted by force of arms on the towers of the Alhambra.
, there were 77 students in Faido who came from another municipality, while 113 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Willis married Cilla Black on 25 January 1969 at Marylebone Register Office. They had three sons together; Robert, who is now her manager (born in 1970), Ben (born in 1974), and Jack (born in 1980). Their daughter Ellen (born in 1975), lived for only 2 hours. Like his wife, Willis was a keen supporter of the Conservative Party.
At first Kanık mostly was found peculiar, he was criticized harshly, and heaped upon much opprobrium because of the innovations he introduced to poetry. Although Orhan Veli's tradition-transgressing works were first received with bemusement and dismay, and were subject to derision and contempt later, they have always aroused interest. This interest however, eventually led to an increase in understanding of, and affection and admiration for the poet. Sait Faik Abasıyanık called attention to this aspect of Orhan Veli's public standing identifying him as "a poet who was much scrutinized, at times mocked, at times embraced, then again rejected, to be once again acclaimed; who achieved both great fame and notoriety in his time".
The set.
Apprentice system.
Psychogenic polydipsia is an excessive water intake seen in some patients with mental illnesses such as schizophrenia, and/or the developmentally disabled. It should be taken very seriously, as the amount of water ingested exceeds the amount that can be excreted by the kidneys, and can on rare occasions be life-threatening as the body's serum sodium level is diluted to an extent that seizures and cardiac arrest can occur.

Bonnie Nardi
codice_1
Legacy.
Signature.

In April 2007, Mattel teamed up with the Sugababes to create a new themed Barbie collection, which was released in May 2007. The Sugababes also launched their own shoe collection in association with the German shoe retailer "Deichmann", available from February 2008 in sixteen countries including Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Poland, and the UK. The members chose the range of items in the Star collection themselves. The Sugababes had also told reporters that they hope to branch out into other areas such as a makeup line. In September 2010, the Sugababes released their own fragrances, named Tempt, Tease and Touch.
As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 10,204 and a density of 1,272.32 persons per km². The total area was 8.02 km².
Motives and strategies.

First seen at the end of 1992, the car was produced between 1993 and 2002, with a facelift in 1998. Citroën sold over 1.2 million Xantias during its 9 years of production. After European production ceased in late 2002, overlapping with the C5 by 18 months, the SAIPA Corporation in Iran produced it (until September 2010).
The two were the first to measure accurately the brightnesses of stars whose light varies with time. Goodricke reported the first precise measurement of the period of variation of the star Algol, which is now known to be an eclipsing binary star. For this work, he was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society of London in 1783. He was elected to membership in the Royal Society in 1786, less than two weeks before he died at the age of 21. He is buried with his grandparents, parents, brother, and nephew in the churchyard at Hunsingore, North Yorkshire. At present, the only stone marking their burial places says "The Goodricke Vault." (bio by: Linda French)
Since 1965 Lords of the Manor have been entitled to compensation in the event of compulsory purchase. Before the Land Registration Act 2002 it was possible for manors to be registered with HM Land Registry. Manorial incidents, which are the rights that a lord of the manor may exercise over other people's land, lapsed on 12 October 2013 if not registered by then with the Land Registry. This is a separate issue to the registration of lordships of manors, since both registered and unregistered lordships will continue to exist after that date. It is only their practical rights that will lose what is called 'overriding interest', or in other words the ability to affect land even if the interests or rights are not registered against that land, as of 12 October 2013. Manorial incidents can still be recorded for either registered or unregistered manors; however, proof of existence of the rights may need to be submitted to the Land Registry before they will be noted and they may not be registered at all after affected land is sold after 12 October 2013. This issue does not affect the existence of the title of lord of the manor. There have been cases where manors have been sold and the seller has unknowingly parted with rights to unregistered land in England and Wales.

The victory of the "no" camp in the referendum on sovereignty association was a turning point in Québécois history and culture. Denys Arcand made one of his most acclaimed picture with the NFB, "Le confort et l'indifférence", about the result of the referendum. He then proceeded to direct two movies that were nominated for best foreign picture at the Academy Awards: 1986's "Le Déclin de l'empire américain" and 1989's "Jésus de Montréal".
Dieselisation.
In 2010, a diving project in Loch Striven successfully located "at least eight" Highball prototypes, under more than of water. There are plans to recover some of these prototypes, for conservation and restoration at Brooklands Museum.
In July 2011, Ray & Anita invited fans to be part of the video for "Nothing 2 Lose" in Amsterdam. Fans applied via email and were selected randomly. The video with the fans was shot on 28 July. The single was released at the end of August 2011. The single is also the lead track for the film soundtrack of "Amsterdam Heavy". In the same month, Ray & Anita headlined the "I Love the 90's" stage at Tomorrowland in Belgium.
Communities.
<doc id="603237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=603237" title="Alexander Wallace Matheson">
The Russian cemetery containing at least 270 burials on an adjacent ridge has been cleared and the gravesites identified by archaeological excavations during 1990-1992. A large orchard, including several original trees planted by the Russians, is located inland on Fort Ross Road in Sonoma County.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Summers appeared on television talk shows, including a stint on ABC television's "Home Show". After "Double Dare's" cancellation in 1993, Summers co-hosted "Our Home", a daily talk show aimed at homemakers, on Lifetime. Summers left "Our Home" after a couple of seasons to co-host another Lifetime talk show, "Biggers & Summers".
Fischer played the Exchange Variation of the Ruy Lopez, a favorite line of his. After 17...Rfe8 the game was equal (Gipslis). Spassky defended well, and after a tactical flurry in the endgame, ended up with the nominal advantage of an extra pawn in a rook ending known to be an easy book draw. Although a draw could have been agreed after move 34, Spassky "used his symbolic material advantage for a little psychological torture", prolonging the game until move 60 before agreeing to a draw. Fischer–Spassky, game 16; Ruy Lopez, Exchange Variation (ECO C69) 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Bxc6 dxc6 5.0-0 f6 6.d4 Bg4 7.dxe5 Qxd1 8.Rxd1 fxe5 9.Rd3 Bd6 10.Nbd2 Nf6 11.Nc4 Nxe4 12.Ncxe5 Bxf3 13.Nxf3 0-0 14.Be3 b5 15.c4 Rab8 16.Rc1 bxc4 17.Rd4 Rfe8 18.Nd2 Nxd2 19.Rxd2 Re4 20.g3 Be5 21.Rcc2 Kf7 22.Kg2 (diagram) Rxb2 23.Kf3 c3 24.Kxe4 cxd2 25.Rxd2 Rb5 26.Rc2 Bd6 27.Rxc6 Ra5 28.Bf4 Ra4+ 29.Kf3 Ra3+ 30.Ke4 Rxa2 31.Bxd6 cxd6 32.Rxd6 Rxf2 33.Rxa6 Rxh2 34.Kf3 Rd2 35.Ra7+ Kf6 36.Ra6+ Ke7 37.Ra7+ Rd7 38.Ra2 Ke6 39.Kg2 Re7 40.Kh3 Kf6 41.Ra6+ Re6 42.Ra5 h6 43.Ra2 Kf5 44.Rf2+ Kg5 45.Rf7 g6 46.Rf4 h5 47.Rf3 Rf6 48.Ra3 Re6 49.Rf3 Re4 50.Ra3 Kh6 51.Ra6 Re5 52.Kh4 Re4+ 53.Kh3 Re7 54.Kh4 Re5 55.Rb6 Kg7 56.Rb4 Kh6 57.Rb6 Re1 58.Kh3 Rh1+ 59.Kg2 Ra1 60.Kh3 Ra4 ½–½
Edward Goderich "Carji" Greeves, Junior (1 November 1903 – 15 April 1963) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was the winner of the inaugural Brownlow Medal in 1924, for the fairest and best player in the VFL (it is now, since 1990, awarded to the fairest and best player in the Australian Football League).
Medical uses.
Chip and PIN cards are not foolproof; several vulnerabilities have been found and demonstrated, and there have been large-scale instances of fraudulent exploitation. In many cases banks have been reluctant to accept that their systems could be at fault and have refused to refund victims of what is arguably fraud, although legislation introduced in November 2009 has improved victims' rights and put the onus on the banks to prove negligence or fraud by the cardholder. Vulnerabilities and fraud are discussed in depth in the main article.
The Army–Navy Game is an American college football rivalry game between the teams of the United States Military Academy (USMA) at West Point, New York and the United States Naval Academy (USNA) at Annapolis, Maryland. The USMA team, the "Army Black Knights", and the USNA team, the "Navy Midshipmen", each represent their services' oldest officer commissioning sources. As such, the game has come to embody the spirit of the interservice rivalry of the United States Armed Forces. Though not intentional, for several years the game has marked the end of the college football regular season.
Sprague's engines were used as far afield as Sydney Harbour, Australia. A five-horsepower Lundell electric motor used at the Cockatoo Island dockyard between 1900 and 1980 is now in the collection of the National Museum of Australia in Canberra.
Náutico.

Word order.
But Henry was still wary of Robert and placed his followers in key positions in Normandy. In the rebellion of 1110/2 barons on the frontier of Normandy were disgruntal over Henry's policies and especially of his attempting to take custody of William Clito, son of Robert Curthose. According to Orderic, Robert played a central role in this rebellion after the death of Elias I, Count of Maine in July 1110. In 1112 Robert was sent as an envoy of the French king to Henry I at his court at Bonneville to negotiate the release of Robert Curthose, whereas Henry seized Robert and imprisoned him. Apparently Henry had charges already prepared; failing to attend Henry at his court after being summoned three times, of failing to render accounts, and of acting against his lord's interests. Technically Robert may have been guilty but arguably it was not safe for him to attend Henry, he may have regarded the revenues as gifts and it's also arguable whether the charge of acting against Henry's interests warranted the severity of the punishment. In addition Robert was under the king's protection as an emissary sent to negotiate Robert Curthose's release. This gave the act international implications but at the time Louis VI of France and Henry I were intriguing against each other so the breach of protocol went unpunished. But with Robert's imprisonment the rebellion against Henry collapsed. Robert spent the rest of his life as a prisoner; the exact date of his death is not known.
Work.
American-Tan.
Philosophy.

At the Slam Bang Club, Madame Dilly is in a drunken stupor. Gabey asks her where Ivy is, and she lets it slip that she is at Coney Island. Gabey runs off to find her. Chip and Ozzie, afraid that he won't be able to get back to the ship on time, rush after him. On their way out, they come across Lucy and Pitkin. Claire once again leaves him to go with Ozzie. Pitkin recalls all the times in his life that he "understood" and realizes he's been played the fool by everyone, including Claire ("Pitkin's Song (I Understand)"). He also bonds with Lucy and the two of them join the chase along with the little old lady, the police officers, Figment, and Uperman.
There are over 100 species of papilomavirus recognised. All papillomaviruses (PVs) have similar genomic organizations, and any pair of PVs contains at least five homologous genes, although the nucleotide sequence may diverge by more than 50%. Phylogenetic algorithms that permit the comparison of homologies led to phylogenetic trees that have a similar topology, independent of the gene analyzed. Phylogenetic studies strongly suggest that PVs normally evolve together with their mammalian and bird host species, do not change host species, do not recombine, and have maintained their basic genomic organization for a period exceeding 100 million years. These sequence comparisons have laid the foundation for a PV taxonomy, which is now officially recognized by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses. All PVs form the family "Papillomaviridae", which is distinct from the "Polyomaviridae" thus eliminating the term "Papovaviridae". Major branches of the phylogenetic tree of PVs are considered genera, which are identified by Greek letters. Minor branches are considered species and unite PV types that are genomically distinct without exhibiting known biological differences. This new taxonomic system does not affect the traditional identification and characterization of PV "types" and their independent isolates with minor genomic differences, referred to as "subtypes" and "variants", all of which are taxa below the level of "species". The family "Papillomaviridae" currently contains 30 genera.
During production, Irving Thalberg, who had brought the Marx Brothers to MGM, died suddenly of pneumonia at age 37. After Thalberg's death the studio never gave the proper care to the Marx Brothers, and the three movies made at MGM afterward are considered to be far inferior than the first two as a result.
Malampa Province
Canada

National Hockey League (1989–2004).
The Lord Mayhew's counsel argued, "The purpose of a writ of summons is to bring a peer to parliament for the first time. It tells him to come and join the parliament. He then hands in the writ. It has had its effect. He is there; it is no longer needed; it does not keep him: otherwise he would have to return it daily. Once he has handed the writ in, it is his status as lord of that parliament ('a member of the House of Lords') which confers rights and duties." Counsel suggested further that there were separate punishments for failure to obey the writ by attending and for leaving before Parliament concluded without a leave of absence. 

Administrative and municipal status.
Geography.
Khattak also migrated from Akora Khattak more than 100 years ago, and settled down in city of Mansehra in the current day province of Khyber Pashtunkhwa. They are settled in in the city of Mansehra, and in the villages of Lambi Dheri, Kotkay, Jhagir, and Labarkot. In addition, they are settled in some areas of Abbotabad.
The 1976 442 shared a new aerodynamic sloped nose designed for NASCAR with split grilles and new quad rectangular headlights with Cutlass S models, along with revised lower sheetmetal with fewer creases than the 1973–75 models. The 442 option was offered on Cutlass S coupes and was once again an appearance/handling package. Engine/transmission offerings were unchanged from 1975 except that the 260 V8 could be ordered with a five-speed manual transmission. This was also the final year for the 455 Rocket V8.
Kulick was a guest star along with Paul Stanley at Rock 'n Roll Fantasy Camp in New York City (Aug. 31-Sept. 3, 2003).
Carrauntoohil is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club, i.e. a three thousander footer "furth" or "outside of" Scotland, which is why it is sometimes referred to as one of the Irish Munros.
3rd Belorussian Front was formally disbanded on August 15, 1945.
The next additions to the subway were surface commuter lines that linked to the north and east of the city. Line 13, a half loop that links the northern suburbs, first opened on the western half from Huilongguan to Xizhimen on September 28, 2002 and the entire line became operational on January 28, 2003. Batong Line, built as an extension to Line 1 to Tongzhou district, was opened as a separate line on December 27, 2003. Work on these two lines had begun respectively in December 1999 and 2000. Ridership hit 607 million in 2004.
