
His first run for the House in 1922/1923 was challenged legally and became an ultimately successful test case on citizenship rights of Indians to vote and hold office. Paul was defeated in his third run for the seat, in 1928, partly because of accusations that he had received payments from the salmon canning industry that he had vilified repeatedly in print.
"Lean Juicy Pork" was a promotinal interview CD from Industrial supergroup Pigface, released in 1991, as a companion to "Welcome to Mexico... Asshole" It mainly featuring members of Pigface discussing what being in the band means to them. The album consists of interviews and a few remixes or "live" versions of songs.
<BR>
This award is conferrable on officers only, for acts of valour, courage or devotion to duty, performed on land, at sea or in the air in the face of the enemy.
Mulcair was born in 1954 at the Ottawa Civic Hospital, to a French-Canadian mother, Jeanne (née Hurtubise), and an Irish-Canadian father, Harry Donnelly Mulcair. He is the second-oldest of the couple's ten children, and grew up fluently bilingual. His maternal great-great-grandfather was the 9th Premier of Quebec, Honoré Mercier. Mulcair was raised in the Wrightville district of Hull (now Gatineau) and in Laval, just north of Montreal. He graduated from Laval Catholic High School, and in Social Sciences from CEGEP Vanier College.
<doc id="7429454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7429454" title="Christ's Resurrection Church, Kaunas">
The method was improved by Draine, Flatau, and Goodman who applied Fast Fourier Transform and conjugate gradient method to calculate convolution problem arising in the DDA methodology which allowed to calculate scattering by large targets. They distributed discrete dipole approximation open source code DDSCAT.
<doc id="7430989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7430989" title="Angriff">

He was born in Steno, Arcadia. He competed for a Greece in the 1904 Summer Olympics held in St. Louis, Missouri, in the discus throw where he won the Bronze medal. 



Yet another usage was described in the movie "Sucker List", a part of the 1941 United States series "Crime Does Not Pay". The subject of the movie is fraudulent racetrack touts, who, in particular, used to call people known to be in deep debt and give them false tips.
The first annual Izzy Award for "special achievement in independent media" was presented on March 31, 2009, to blogger Glenn Greenwald and "Democracy Now!" host and executive producer Amy Goodman. Roughly 800 people attended the award ceremony at Ithaca’s State Theatre – including I.F. "Izzy" Stone’s son Jeremy Stone.
In February 2009, SkyAirWorld grounded three of its Embraer aircraft and sacked 40 people out of its 140 workforce but the airline temporarily suspended its operations in 22 February 2009 after the airline cited that it would be restructuring its business. However in March 2009 the airline had all of its Embraer aircraft repossessed by GE Commercial Aviation Services (GECAS), an aircraft leasing arm of GE Capital, with the airline, which owes more than A$40 million to creditors, placed under voluntary administration.


In September 2008 Fantasy Flight Games and Days of Wonder announced that the game would be moving to Fantasy Flight Games, along with all remaining stock.
Johnston Green.
Description.
Roma & Returned to Parma.
History.

The game received mixed reviews from critics. It was considered faithful to the physical version, but reviewers commented that it was not accessible to players who weren't already fans of collectible card games. The handheld versions were criticized for presenting a visual format inappropriate for small screens.
Acceptance by other jurisdictions.
It was originally planned that the episode would air on 17 March 2007; however, the date was shifted back a week to 24 March, when it was realised that it would have gone up against the final of ITV1 series "Dancing on Ice". The episode was then shifted back another week, to 31 March, because of England's European Championship qualifier against Israel on 24 March. "Smith and Jones" and "The Shakespeare Code" were previewed to the press on 21 March. This created much hype in the press for the new series in the days leading up to broadcast. Two specially created trailers for the third series were shown on the BBC in the two weeks before broadcast. These trailers featured clips from the series, predominantly with clips of "Smith and Jones".
Since leaving the Tyrone manager's spot he has become heavenly involved in his local GAA club (Donaghmore St Patricks). He has guided the youth teams in Donahghmore to great success. In 2008 Eugene became manager of the Donaghmore senior team after the departure of Joe Faloon
<doc id="7441688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7441688" title="Simon Barnett">
SR 353 begins at an intersection with US 62, immediately north of US 68, in the unincorporated community of Redoak. The highway heads northeast, as a two-lane highway, passing through farmland. The road curves towards the east, after having an intersection with Township Road 227 (T–227). The route crosses over the West Fork of the Eagle Creek, before having an intersection with T–221 (West Fork Road). After T–221, SR 353 curves to the northeast, paralleling the creek. The highway makes a sharp turn towards the east, leaving the creek, and passing through woodland. The road has an intersection with SR 763, before meeting its eastern terminus at SR 125. This state highway runs entirely within the eastern part of Brown County. It is not included as a portion of the National Highway System.
As a cricket commentator he was articulate and often drily humorous. On a Saturday afternoon sport programme, Neil Durden-Smith once mentioned that he had been having tea with the Bishop of Leicester. On being cued in, Gibson began his commentary stint with: "No episcopal visitations here." His cricket writing for "The Times" was generally light-hearted, often concentrating more on his journey to the match (invariably by train, often changing at Didcot, rarely straightforward) than on the cricket itself. On at least one occasion his day's report was published even though rain had prevented any cricket from taking place.
<doc id="7443380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7443380" title="Carroll County Times">
Her performance in "Galactica" was noted by film producers, and she subsequently starred in "Two for the Money" (alongside Al Pacino) and "Dr. Dolittle 3". She was also cast for the recurring role of Stephanie Meyer on "Everwood". She had a recurring role as Priyah Magnus on the now cancelled TV series "Caprica" and recently appeared as Crazy Lee in the TV series "Falling Skies". She is currently playing the character of Anana on the SyFy series "Helix".
International career.

Early life.
Upon the awakening of Optimus Prime in Dreamwave's first Generation 1 mini-series, the Aerialbots were among the Autobots summoned by Optimus to rescue the remaining Autobots, who had been turned into mind-controlled weapons of mass destruction by a human arms dealer. During a subsequent battle with the Decepticons in San Francisco, the Aerialbots, merged into Superion, sacrificed themselves to stop an incoming nuclear missile, launched by rogue elements in the US military to eradicate both factions of Cybertronians in one fell swoop.
The articles of this journal have been quoted in discussions about race relations, Indian civilization and English literature.
Judge Green was the first recipient of the NAACP's William H. Hastie award in 1985. He was awarded the Spirit of Excellence award by the American Bar Association in 2002. The Philadelphia chapter of the Judicial Council of the National Bar Association is named in Judge Green's honor. He was a lifetime trustee of Temple University, and a former member of the Board of Trustees of Philadelphia State Hospital, and Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
<doc id="7447758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7447758" title="Robyn Cooper">
