
In the seventh century, a wave of Irish monasticism spread over Italy. The foundation in Bobbio of the Abbey of Saint Columbanus, and the foundation of Farfa by monks from Gaul, about 681, heralded a revival of the great Benedictine tradition in Italy. The "Constructio Monasterii Farfensis", which dates probably from 857, relates at length the story of its principal founder Thomas of Maurienne; he had made a pilgrimage to Jerusalem and spent three years there. While in prayer before the Holy Sepulchre, the Virgin Mary in a vision warned him to return to Italy, and restore Farfa; and the Duke of Spoleto, Faroald II, who had also had a vision, was commanded to aid in this work. At a very early date we find traces of this legend in connexion with the foundation by three nobles from Benevento of the monastery of St. Vincent on the Volturno, over which Farfa claimed jurisdiction. Thomas died in 720; and for more than a century Frankish abbots ruled at Farfa.
A'arab Zaraq
, there were 8 students in Gollion who came from another municipality, while 98 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

Limitations.
In 1931, Knister moved to Montreal, Quebec. There he became acquainted with the poets of the Montreal Group – with poet Leo Kennedy he began planning an anthology, similar to his "Canadian Short Stories", of Canadian modernist poetry (an idea that eventually resulted in the landmark "New Provinces" in 1936). He also got to know poet Dorothy Livesay and novelist Frederick Philip Grove.
Councillors 5 and 6 were elected without opposition.
New Orleans diaspora
On 29 November 2005, the FIRS assembly, meeting in Rome, he repeated the final vote on the admission of the Catalan Federation of Skating.


The following languages do not have a direct Google translation to or from English. These languages are translated through the indicated intermediate language (which in all cases is closely related to the desired language but more widely spoken) in addition to through English:
His parents were Christian Peter Georg Kampmann, a priest, and Johanne Marie Schmidt. He entered the architecture department of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in 1873 and graduated in 1882, receiving the school's prestigious small gold medal ("Lille guldmedalje") for the design of a "Swimming bath in the Italian Renaissance style".
Sir John and Sir Robert Knolles (or Knollys), paid for the building of the new, stone Rochester Bridge across the River Medway. This route had been essential for traffic between London and Dover (the port for France and hence continental Europe) since Roman times.
In the 1943 Battle of Changde, the Kuomintang's National Revolutionary Army attempted to stop the invading Japan Imperial troops from completing their invasion of Sichuan. Frustrated, the Japanese side employed chemical weapons to clear their way.
On 9 May 2010, a detachment from the 2nd Battalion, 18th Infantry Regiment represented the United States in Russia's Victory Day parade across Red Square. They were joined by British, French, and Polish troops as well as detachments from the CIS member states. Labeled by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev as the "Anti-Hitler Coalition," it marked the first time in history that American and NATO troops joined the Russian Military in the 9 May parade.
!align="right"|
