There are no longer any surviving records showing which German POWs and Disarmed Enemy Forces were in U.S. custody prior to roughly September 1945. The early standard operating procedure for handling POWs and Disarmed Enemy Forces was to send a copy of the POW form to the Central Registry of War Criminals and Security Suspects (CROWCASS). However, this practice was apparently stopped as impractical, and all copies of the POW forms, roughly eight million, were destroyed. By way of contrast, the Soviet archives contain dossiers for every German POW they held, averaging around 15 pages for each.
Brazil
The saros is not an integer number of days, but contains the fraction of ⅓ of a day. Thus each successive eclipse in a saros series occurs about 8 hours later in the day. In the case of an eclipse of the Sun, this means that the region of visibility will shift westward about 120°, or about one third of the way around the globe, and the two eclipses will thus not be visible from the same place on Earth. In the case of an eclipse of the Moon, the next eclipse might still be visible from the same location as long as the Moon is above the horizon. Given three saros eclipse intervals, the local time of day of an eclipse will be nearly the same. This three saros interval (19,755.96 days) is known as a triple saros or "exeligmos" ("Greek": "turn of the wheel") cycle.
The swallow is also notably cited in several of William Shakespeare's plays for the swiftness of its flight; for example: "True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings" from Act 5 of "Richard III", and "I have horse will follow where the game Makes way, and run like swallows o'er the plain." from the second act of "Titus Andronicus". Shakespeare also references the annual migration of the species poetically in "The Winter's Tale", Act 4: "Daffodils, That come before the swallow dares, and take The winds of March with beauty".
In order to increase the number of episodes that were available for syndication, the 60-minute episodes were reedited into a 30-minute time slot, with many segments severely cut, and others extended by inserting 'new' scenes of recycled, previously discarded, or stock footage to fill up the time. In their book "Rod Serling's Night Gallery: An After-Hours Tour", authors Scott Skelton and Jim Benson identify 39 of the 98 individual segments that were produced for "Night Gallery" as being "severely altered" in syndication. As well, 25 episodes of a short-lived (and otherwise unrelated) supernatural series from 1972, "The Sixth Sense", were also incorporated into the syndicated version of the series, with Serling providing newly filmed introductions to those episodes. As "The Sixth Sense" was originally a one-hour show, these episodes were all severely edited to fit into the half-hour timeslot.
The form of the PID controller most often encountered in industry, and the one most relevant to tuning algorithms is the "standard form". In this form the formula_3 gain is applied to the formula_41, and formula_42 terms, yielding:
Roswell technology.
Supporters of the name-change movement argue that the Republic of China no longer exists, as it did not include Taiwan when it was founded in 1912 and mainland China is now controlled by the Chinese Communist Party as the People's Republic of China. Furthermore, the ambiguity surrounding the legal status of Taiwan as a result of the Treaty of peace with Japan and Treaty of San Francisco after World War II, means that the Republic of China was merely a military occupier of Taiwan. As Japan relinquished its sovereignty over Taiwan without passing it to a specific country, it is argued that Taiwan ought to be deemed a land belonging to no country, whose international status has yet to be defined.
On March 3, 1972, at the Cow Palace in Daly City, California, after making a successful jump, he tried to come to a quick stop because of a short landing area. Knievel reportedly suffered a broken back and a concussion after getting thrown off and run over by his motorcycle, a Harley-Davidson. Knievel returned to jumping in November 1973, where he successfully jumped over 50 stacked cars at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. For 35 years, Knievel held the record for successfully jumping the most stacked cars on a Harley-Davidson XR-750 (the record was broken in October 2008). His historic XR-750 is now part of the collection of the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History. Made of steel, aluminum and fiberglass, the customized motorcycle weighs about 300 pounds.
The Mi-go can transport humans from Earth to Pluto (and beyond) and back again by removing the subject's brain and placing it into a "brain cylinder", which can be attached to external devices to allow it to see, hear, and speak.
From 1952 Mikoyan also designed missile systems to particularly suit his aircraft, such as the famous MiG-21. He continued to produce high performance fighters through the 1950s and 1960s.
During the English Civil War, Northamptonshire strongly supported the Parliamentarian cause, and the Royalist forces suffered a crushing defeat at the Battle of Naseby in 1645 in the north of the county. King Charles I was imprisoned at Holdenby House in 1647.
He wrote a number of travel books in this period that were not particularly well received. His best-known contributions to literature were those considered risqué or even pornographic at the time and which were published under the auspices of the Kama Shastra society. These books include "The Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana" (1883) (popularly known as the Kama Sutra), "The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night" (1885) (popularly known as The Arabian Nights), "The Perfumed Garden of the Shaykh Nefzawi" (1886) and "The Supplemental Nights to the Thousand Nights and a Night" (sixteen volumes 1886–98).
In accordance with the Broadcasting Act, a Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. The Board is made up of 12 members, including the Chair and the President and CEO. A current list of directors is available from the Canadian Governor in Council here.
While many kinds of therapies can be used, different subgroups respond better to certain treatments. Overall, "in vivo" therapy displays the greatest effectiveness despite its high dropout rates; there are some exceptions however. 
"Annie Hall" met with widespread critical acclaim upon its release. Tim Radford of "The Guardian" called the film "Allen's most closely focused and daring film to date". "The New York Times"' Vincent Canby preferred "Annie Hall" to Allen's second directorial effort, "Take the Money and Run", since the former is more "humane" while the latter is more a "cartoon". Several critics have compared the film favorably to Bergman's "Scenes from a Marriage" (1973), including Joseph McBride in "Variety", who found it Allen's "most three-dimensional film to date" with an ambition equal to Bergman's best even as the co-stars become the "contemporary equivalent of ... Tracy-Hepburn." More critically, Peter Cowie commented that the film "suffers from its profusion of cultural references and asides".
<doc id="66932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=66932" title="Gay village">
" = current Penguins player"
