Although rows of Price's houses have a standardised look, the extensive use of individual details in areas such as gables and windows mean that no two adjacent buildings look the same, although individual details were often repeated further down the road.

His candidacy was endorsed by "The Washington Post" and "The Virginian-Pilot". He was defeated by Republican candidate Ken Cuccinelli on November 3, 2009.
The character Koba was admired and used as a pseudonym by Joseph Stalin, who was born in Georgia. Koba's vengeful characteristics, embodiment of traditional Georgian knightly ideals, and his simplistic moral code of honesty and loyalty appealed to Stalin, legitimizing his illicit operations as he turned to revolutionary activity.

During World War II, Waco produced large numbers of military gliders for the RAF and US Army Air Forces for airborne operations, especially during the Normandy Invasion and Operation Market Garden. The Waco CG-4 was the most numerous of their glider designs to be produced. At the same time Waco produced over 600 of its UPF-7 open biplanes and 21 VKS-7F cabin biplanes for the Civilian Pilot Training Program, which supplemented the output of the military training establishments. 42 privately owned models of sixteen types were impressed into service as light transports and utility aircraft with the USAAF under the common designation C-72/UC-72.
Jonathan Bixby is a swing dance performer and instructor in Santa Barbara, California. Jonathan is a member of the California Swing Dance Hall of Fame, he is perhaps most famous for the role he and his original partner Sylvia Sykes played in reviving the now popular but once nearly extinct dance Balboa. Although he has retired from teaching classes with Sylvia, he remains available for private instruction.
Architecture and art.
This list of Colorado companies includes notable companies that are, or once were, headquartered in Colorado.
He befriended and helped Aimé Pallière (1868–1949), who has remained as the Noahide (B'nei Noah) par excellence.
Liane Bahler (22 January 1982, Gotha – 4 July 2007, Rudolstadt) was a German professional racing cyclist.
