Salvation on Sand Mountain is a 1995 non-fiction book by Dennis Covington. The storyline follows the author as he goes from covering the trial of Glenn Summerford to experiencing a snake handling church in Appalachia. The book was a finalist for the National Book Award.
<doc id="26110694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26110694" title="George Dockrell">

Establishment.
Awards and nominations.
Echigo-Shikawatari Station
While at the State University of New York at Buffalo, in the spring of 1984 she was elected student government president at age 19, sweeping all six offices with her slate of candidates. She went on to be the president of the Student Association of the State University of New York (SASU), one of its most effective presidents. She orchestrated the takeover of the SUNY business office which resulted in the SUNY trustees voting to divest the university system from entities doing business in South Africa.
<doc id="26117784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26117784" title="Kalu Singh Mahara">


Alessandro Orsini (sociologist)
Marat Vazykhovich Kabayev (, ) born in 1961, in Srednee Alkeevo, TASSR, USSR, to a Tatar family. He is a professional football coach and a former player. 
Congressional District 4.
<doc id="26123110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26123110" title="Andrew Dykes">
<doc id="26124033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26124033" title="Any Emcee">

'Lava' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus "Neoregelia" in the Bromeliad family.
Williams appeared before the Ontario Court of Justice in Belleville, Ontario via video link from the Quinte Detention Centre on July 22, 2010, where his next court appearance was set for August 26. Again via video link, Williams waived his right to a preliminary inquiry and thus had his next appearance scheduled at the Ontario Superior Court of Justice for October 7, 2010. Williams' lawyer stated then that his client would plead guilty to all charges filed against him.
Reception.
Biographical info.
The "fetiales", or fetial priests, formed a college whose main responsibilities pertained to Rome's international affairs. They made formal proclamations of peace and of war, and confirmed treaties. They also served as traveling diplomats or ambassadors. They were said to have been first created by the Aequian king Ferter Resius and introduced to Rome by Ancus Martius.
British Actress of the Year.
<doc id="26132253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26132253" title="Franco-Dutch treaty on Saint Martin border controls">

Happy is a parser generator written in Haskell. It produces haskell-code and optionally optimized code for Glasgow Haskell Compiler and its extensions. Happy is contained (along with Alex, a lexer-generator) in the Haskell Platform. It is available for Unix-like systems, such as Mac OS X, Linux and BSDish systems and Windows.
Condor-class gunvessel

Joško Kreković
Personal.
Debates.

5. Kevin Bonsor; Karim Nice: How NASCAR Safety Works. 23 February 2001. HowStuffWorks.com. Retrieved 28 January 2010.

Monte Groppo Rosso is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Piacenza. It lies at an altitude of 1593 metres.
Another serious effect created by the oil-related industries has been the pollution around the Houston Ship Channel and in Galveston Bay. By the 1970s, these waterways were among the most polluted waters in the United States. Though industrial sources were major sources of pollution, urbanization around the bay also contributed significantly to pollution levels. In recent decades, most of the pollution in the bay is the result of storm run-off from various smaller commercial, agricultural, and residential sources, as opposed to the major industrial complexes. Conservation efforts in the mid to late 20th century by area industries and municipalities have helped to dramatically improve water quality in the bay reversing at least some of the earlier damage to the ecosystem.
Early life.
Kaya was born in Roche-Bois in Port Louis on August 10, 1960, from a family of five children. His father fisherman not able to support his education, left him under the supervision of an uncle. Joseph did not have a very happy childhood. Being both mulatto and Indian, he is very young victim of racism and finds himself left on his own to find odd jobs at the age of 8 years.
It is the westernmost member of the golden whistler group, being bordered to the east by the black-chinned and yellow-throated whistlers, and to the south by the Australian golden whistler. Compared to other members of the golden whistler group, the rusty-breasted whistler is relatively small, and males have a white throat and a rust-tinged chest, except in the subspecies "teysmanni" from Selayar Islands where the plumage of the male is female-like.
On 13 May 1948, Ben-Gurion hosted the Minhelet ha'am ("People's Administration") body: Aharon Zisling, Yehuda Leib Maimon, and Moshe Sharett, where they formulated and drafted the final version of the Israeli Declaration of Independence ("Megilat HaAtzma'ut"). The next day, they went from this house to Dizengoff House, now known as "Independence Hall", and where the Tel Aviv Museum of Art was located at the time, where Ben-Gurion announced on the establishment of the State of Israel.

Venia Bechrakis
The eighth season had a cast of six main actors. Tom Kenny provided the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and his pet snail Gary. SpongeBob's best friend, a starfish named Patrick Star, was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke, while Rodger Bumpass played the voice of Squidward Tentacles, an arrogant and ill-tempered octopus. Other members of the cast were Carolyn Lawrence as Sandy Cheeks, a squirrel from Texas; Clancy Brown as Mr. Krabs, a miserly crab obsessed with money and SpongeBob's boss at the Krusty Krab; and Mr. Lawrence as Plankton, a small green copepod and Mr. Krabs' business rival. The season had a number of secondary characters including Jill Talley as Plankton's computer wife, Karen; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs. Puff, SpongeBob's driving instructor; Lori Alan as Pearl, Mr. Krabs' daughter; and Brian Doyle-Murray as the Flying Dutchman.

As depicted in Diagram A, the services belonging to two different departments, although belonging to the same organization, contain architectural incompatibilities as well as redundancy. An inter-department service composition is not possible until and unless there is some sort of transformation logic introduced in between these services. However, in Diagram B, the application of Enterprise Inventory pattern creates a standardized service inventory that is inherently interoperable.
The revision of Greece's 2009 budget deficit from a forecast of "6–8% of GDP" to 12.7% by the new Pasok Government in late 2009 (a number which, after reclassification of expenses under IMF/EU supervision was further raised to 15.4% in 2010) has been cited as one of the issues that ignited the Greek debt crisis.
He died December 12, 1899.
<doc id="26154240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26154240" title="William Pinckney Mason">
Career.
