Selected as the lead single from the film's soundtrack in 1996, "Someday" was recorded by all–male R&B group All-4-One for the North American release, while British R&B trio Eternal recorded their own version for the British English version of the song which received international release throughout Europe and Oceania. Mexican singer Luis Miguel recorded a Spanish version for the Latin American market, retitled "Sueña", which became a major hit. The Italian version was recorded by Neri per Caso, retitled "Quando". The youngest Celtic Woman member Chloë Agnew covered this song for her solo album called "Walking in the Air" and her first Celtic Woman album.
"Elops smithi" is distributed in the western South Atlantic Ocean from as far south as Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to the Caribbean Sea, Bahamas, and the southwestern Gulf of Mexico.
<doc id="37510205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37510205" title="Fishermen's Bend Aerodrome">
The DokiDoki Pretty Cures appeared in the "Pretty Cure All Stars" film, , which was released in Japanese theatres on March 16, 2013, with an official soundtrack released on March 13, 2013. A film based on the series, titled , was released on October 26, 2013 as well as the official soundtrack on October 23, 2013.
Ground difficulties meant that Stags had to leave the Alliance league and drop down to the Rugby League Conference in 1999.
"Vertigo pseudosubstriata" was first identified as a Pleistocene fossil in the Weichselian loess of Dolní Věstonice (Moravia, Czech Republic). Further Pleistocene evidence followed in Central Europe.
The album contains nine tracks ("Sinfonia da Requiem" and Symphony No. 4 are divided into separate tracks for each movement) and totals just over 78 minutes in length. Program notes for the recording were written by Steven Kruger. The album's cover art photo is credited to orchestra member Martha Warrington.
The $46.3 million, campus has room for up to 1,200 students. It has four academic wings, including a performing arts wing. The school features a media center, an athletic complex with a community health clinic, and eight science laboratories.
SIGWEB sponsors 6 Main conferences

Shalili-ye Kuchek
Twin Books may refer to:
Dec. 23 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - Dec. 25
