Some biographers note that his professional wrestling career began shortly after his wife was diagnosed with tuberculosis, and it is speculated by some that he began professional wrestling to pay for her medication. Indeed, the predicament was likely beyond the financial means of a police instructor, which was his paying job prior to professional wrestling.
The park is the birthplace of rhino reservation, breeding the species back from extinction (fewer than 20 rhinos worldwide in 1900 to more than 10,000 today). As the home of Operation Rhino in the 1950s and 60s, the Park became world-renowned for its white rhino conservation. The Rhino Capture Unit of the park helped save the endangered White Rhino from the brink of extinction. Today there are more than 1,600 white rhino in the reserve and hundreds of the animals have been moved to game reserves around the world. The success of this programme has recently been compromised by the increase in rhino poaching within the park. This recent threat has not only become a great concern for the park, but for rhino conservationists countrywide.
The affair became a major political scandal (referred to in Ukraine as the "Cassette Scandal" or "Tapegate"). Kuchma strongly denied Moroz's accusations and threatened a libel suit, blaming the tapes on foreign agents. He later acknowledged that his voice was indeed one of those on the tapes, but claimed that they had been selectively edited to distort his meaning.
As with all modern Canadian banknotes, all text is in both English and French.
Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari

The Champion award is a designation give to a horse, irrespective of age, whose performance during the racing year was deemed the most outstanding. The list below is a Champion's history compilation beginning with the year 1887 published by the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association's "The Blood-Horse" magazine (founded 1961), described by ESPN as "the Thoroughbred industry's most-respected trade publication".
API.
Immagine:K.afb-particolare2.jpg.estensione|didascalia
Service in the French navy.
