As flag state for the "Arctic Sunrise", the Netherlands asked for immediate release of the ship and shipmates to Dutch authorities. The Dutch government argues that since the ship was outside Russian territorial waters and outside the (500 meter) safety zone around the oil rig, it was in open sea, and hence outside Russian sovereign rights and jurisdiction. According to nautical law any actions against a ship in open sea can only be conducted after agreement with the flag state. Hence the Dutch take the position the capture of the "Arctic Sunrise" by Russia was not legal. After Russia did not release the ship the Netherlands filed a formal case to the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea 21. October to order Russia to release a Greenpeace ship and the activists who were on board. However, Russian government announced that it will not participate in the hearings, pointing out that back in 1997, when it ratified the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, it refused to acknowledge the settlement procedures, which result in mandatory decisions in disputes over sovereign rights and jurisdictions.
At some point, Store Skidenstræde became colloquially known as Krystalgade. The name ("Cristal Gade") is seen on Gedde's map of Copenhagen from 1757 where it is given as an alternative to Skidenstræde. The full length of the street was paved with cobblestones in 1818. House owners in the street then filed a formal request with Danish Chancellery that the official name of the street be changed to Krystalgade. They pointed out that the street now appeared as a "fine and real street" which provided an excellent connection between Church of Our Lady and Trinity Church, the two most important churches in Copenhagen at the time, and that it was therefore likely to be used for religious processions. They also pointed out that several residents in the street were involved in trade with Germany and the Netherlands and that phrases such as "Mijn Heer… in de Schietstraat tot Copenhagen" could leave their foreign business connections with the impression that they lived in a sewer. Danish Chancellery forwarded the letter to Copenhagen's magistrate who consulted city architect Jørgen Henrich Rawert on the matter. He replied somewhat reluctantly that a name change lacked adequate grounds. Similar requests from houseowners in other streets had previously been rejected. He further stated that although the house owners had offered to pay for the painting of new street signs, it would still lead to significant inconvenience and expenses to update other documents, such as mortgage and fire insurance protocols and existing insurance policies. In spite of his reservations, King Frederick VI approved the name change on 21 October 1818.
The category was introduced in 2010, at the 16th Star Awards ceremony; Zhao Wenbei received the award for her performance and it is given in honour of a MediaCorp presenter who has delivered an outstanding performance in a news programme. It was introduced as a result of the discontinuation of the Best News/Current Affairs Presenter award, in order to create the distinctions between news presenters and current affairs presenters. The nominees are determined by a team of judges employed by MediaCorp; winners are selected by a majority vote from the entire judging panel.
In 2013 he was felicitaed for being the most promising U-20 player by GFA when he was with Sesa FA.
In India, the Chevrolet Enjoy is perceived to compete mainly with the Maruti Suzuki Ertiga.
<doc id="40662081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40662081" title="Lilia Aguilar Gil">


