Jeff T. Thomas (sometimes credited as Jeff Thomas) is a British music video and television director. He directed over 100 music videos for artists such as Travis, Embrace, Zero 7, Ash, Funeral for a Friend, Paulo Nutini and Jet.
Deer Creek supported the last known population of the Maryland darter, the only endemic vertebrate in Maryland [http://www.dnr.state.md.us/wildlife/mddarter.asp]. The creek is commonly used for recreation in the summer months.
<doc id="9975955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9975955" title="Rough and Ready Volume 1">

Seay played wide receiver in football and center fielder in baseball at Compton, but transferred in 1981 to San Bernardino High School after his family decided to move. He would end up breaking many of the school's football offensive records, while helping lead the team to the playoff quarterfinals in his senior season.
World Childhood Foundation
As with many medieval composers, there is some confusion as to Alanus's identity. For the composer represented in the Old Hall Manuscript, who has sometimes been conflated with Johannes Alanus, see Aleyn. The composer of "Sub Arturo plebs", is identified as Jo.Alani and referring to J.Alani Minimus. He has been identified with Dominus Johannes Aleyn (or John Aleyn), who was a chaplain for the chapel of Edward III of England and later Canon of St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle from 1362 until his death in 1373. He received many other favors which indicate royal patronage, probably from Queen Philippa of Hainault.
Chrysalis
Kothavade RJ, Dhurat RS, Mishra SN, Kothavade UR. (2012) Clinical and laboratory aspects of the diagnosis and management of cutaneous and subcutaneous infections caused by rapidly growing mycobacteria.Eur J Clin Microbiol Infect Dis. 2012 Nov 9. ahead of print

<doc id="9981094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9981094" title="Minister for Infrastructure (Sweden)">
The festival was the site of a major stampede at the 2010 event, as well as having five rowers drown in 2008 and a single rower drown in 2009 during the boat races.
Godson is author of "Himself Alone: David Trimble and the Ordeal of Unionism" (Harper Collins, 2004) which was short listed for the Christopher Ewart-Biggs Memorial Prize. Andrew Marr called it "a great act of political reporting – instant history, if you like – about the drama of Northern Ireland's search for peace".
Amos Stoddard (October 26, 1762 – May 11, 1813) was a career United States Army officer who served in both the War of 1812, in which he was mortally wounded. He served as the first American commandant of Upper Louisiana after the Louisiana Purchase.

History.
