The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 5,550.
<doc id="13646026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13646026" title="Cynthia Layne">
Simple one-line statement:
Four Roads "Kiare Raaidyn".
The Irwell Sculpture Trail, the longest sculpture trail in Europe, passes through the park, although there are no sculptures in the park itself.
1 CEV Champions League games only.
Its history dates back to the aftermath of World War II, when Military District Silesia ("Okręg Wojskowy Śląsk") was formed in 1945.

Double layer (plasma)
Alfred Wilson is the name of:
Illustrative Example.
According to the "New Yorker" article, Preckwinkle had since become "disenchanted" with Obama. The article’s author suggested that Preckwinkle's "grievances" against Obama were motivated by Preckwinkle's perception that Obama was disloyal. Notwithstanding any such concerns, Preckwinkle was an Obama delegate at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
Early life.
Rick Strom may refer to:

The most notable member of the Clan of Kur was Mikołaj Kiczka, the Archdeacon of Gniezno and one of the most trusted procurators to the King Władysław Jagiełło. On behalf of the king, he negotiated with the Teutonic Knights to establish borders delineation with Poland in Rome 1421–1422 in presence of the Pope Martin V.
The choice to restore the ship to its original sloop condition was not universal. Jack Wilbur, a Noank boat builder and master mariner, believes the return to the sloop rigging was nonsensical because it went against the way the ship survived and lived from its early years, as a schooner. Wilbur states that the schooner rig preserved the Emma C. Berry longer than the entire lives of those who made the decision.
Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka
Two regiments of the British Army have been numbered the 71st Regiment of Foot:

He was sired by the British stallion Royal Charger, out of the French mare Source Sucree, whose sire, Admiral Drake, was third on the French sire list in 1949.
WECU (1570 AM,) is a radio station broadcasting a Talk format. Licensed to Winterville, North Carolina, USA, it serves the Greenville area. The station is currently owned by CTC Media Group and operated by New Lite Media.
The discovery in early 2013 of an undisturbed, imperial royal tomb, El Castillo de Huarmey, provides evidence of the material wealth and political power exercised by the Wari for centuries. The discovery of three royal women's bodies and their burial wealth plus the accompanying sixty bodies demonstrates a culture with the material wealth, political power, and administrative apparatus to provide extended veneration of the royal dead.
<doc id="13664720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13664720" title="Sir Christus">
Bakwana Kgosidintsi Kgari
<doc id="13666510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13666510" title="Henry Island">

Marco Invernizzi (born November 7th 1975) is an award-winning Italian bonsai artist and design consultant recognized internationally as a bonsai master. 

