Henry Clavering
In 1998, about 50 students and faculties from 12 universities from the United States and Japan met at a symposium held in Hawaii. It was the first "University Space Systems Symposium". Here, Bob Twiggs, professor emeritus at the Stanford University, proposed the initial idea of what later would become the nanosatellite projects. That idea was to launch a structure of the size of a soda can into space. Its volume should be around 350 milliliters and the mass, about 500 grams. This led to a project that began in 1999 called ARLISS, involving mostly American and Japanese Universities, carrying out the first launch on September, 11th of that year and continuing each year without interruption.The initial idea, still prevalent today, was to launch 3 satellites of 350 milliliters, or a satellite of greater volume. The means would be a rocket capable of moving 1.8 kilos and of ascending to 4000 meters, opening the door to low cost space flights -about $400.
<doc id="33411122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33411122" title="Twelve Hundred Times">
On November 16, 2011, protesters and city crews began packing up tents voluntarily as they expect the city will be granted a court injunction to remove the camp on the morning of November 17.
"Palace gardens"

The flood was recorded as reducing the revenues of the northern provinces by half, damage that had not been repaired before the even-larger 1048 flood at Shanghu again devastated the area.

John McMillian writes that "some of what's happening in the left-wing blogosphere can... be compared to the Sixties underground press," and Thorne Dreyer told the "Austin Chronicle's" Kevin Brass that "There are a lot of similarities in the two eras." Brass, indeed, sees "The Rag Blog" as "part of an effort to revive some of the rabble-rousing counterculture spirit of the Sixties." Yet, Kevin Brass writes, Dreyer and "The Rag Blog" are "working in a media landscape light-years removed from the offset printing presses of their youth. While the original Rag would be lucky to sell 15,000 copies on Austin street corners... on any given day, a "Rag" post might pingpong through the digital atmosphere, creating the type of traffic the kids of the Sixties couldn't imagine, not even with the right psychedelics."
