Tash (, also Romanized as Ţash and Tesh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 964, in 251 families. 
Shahrestan (, also Romanized as Shahrestān; also known as Khoshk-e Bījār, Shagrestan, Shahrestān-e Khoshgh Bijar, and Shahrestān-e Kohdam) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh-ye Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 874, in 279 families. 
Concerns.
 

Eritrea.
<doc id="41090296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41090296" title="Miguel Alonso Raya">
Sprinkle earned his BLA from Loyola Marymount University.
Iceland's first ambassador to Croatia was Jón Egill Egilsson in 2002. Iceland's current ambassador to Croatia is Gunnar Snorri Gunnarsson. Iceland does not have an embassy in Croatia.
Kasan (, also Romanized as Kāsān; also known as Kaskan) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 696, in 184 families. 
Between the world wars, the Norwegian torpedo boat fleet carried out exercises during the summers, but were severely restricted by a lack of funds. The boats that had been built around the start of the 20th century were outdated as warships, and mostly restricted to lying in port. Seventeen torpedo boats had been decommissioned in the years 1920–1931, after having been worn out by the intensive neutrality protection service in the preceding war years. Although 23 torpedo boats were retained, no modernizations were carried out, and the vessels were considered as being mostly useful as escorts and coastal guard vessels.
Roockbuilder basically acts as a Drag and drop platform for all roockbuilder plugins. Roockbuilder include various plugins such as :
Elysius terraoides is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Peru and Bolivia.

<doc id="41098265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41098265" title="Associação Brasileira de Preservação Ferroviária">
The Clay Cross by-election of 1936 was held on 5 November 1936. The by-election was held due to the death of the incumbent Labour MP, Alfred Holland. It was won by the Labour candidate George Ridley.
Route description.
Dynamics: Core vs Loops, Tails, and Mobile Domains.
The "Floridanos", or Spanish citizens of Florida, were allowed by the terms of the Treaty of Paris to sell their property to English subjects within a period of eighteen-months, but few buyers were found, leaving Spanish agents unable to dispose of St. Augustine properties. After the last of the emigrants had left, Juan José Elixio de la Puente, formerly chief official of the royal accountancy "(Oficial mayor de la Royal Contaduria)", returned to St. Augustine from Havana with an appointment to dispose of the remaining Spanish property.

Private Robert Fulton Dodd (December 31, 1844 to September 14, 1903) was a Canadian soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Dodd received the United States' highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for his action during the Battle of the Crater in Petersburg, Virginia on 30 July 1864. He was honored with the award on 27 July 1896.
The species has been found in Australia, the Loyalty Islands and New Zealand.
Walter Mondale accepted the Democratic nomination for presidency after pulling narrowly ahead of Senator Gary Hart of Colorado and Rev. Jesse Jackson of Illinois - his main contenders during what would be a very contentious Democratic primary. During the campaign, Mondale was vocal about reduction of government spending, and, in particular, was vocal against heightened military spending on the nuclear arms race against the Soviet Union, which was reaching its peak on both sides in the early 1980s.
Nickname.
Alf Huggett (born 24 October 1892) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Taujėnai Manor is a former residential manor in Taujėnai, Ukmergė district. Currently it is used as a hotel and restaurant.
Reinsurance.
Mitterer died on October 25, 2013, at the age of 66.
Jewish law also dictates that birds that interbreed can be considered members of the same species. This is one of the reasons why turkeys, which were unknown in the Middle East in ancient time, are considered kosher by many Jewish groups. Over the past decade, Chaim Loike has interviewed Jewish elders from far-flung communities, such as Afghanistan, to document their traditions regarding kosher bird species.

AV-200.
