As a humorous celebration of evolution, the annual Darwin Award is bestowed on individuals who "improve our gene pool by removing themselves from it."
Following his death on January 23, 1845, Hawley's remains were buried outside the north wall of the church; the grave was left undisturbed during expansions in 1883, which made the gravesite now within the church.
QPCS was featured in the media in 2004 as the school at which Robert Symons, who left his high paid job to give back to his community, taught as a newly qualified teacher. Robert Symons was murdered in his home in October 2004 defending his family from Yousef Bouhaddaou when Yousef attempted to rob his house.
For over two decades, Moulton has owned and operated Mouldy's Archery and Tackle in Lake Hallie. He founded Mouldy's Tackle Company, which manufactures the muskie lure, the Hawg Wobbler. Before opening his businesses, Moulton worked for 17 years in the administration at St. Joseph's Hospital in Chippewa Falls.
On December 4, 2009, Canada's National Energy Board (NEB) and the Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency (CEAA) issued the Joint Review Panel Agreement and the terms of reference for the environmental and regulatory review of the Northern Gateway Pipelines.
In May 2011, Siemens announced that it had won the $17.2 million contract to build the four streetcars that will run on the Downtown Connector line. According to Siemens, the first vehicle was expected to be delivered in September 2012.

Rated at each, the first five G 3/4s were given the traffic numbers 1 to 5. They were used initially to haul all traffic on the line, and that often led to problems, especially on the steeply graded section between Klosters and Davos. Traffic increases over the line soon outreached the capacity of the G 3/4s and led to the purchase of two G 2x2/2 Mallet 0-4-4-0T locomotives in 1891, allowing the G 3/4s to be transferred to less demanding duties.
Candidates.

There is a small chapel-shrine in the settlement, dedicated to the Virgin Mary. It was built in the late 19th century.
John Chambers had eight children; three of his sons, John Jr., Michael, and Patrick, opened a prosperous general store in St. Ignace in 1870 under the name "Chambers Brothers." The three pooled their money and invested heavily in local real estate, including the first dock built in the city. John Jr. died in 1891, but the other two Chambers continued a prosperous business, opening branch stores in other towns.
On the other hand, when the new release presents new functionalities or improvements that lead the software to behave in a different way, then the tests performed on the previous and new version can result in:
