
<doc id="29163210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29163210" title="Frederic Sellers">
The Huastec, also known as Huaxtec, Wastek and Huastecos, are a native group of Mexico, historically based in the states of Hidalgo, Veracruz, San Luis Potosí and Tamaulipas concentrated along the route of the Pánuco River and along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
Collins also represented Wiltshire in 2 List A matches. His first came against the Northamptonshire Cricket Board and his second came against Herefordshire, both in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In his 2 matches, he scored 44 runs at a batting average of 44.00, with a high score of 24*. His inflated average was down to his one not out innings. In the field he took 2 catches. With the ball he took 4 wickets at a bowling average of 17.25, with best figures of 3/30.
The cove is named after the settlement of Breste in Northern Bulgaria.

The first two races were similar, with "Stars & Stipes" going out to an early lead in the opening beat to the first windward mark, and then holding that lead throughout the remainder of the race, holding ground on the downwind legs and extending it on the beats. The third race started out much as the previous two, with both boats taking a long tack out to the left hand side of the course in what Dennis Conner termed a "speed test". "Stars & Stripes 87" reached the mark first, rounding the first windward mark 26 seconds ahead. Shortly thereafter a snap shackle failed causing the spinnaker to drop into the sea. The Kiwis closed the gap, gibing back and forth across Conner's stern until they achieved what they were looking for, an inside overlap on the bottom mark. Having gained right of way the Kiwis were able to slide ahead on the turn at the mark. Once there the Kiwis proved a very difficult boat to get past. On the second beat to windward they covered every move of the blue hulled boat, keeping Conner at bay with a tight cover. The two reaching legs did not allow room to get around a competitor, which brought the boats to the third beat to windward. This was one for the record books. Conner threw 55 tacks along with two false tacks in an effort to break away. The New Zealanders covered each move in one of the most exhausting and tense beats to windward in America's Cup history. The result was a win for the Kiwis, and a match series now close with Stars & Stripes up by a race, 2-1.
<doc id="29170006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29170006" title="Sint Maarten status referendum, 2000">
Scheduling.
