
In the card game bridge, a forcing pass is an agreement or understanding that a pass call obliges the partner to bid, double, or redouble over an intermediate opposing pass, i.e. partner must "keep the bidding open".
But the Dolphins didn't give up. After Miami's next drive resulted in an incompletion, two sacks, and a fumble (which Miami recovered), coach Don Shula replaced Woodley with Don Strock early in the second quarter to see whether he could spark the Dolphins offense, and that's precisely what he did, completing a 17-yard pass to Duriel Harris on his first play and leading them down the field to score their first points of the game on a 34-yard field goal by Uwe von Schamann. This seemed to fire up the Dolphins defense, which forced and recovered a fumble by Fouts on the ensuing drive, giving the ball back to the offense with great field position on the Chargers 39-yard line. Several plays later, Strock converted the turnover into points with a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Joe Rose, cutting the deficit to 24–10. Later in the quarter, San Diego faced a fourth down on the Dolphins 37-yard line. The Chargers decided to send in Benirschke to attempt a 55-yard field goal, but he missed, giving the ball back to the Dolphins near midfield. Three plays later, Miami moved the ball to San Diego's 40-yard line with only six seconds left in the quarter and attempted one last play to score before halftime. In a play known as the "hook and lateral", Strock took the snap and threw a pass intended for Duriel Harris at the 20-yard line. Harris caught the ball and immediately lateraled it to Tony Nathan, who then took it 25 yards to the end zone, cutting the deficit to 24–17 at halftime.
Team.
4 consecutive gold medals at World Curling Championships — Canada
From 1985 to her death in 2003, she restarted teaching Oriental Dance, using her own system and creative technique: the Nelly Mazloum Oriental Dance Technique, which includes her own signature style, called ["Hawanem"] the dance of high nobility. Mazloum also developed her own system of working out called ‘Vivicorporeal Psychosomatic Alignment Technique’ in support of Oriental Dance; she also started giving a series of seminars throughout Europe, where she was the first to introduce Oriental Dance Technique, Vivicorporeal and Pharaonic Dances. 
Zion-Benton Township High School, or ZBTHS, is a public four-year high school located at the corner of Kenosha Road and 21st Street in Zion, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is part of Zion-Benton Township High School District 126. The school mascot/symbol is the Fighting Zee-Bee which was adapted from the Navy SeaBee's of WWII. In 2008 the district opened a partner school at the former ZBTHS Pierce campus called New Tech High at Zion-Benton East, a 4-year high school associated with the New Tech Network of Napa, California. New Tech is located at the division of Bethesda Avenue and 23rd Street in Zion.

1st Round
Melody Johnson (born December 15, 1978) is a former American women's basketball player who attended University of Colorado and Arizona State University. She entered the 2002 WNBA Draft, and was selected by the Portland Fire. She retired from professional basketball following her rookie season in 2002. Throughout her collegiate career, she scored 1,334 points and grabbed 645 rebounds.
Scottish Premier Division.

<doc id="5767927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5767927" title="Ashur Yousif">
See also.

"Loving You Tonight" is the fourth single released from Squeeze's tenth album, "Some Fantastic Place". Lead vocals on the song are by Paul Carrack. The only other time Carrack sang lead on a Squeeze track was in 1981, on the better-known "Tempted."
Howard Stern once applied for a part-time job at WBLM. His application was rejected and he did not get the job.
Medan-Kuala Namu-Tebing Tinggi Toll Road.
Richard Polt

Hans Wouda (born 7 April 1941 in Amsterdam, Noord-Holland) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands, who competed in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics for his native country. In both games he finished in seventh position with the Dutch Men's Water Polo Team.

<doc id="5773650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5773650" title="Hezbollah Al-Hejaz">
"Fraser" was selected by the Canadian Forces for the Destroyer Life Extension (DELEX) project and completed this refit on 28 May 1982. The destroyer was decommissioned from active service in the Forces on 5 October 1994 and placed in category C reserve.
The destruction of Pawnee.
Events.

