The Sherbrooke Jets were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, based in Sherbrooke, Quebec. They were a farm team of the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets. The team played for the 1982–83 AHL season coached by Rick Bowness and the 1983–84 AHL season coached by Ron Racette.

Portuguesa (loan).
This is a list of Cambodia's 171 districts (srŏk) and 14 sections (khan), organized by province or municipality. Each district has a code in parentheses displaying the first two digits as the province and the last two as the district representing that province.
<doc id="8420608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420608" title="Chris Cole (American football)">
TDH
<doc id="8421956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8421956" title="Chris Smith (footballer, born 1986)">
History.
First releases.
Voters passed a levy in 2002 to construct a new high school next to the original school, converting the old high school into a middle school.
Education.
Walter Achiu
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 22, 1988 and was documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in 1997.
Naval Service.

By the 1930s conditions had drastically deteriorated. Residents were confined to the station and many of their relatives were forced away. Decent rations and supplies were lacking and residents were forced to share blankets and live in rag huts. Tuberculosis and whooping cough dramatically affected the elderly and young.
Around 1902 Dorothy Levitt spent six months apprenticed to a French automobile maker in Paris, where she learned all aspects of building and driving cars. On her return to London she began teaching women how to drive. Her pupils included Queen Alexandra, the Royal Princesses (Louise, Victoria and Maud), down through Duchesses, Countesses and 'plain Americans'.
The park is operated and maintained by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
Since 1997, focus has been set on staging international performances. The theatre houses diverse events, spanning from club-scene entertainment, concerts, theatre and readings to children's philosophy.
In 2011, Congress passed a bill that barred the USDA from changing its nutritional guidelines for school lunches. The proposed changes would have limited the amount of potatoes allowed in lunches, required more green vegetables, and declared a half-cup of tomato paste to count as a serving of vegetables, rather than the current standard of 2 tablespoons. The blocking of these proposed higher standards meant that the smaller amount of tomato paste in pizza could continue to be counted as a vegetable in school lunches. The move resulted in widespread mockery, with headlines saying Congress had declared pizza to be a vegetable. The blocking legislation was criticized heavily, since the change had also been lobbied for by food companies such as ConAgra, and the block was a substantial blow to efforts to make school lunches healthier.
Starting in 1966, Professor Twitchett and historian John K. Fairbank (who taught at Harvard) began plans for the first comprehensive history of China to be published in the English language. Originally expected to be a six volume set of books, the series expanded as time passed and eventually grew to the currently planned 15 volumes. While he was at Princeton, Twitchett worked closely with fellow Sinologist Frederick W. Mote (who had a related wartime experience). 
Prior to the invasion of Batu Khan.
The Bruce Mines changed ownership several times between 1847 and 1944, when they were decommissioned. Flooding and cave-ins in 1876 ended the 30-year period of active mining history. In the 1870s, agriculture and logging prospered in the wake of uncertainty with the mines. The Township of Plummer Additional was incorporated in 1891 while Northern Ontario's first town, the Town of Bruce Mines was officially incorporated in 1903 when it separated from the Township of Plummer Additional. Several attempts to re-open the mines in the early 1900s saw only limited success by Mond Nickel, who shipped the quartz-copper flux ore to Sudbury. Mond Nickel shut down the Bruce Mines in 1921. The mines were decommissioned in 1944 and forestry activities have declined, but agriculture, aggregate extraction and tourism continue as the main economic activities in the area. 
The relation of phase to frequency is often used in the other direction, starting with the desired formula_43 and writing the chirp phase via the integration of frequency:
Production.
A new Physical and Recreational Training Centre at Colchester Garrison was named the Corporal Budd VC Gymnasium on its opening on 4 July 2008.

The district is known as the reed country, on account of the reeds that grew in the surrounding marshland. In recent centuries the Rhine has been channelled which along with agriculturally driven drainage projects has made the land less marshy and more cultivable. The water table, though lower than in Roman times, remains unusually close to the surface, however.
Three of the tracks have contributions from members of the Grateful Dead.

Sectorul Ciocana is one of the five sectors in Chişinău, the capital of Moldova. The local administration is managed by a pretor appointed by the city administration. It governs over a portion of the city of Chişinău itself (the eastern part), the town of Vadul lui Vodă, and the communes of Bubuieci, Budeşti, Coloniţa, Cruzeşti, and Tohatin. It is largely populated by Romanians (Moldovans).
<doc id="8439097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8439097" title="Oakley, Cincinnati">
Bubbling Brown Sugar is a musical revue written by Loften Mitchell based on a concept by Rosetta LeNoire and featuring the music of numerous African-American artists who were popular during the Harlem Renaissance, 1920–1940, including Duke Ellington, Eubie Blake, Count Basie, Cab Calloway and Fats Waller. Original music, including the title theme song "Bubbling Brown Sugar" was composed by pianist Emme Kemp, a protégé of the legendary Eubie Blake. It was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Musical and the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.
<doc id="8440244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8440244" title="Piaf (play)">
In 1935, Central High School was renamed after longtime principal R.L. Paschal, who retired that year after 29 years of service. R.L. Paschal High School still exists in the Fort Worth Independent School District, but it relocated in 1955 to the corner of Berry Street and Forest Park Boulevard, near Texas Christian University.
In the early 2000s, they started recording their own songs and released the album Hikayeler Anlatıldı ("Stories are Told") in 2004, which was later released as a double album containing acoustic versions of the album's songs. Some of the singles featured in this album include "Karışmasın Kimseler" ("Don't Let Anyone Stand Between Us") and "Elalem" ("Everybody").
Alliances or agreements between drug cartels have been shown to be fragile, tense and temporary.
Sýslumaður
Grotesque.
<doc id="8444677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8444677" title="Avtandil Jorbenadze">
Radio Wesleyan, a unit under the Office of the University President, was formally inaugurated on July 1, 2005, coinciding with the commemoration of the 59th founding anniversary of Wesleyan University-Philippines and the installation of Atty. Maglaya as the University's fourth president.
<doc id="8446744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8446744" title="Aussie Chomps">
<doc id="8447708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8447708" title="Peter Katholos">


and normalcy restored using negotiation and
Population.
