In October 2010, 70% of Mang Inasal was acquired by Jollibee Foods Corporation, the largest food chain company in the country, for P3 billion ($68.8 million). As of March 2014, the chain has grown to about 460 stores.
Meanwhile, the Greek army evacuated from the region, and, on 1 March, Korytsa (Korçë) was ceded to the newly formed Albanian gendarmerie. Serious disturbances broke out in a number of places between the Autonomist forces and Albanian gendarmerie units and irregulars. Meanwhile, an International Commission formed by the Great Powers to secure stability and peace in the region was unable to achieve an agreement between the two sides.
Kohlmann, quoting cageprisoners.com reported that "“he was held in Haer prison, near Riyadh, for a year before being transferred to a regional prison, so that he could be closer to his family.”"
For the next quarter of a century, Lange-Müller produced a huge quantity of music, comprising some seventy-seven opus numbers. And, for several years, he conducted the Concert Society he helped to establish. However, he suffered from severe migraines (later linked to chronic eye disease), which made working at length very difficult for him. Therefore, what he could compose quickly tends to display the best of his compositional skill. Accordingly, his songs for unaccompanied voice and small chamber pieces are his most popular works. They also comprise the bulk of his musical output. Of his larger works, he completed two symphonies, a violin concerto, and an orchestral suite (In the Alhambra) which are still widely performed today. In 1892, he married Ruth Block, with whom he had three children.
List of prions
The Thaze Kavu is a sacred grove which harbors several rare plants species typical of the Myristica swamps, notably "Syzygium travancoricum", an endangered endemic plant. Much of the flora of the sacred grove has been lost due to poor regeneration and the disturbance from cattle and human activity in this thickly populated area. 
<doc id="21545370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21545370" title="AFI Catalog of Feature Films">
10 White: Boku ni Aitai (僕に会いたい)
Represented artists include Kim Adams, David Askevold, Greg Curnoe, Gerald Ferguson, Doris McCarthy and Lawrence Weiner.

