Luna Amară
There are two main festivals in the summer time:
Rabbit Hole is a play written by David Lindsay-Abaire. It was the recipient of the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play was originally commissioned by South Coast Repertory and first presented at its Pacific Playwrights Festival reading series in 2005. It received its first full production in New York in 2006, and it has also been produced by regional theatres in cities such as Los Angeles, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. The play had its Spanish language premiere in San Juan, Puerto Rico in Autumn of 2010.
Watershed.

Death.
Marriage and children.
Slovakia tried again in 2010 contest with "Horehronie" by Kristina with similar result (16th out of 17 places in the Semi Final), despite being the fan and Bookmakers favourite.
The Wonotobo Falls, Frederik Willem IV (Anora) Falls, and the King George VI Falls are on the Courantyne River. Other falls include the Barrington Brown Falls, the Drios Falls and the Maopityan Falls.
The band achieved their greatest critical and commercial success in the mid-nineties when they signed with the influential indie rock label Matador Records. It was during this time that Thinking Fellers produced their most prominent albums, "Lovelyville", and the critically lauded college radio hit "Strangers from the Universe". They toured the Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland and the U.K. in 1994 and made an appearance on the John Peel radio show on the BBC. In 1996 they toured briefly as an opening act for the then-popular band Live but were not received well by the Live fanbase. Thinking Fellers has been largely dormant since 1996, having toured sporadically and released only one full album, "Bob Dinners and Larry Noodles Present Tubby Turdner's Celebrity Avalanche", since.

In 2006, Reuters sold its 50 percent share of Factiva to Dow Jones. Factiva was integrated into the Enterprise Media Group within Dow Jones.
The vast craton in the north and west contains a number of quite rugged mountain ranges, of which the highest are the MacDonnell and Musgrave Ranges on the southern border of the Northern Territory. These rise to over , but the most spectacular features are the deep gorges of rivers such as the Finke. Most of the craton, however, is distinctly flat and generally low-lying with an average elevation of around , whilst in the Lake Eyre Basin most of the land is not far above sea level.
The Bibliotheca Bodmeriana (Bodmer Library) and Campagne Diodati are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
