At ESA's Ministerial Council in November 2012, no further funding was allotted for the Lunar Lander project. Germany, being the main contributor, was unable to find sufficient financial support for the program by other member states. The German delegation at the council was led by Peter Hintze, who stated that Germany was willing to contribute 45% of the mission's total cost but was unable to secure financial backing for the remaining 55% by other member states.
The first Space Mouse was a comic book character published from 1953 to around 1956 by Avon Publications. ""Space Mouse"" was also the name of a 1959 Universal Studios cartoon featuring two mice and a cat named Hickory, Dickory, and Doc. A second Space Mouse character was published by Dell Comics (and later by Gold Key Comics) from 1960 to around 1965. The Dell Comics version was also featured in a 1960 cartoon produced by Walter Lantz, entitled ""The Secret Weapon.""
She departed Manila on 20 May 1909 for San Francisco where she was converted to a torpedo boat tender. She was placed out of service on 15 October and recommissioned the same day. During the following years she served as parent ship for the Pacific Torpedo Fleet operating off the West Coast of the United States.
The Flyers–Rangers rivalry (also commonly referred to as Broadway versus Broad Street) is one of the most storied and well known rivalries in the National Hockey League. The New York Rangers and the Philadelphia Flyers have met ten times in the Stanley Cup Playoffs, with the Flyers winning six of the series, and they have been division rivals since the season. The ferocity of the rivalry can also be attributed to the geographic New York-Philadelphia rivalry, which is mirrored in the National Football League's Eagles–Giants rivalry and the Major League Baseball's Mets–Phillies rivalry.
The Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation's Division of Spill Prevention and Response (SPAR) works on the prevention, preparedness and response of oil spills within Alaska, including Arctic areas of the state. This team also assists in the conservation of arctic flora and fauna, protection of marine life, and sustainable development through the monitoring of oil.
Caroline test
Side projects.
"Star Trek".
PERN2 interlinks more than 100 public and private sector academic and research institutes of the country over an IP based infrastructure through metro fiber ring (Gigabit Ethernet) in the cities where facilities are available. The remaining universities/institutes are interlinked via leased dark fiber or legacy TDM communication system.


