Many of Brown Badmaash's pieces, particularly those used for competitions, also incorporate a theme or plot that is conveyed through song and dance. The thematic element has long been an important part of South Asian fusion dance ‒ other teams in the past have used themes like "The Four Seasons" or the "Earth, Air, Fire, & Water," choosing songs, props, and dance moves to match their respective themes. Alternatively, fusion teams can attempt to retell a story through their choice of songs and dance moves ‒ in 2007, for example, one of Brown Badmaash's pieces used various Bollywood songs to loosely tell the story of a boy and girl falling in love.

Club career.

In reference to the University of St Andrews:
Early career.
Geography.
<doc id="12719703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12719703" title="Victoria Harbour (British Columbia)">
David M. "Dave" Olin (born 1947) is a Minnesota politician and a former Democratic Farmer Labor Party member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 1A, which includes all of Kittson and Roseau counties, as well as portions of Marshall and Pennington counties in the northwestern part of the state. First elected in 2006, he was re-elected in 2008, but was unseated by Republican Dan Fabian in the 2010 general election.
Transportation.
Prabhat Kalavidaru was created in 1930 by a group of four brothers Gopinath Dasa, Karigiri Dasa, Jaisimha Dasa, and Dwarakanath who hailed from a traditional Brahmin family and were Harikatha exponents. The group was named "Gururaja Orchestra and Nataka Mandali" and was based in Tumkur. Later, financial trouble and the quest for a larger audience brought the family to Bangalore. Gopinath Dasa, regarded as the "de facto" leader of the group, incorporated new technologies in the performances and this helped draw large audiences. Rather than just being narrative, the plays incorporated themes from dances and folk traditions which was different than what was offered by the traditional drama troupes and this is considered an important reason for their success. The group was renamed "Prabhat Kalavidaru" in the year 1942. One of the first troupes to present Indian classical dance forms in the form of ballet, historians opine that the emergence of Prabhat Kalavidaru also heralded a cultural renaissance in the state of Karnataka. Some of the well-known artists of Kannada cinema like C. R. Simha, Srinath, Manjula and Lokesh started their careers with Prabhat Kalavidaru. Initially, many of the artists and technicians involved in the performances belonged to the founding family and at one point there were as many as 60 members of the family, spanning four generations who were actively involved. Now many people from outside the family are also involved in the affairs of the troupe.
Her lyrical technique and intense dramatic powers were developed through the wide range of roles which she created with him including the Girl in "Invitation" (1960), the Fiancée in "Baiser de la fée" (1960) and Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet" (1965, though Fonteyn danced the role at the ballet's premiere).
Child sponsorships is Kindernothilfe's most important aid form which can accompany children until they become responsible for themselves.
<doc id="12724299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12724299" title="List of Sigma Phi Delta chapters">
In 1678 Oates swore in his deposition before Sir Edmund Berry Godfrey that he had seen ‘Lord Petre receive a commission as lieutenant-general of the Popish Army destined for the invasion of England from the hands of Joannes Paulus de Oliva, the General of the Jesuits’. The country was in ferment at once, and the wildest excitement prevailed.
Committees and Clubs.

The Ocoee High School's mascot is a Knight wearing a gold tunic that bears the image of a rising cardinal. A cardinal was the mascot of the old Ocoee High School which was converted into a middle school in 1975. The knight symbolizes a protector that guards against forces that would cause the school to become dismantled and fold like its predecessor.
