
The LaGG-1 was designed in 1938 as a light-weight aircraft designed around the Klimov M-105 engine and built out of laminated wood to save on strategic materials. The first prototype flew on March 30, 1940, and once some initial difficulties had been worked out of the design, proved to be promising, if somewhat short of what its designers had hoped for. By this stage, however, the need to modernise the Soviet Air Force had been made plain by recent losses in the Winter War with Finland, and the aircraft, initially designated I-22 was ordered into production.
Philip Grosser
Seven of these stories originally appeared in the "London Magazine" (1923–1924) and five in "Hutchinson's Magazine" (1924–1925).
Bill is longish, narrow and dark. The beak is greenish blue. Tip of the beak is ivory to pale yellow. Fleshy covering on the beak (cere) is small.
The Polynesian ground dove is also known as the Tuamotu ground dove, the white-collared ground dove, the white-breasted ground dove, the Society ground dove, the Society Islands ground dove, and the Tuamotu Islands ground dove.

During "Mass Effect 2", Jacob has become a full member of Cerberus and is Miranda's lieutenant. He joined Cerberus after seeing the Alliance sweep his exploits during "Galaxy" under the rug. Taylor is highly respectful of Shepard due to their shared background in the military. Thirteen years before, he had cut ties with his father, who was the XO (Executive Officer) of a lost spaceship, the "Hugo Gernsback". Taylor joins Shepard early on in the game on the Cerberus space station where Shepard first awakens after his/her revival.
The scaly-breasted kingfisher is endemic to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. There are two subspecies all found in moist montane forests, "A. p. princeps" from the northeast of the island and
<doc id="12431903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12431903" title="Mountain kingfisher">
The College of Business is home to the Madison Investment Fund, a student managed investment fund. The top Value Equity Fund at the RISE Symposium in 2004, the Madison Investment Fund actively manages a portion of the university's endowment. Other affiliated organizations include Alpha Kappa Psi, Delta Sigma Pi, Beta Alpha Psi, Madison Marketing Association, Net Impact, Pi Sigma Epsilon, and Students in Free Enterprise.
Gustav Anton von Wietersheim (11 February 1884 – 25 April 1974) was an officer in the German Army from 1902 to 1942, and a General in the Wehrmacht Heer during World War II. He led the XIV Motorized Corps (after June 21, 1942, XIV Panzer Corps) from its creation on April 1, 1938 until September 14, 1942 during the Battle of Stalingrad.
Gymnocrex is a genus of bird in the rail family, Rallidae. 
In Texas, Interstate 35 runs for just over 407 miles (655 km), which does not include either the 85-mile (137-km) segment of Interstate 35W or the 97-mile (156-km) segment of Interstate 35E. Texas contains more miles of the overall length of Interstate 35 than any other state, almost one-third of the entire length.

The violet-tailed sunbird ("Anthreptes aurantium") is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found near water in forest, scrub and mangrove in the Central African countries of Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Gabon. It is part of the violet-backed sunbird superspecies.
Arremonops
<doc id="12436642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12436642" title="Babax">
When Michael avoids punishment for raping Bianca and she relays to Maggie that she is pregnant with Michael's child, Maggie buys a gun and secretly plans to kill him. Bianca decides that she will keep the baby. Fearing that her mother, Erica Kane (Susan Lucci), will resent her baby due to having been raped before as well, Bianca decides that she is going to leave town to give birth to the child and inform everyone on her return that she adopted. Erica finds out about her pregnancy, however, and encourages her to have an abortion for her own sake. Bianca says that she will, but secretly changes her mind. During this time, Kendall finds out, and she and Bianca grow close. The two forge a deep bond.
Overview.
<doc id="12438614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12438614" title="Polly Cuninghame">
Continuous values.
White-striped warbler
Brown I:A10 - Symphony in A major, I. Allegro, II. Andante, III. Menuet
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Stoddart's performances did not go unnoticed by the Welsh regional sides, and he eventually signed a professional contract with the Llanelli Scarlets in 2006. Throughout the 2006–07 season, Stoddart played as understudy to Wales international Barry Davies, playing most of his matches for Llanelli RFC, but he eventually made his breakthrough to the regional side in the latter half of the season, making nine appearances, including two in the Heineken Cup.
An Act to prohibit organizations using or engaging in tribal, regional,

Similarly, for his contribution to research on asthma in the workplace, Dr Jack Pepys is considered as the Father of Occupational Asthma. His work on the role of Aspergillus species in pulmonary diseases as also on the cause of farmer’s lung have heavily influenced the emergence of OA as an occupational disease. And, thanks to his work on Specific Inhalation Challenge, the compensatible aspect of the disease was recognized.

References.
Casqued oropendola
Jimmy Finn
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Farm system.
In fish.
Pemberton-Billing P.B.25
Emily Kunstler
Milton Keynes Dons.
The Valea Sprânii River is a tributary of the Valea Largă in Romania.

Dimitris Voyatzis
"Patient X" premiered in the United States on the Fox network on March 1, 1998. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 12.6, with a 19 share, meaning that roughly 12.6 percent of all television-equipped households, and 19 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 20.21 million viewers. Veronica Cartwright was nominated in the category "Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series" in the 1998 Emmy Awards for her performance in this episode and its follow-up, "The Red and the Black". The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
Jamaican euphonia


With his parents, Warren was a regular churchgoer, and attended the Missionary Baptist assembly—which split from the Southern Baptists over support for slavery. He also attended meetings of a gay student group at nearby Fairmont State College.
Some examples of intentional living include cohousing, ethical living, frugal living, moral community, simple living, sustainable living as well as many religious lifestyles.

The company was reorganized as the Macon Motor Car Company in January 1917.
<doc id="12456181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12456181" title="Ochre-fronted antpitta">
special considerations in implementing computational algorithms.
The pale crag martin's flight is slow, with rapid wing beats interspersed with flat-winged glides, and it is more acrobatic than the larger Eurasian crag martin. It is a quiet bird; the song is a muffled twitter, and other calls include a "trrt" resembling the call of the common house martin, a nasal "vick", and a high pitched "twee" contact call.
The Lightning Saga
