Shue was born in Wilmington, Delaware. Her mother, Anne Brewster (née Wells), was vice president of the private banking division of the Chemical Banking Corporation. Her father, James Wilson Shue, a one-time congressional candidate, lawyer and real estate developer, was the president of the International Food and Beverage Corporation. Shue grew up in South Orange, New Jersey. Her parents divorced when she was nine. Shue's mother was a descendant of Pilgrim leader William Brewster, while her father's family emigrated from Germany to Pennsylvania in the early 19th century. Shue was raised with her three brothers and was very close to her siblings. Her younger brother, Andrew, is also an actor, best known for his role as Billy Campbell in the Fox series "Melrose Place". Shue graduated from Columbia High School, in Maplewood, New Jersey, where she and Andrew were inducted into the school's Hall of Fame in 1994.
In 1999, the company announced the first Fast Ethernet PCMCIA Card for notebook PCs. In 2000, it introduced the first 8-port router with SNMP and QoS, and in 2001 it shipped its millionth cable/DSL router. By 2003, when the company was acquired by Cisco, it had 305 employees and revenues of more than $500 million. That was also the sum paid by Cisco for the company.
The Garry Oak Ecosystems Recovery Team (GOERT), a partnership of a number of governmental and non-governmental agencies that comprise 22 individuals, was established in 1999 after the delegates of the First International Garry Oak Ecosystem Symposium met in Victoria and declared the ecosystem endangered. Since then, GOERT has been working to motivate public and private restoration of the rare ecosystem and promote conservation activities. [http://www.canadiangeographic.ca/magazine/so06/indepth/nature.asp]
Diagonal or mixed-flow compressors.
The main focus of the comic storyline is the title character and hero, Sonic the Hedgehog. Sonic is endowed with super speed and a love of freedom, which puts him at odds with the antagonist, Dr. Robotnik. Sonic is depicted as having important ties with his family and friends, and a deep sense of duty. He holds a personal grudge against the Doctor and understands his ability to protect the world from this menace.
WSTR broadcasts in HD Radio. 94.1 HD-2 currently carries a simulcast of WQXI (AM), while 94.1 HD-3 currently carries a mainstream urban format as "Streetz 94.5". It formerly carried a simulcast of WQXI's sports talk format on their HD-3 channel. WSTR HD-3 is given in the hourly station ID of W233BF FM 94.5, licensed to serve the eastern exurb of Social Circle. Although that station is licenseing as a "broadcast translator" (a service intended to retransmit analog FM stations to distant areas), it is operating independently as "Streetz", under an FCC legal fiction that allows such stations to transmit original programming if it is also simulcast on another station's HD Radio digital subchannel. Since legitimately licensed noncommercial LPFM stations cannot do any of these things (have multiple stations, operate commercially, use higher powers and unlimited heights, or afford to rent an "HD" channel or AM station) despite being in the same FCC class D, no community radio stations have gone on-air in or immediately around the city since the 1980s, and two have been forced off-air in the 2000s.

Touching in and out.
<doc id="509137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=509137" title="Newtonian telescope">
The Labour politician the Hon. Sir Stafford Cripps was the youngest son of the first Baron. Violet Cripps, Baroness Parmoor, wife of the 3rd Baron and mother of the 4th Baron, was the second wife of Hugh Grosvenor, 2nd Duke of Westminster.
Although perspective distortion is often annoying when unintended, it is also intentionally used for artistic purposes. Extension (wide angle) distortion is often implemented to emphasize some element of the scene by making it appear larger and spatially removed from the other elements. Compression (telephoto) distortion is often used to give the appearance of compressed distance between distant objects, such as buildings or automobiles in order to convey a feeling of congestion. Longer lenses magnify the subject more, apparently compressing distance and (when focused on the foreground) blurring the background because of their shallower depth of field. Wider lenses tend to magnify distance between objects while allowing greater depth of field.
Ethnic groups
Although Jagjit continued to work and to have success after Chitra withdrew from public life he, too, was affected by the death of Vivek. "The Guardian" notes that he "suffered from deep depression and his anguish was often evident in his live performances." Aside from occupying himself with solo projects, which he performed in several languages, he collaborated with Lata Mangeshkar on an album titled "Sajda", an Urdu word meaning "prostration".
Antarctic flora

The Scarman Report.
In 4Kids Entertainment's dub of the first five story arcs of "One Piece", Marc Diraison voiced adult Zoro and Andrew Rannells voiced child Zoro. In Funimation Entertainment's dub of the entire "One Piece" franchise, adult Zoro is voiced by Christopher Sabat with Cynthia Cranz playing the role of child Zoro for episode 2 and by Brina Palencia for the rest of the franchise.
On 22 July 1839, in a surprise attack, the British-led forces captured the fortress of Ghazni, which overlooks a plain leading eastward into the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The British troops blew up one city gate and marched into the city in a euphoric mood. In taking this fortress, they suffered 200 men killed and wounded, while the Afghans lost nearly 500 men. 1,600 Afghans were taken prisoner with an unknown number wounded. Ghazni was well-supplied, which eased the further advance considerably.
The final task of the "Einsatzgruppen" in Poland was to round up the remaining Jews and concentrate them in ghettos within major cities with good railway connections. The intention was to eventually remove all the Jews from Poland, but at this point their final destination had not yet been determined. Together, the Wehrmacht and the "Einsatzgruppen" also drove tens of thousands of Jews eastward into Soviet-controlled territory.
<doc id="510921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=510921" title="Dace">
Studies in both lab and field settings have shown both teachers and students hold self-serving biases in regard to outcomes in the classroom. These attributions hold the potential for conflict between teacher and student since neither will take personal responsibility, as the student may blame the teacher while the teacher holds the student accountable. However, both teachers and students also reported being aware of the others' bias, which indicated there may be a feasible conflict resolution mechanism.
Heaton Moor, Heaton Chapel, Heaton Mersey and Heaton Norris each have their own individual high street and centre, but retain a common "vibrant" retailing theme, with bars, delis and independent music and cinema.
Dukinfield grew from a small village just south of Ashton-under-Lyne with open land to the south and east, the gap between it and the surrounding towns of Hyde and Matley being a semicircle around 1.5 miles wide, to fill the gap entirely by the late 1940s. In its early days from 1801, and previously, the population was small but boomed during the days of the cotton industry and later the coal industry with its major rail junction adding to its prosperity and growth.
<doc id="511402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=511402" title="Gonzales">
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Mornington Peninsula Nepean Football League before winning flags in the PFA in 1929 and 1933, then the MPFL in 1935, 1953, 1964, 1969, 1979, 1980 then the MPNFL in 2004, 2008, 2010, 2011 (seniors and reserves) and 2012. Former St.Kilda footballer Troy Schwarze coached the four grand finals between 2008 to 2011, before Nick Claringbold took over for 2012 so Troy could follow his dream coaching St.Kilda's mid-fielders at their new facility in Seaford and on match days. Troy played with Sorrento in about 9 matches during 2012 when not required in the AFL, and the finals series. Ben McCormack took over the captaincy from Dave Lawson when Dave was appointed coach at Crib Point 3 years ago. 
After his death, more than 20 other stations were designed in Richardson's style for the Boston and Albany line by the firm of Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge, all draftsmen of Richardson at the time of his death. Many Boston and Albany stations were landscaped by Richardson's frequent collaborator, Frederick Law Olmsted. Additionally, a railroad station in Orchard Park, New York (near Buffalo) was built in 1911 as a replica of Richardson's Auburndale station in Auburndale, Massachusetts. The original Auburndale station was torn down in the 1960s during construction of the Massachusetts Turnpike. The original Richardson stations on the Boston and Albany line have either been demolished or converted to new uses (such as restaurants). Two of the stations designed by Shepley, Rutan, and Coolidge (both in Newton, Massachusetts) are still used by Boston's MBTA (green line) public transit service.
Background.
Black Creek is a hamlet in the town of New Hudson, in Allegany County, New York, United States. The name is derived from a stream that flows nearby. The community lies between Cuba and Belfast on Route 305.
"Rudderow" class conversions.
The Government of the United Kingdom has announced plans to renew Britain's only nuclear weapon, the Trident missile system. They have published a white paper "The Future of the United Kingdom’s Nuclear Deterrent" in which they state that the renewal is fully compatible with the United Kingdom's treaty commitments and international law. These arguments are summarised in a question and answer briefing published by UK Permanent Representative to the Conference on Disarmament
Legacy.
"The Normal Leader" was created in September 1899 by the Zetesian society, an all-male literary organization. "The Normal Leader" was a monthly newspaper, costing ten cents a copy or fifty cents for a yearly subscription. On September 28, 1936 "The Normal Leader" became what we know today as "The Leader" on its Vol. XXXVI article No. 3 even though the school would not change its name to SUNY Fredonia until 1948. "The Leader" is produced by a team of Fredonia students, some of whom receive stipends from the Student Association. "The Leader" is printed by the "Corry Journal" in Corry, Pennsylvania and is distributed free on campus and in the surrounding community. Today, The Leader features mainly news which is pertinent to the SUNY Fredonia campus and community. This weekly publication comes out every Wednesday during the academic year and can be found around the SUNY Fredonia Campus.
The book discusses hundreds of Monet paintings, his influences, and the similarities and differences between some of his most important works of art.
Widgets were added to IDL in 1992, providing event-driven programming with graphical user interfaces. In 1997 ION (IDL On the Net), a web server-based system, was commercially released. The first version of ENVI, an application for remote sensing multispectral and hyperspectral image analysis written in IDL, was released in 1994. ENVI was created, developed and owned by Better Solutions Consulting, LLC, until it was purchased from BSC in October 2000 by Eastman Kodak coincident with their purchase of RSI. RSI sold, marketed and supported ENVI under the terms of a license agreement with BSC, LLC from 1994 through October, 2000. New object and pointer types, and limited object-oriented programming capabilities were added to IDL in 1997.
Cell fractionation
The English translation of her novel, "Priset på vatten i Finistère" ("The Price of Water in Finistère", translated by Frank Perry), was selected as a "Book of the Week" on BBC Radio 4. In the novel, having decided to pack up and leave her country of birth, she recounts the story her settling into her new home in the Finistère "département", in the northwest of France. It is told in a series of vignettes about gardening, learning the language, dealing with French bureaucracy, and struggling with writer's block.
Oddworld species.
Construction of a 4 km second extension, or Phase III, began in late 1991 and opened on March 24, 1994, introducing three stations into the Whalley area of the City of Surrey. Private partnerships with surrounding businesses in the community lead to the then new addition to taking on a different appearance in terms of station design from the rest of the Expo Line. This extension set the Expo Line's current eastbound terminus, King George Station.
