agnès b. (born Agnès Andrée Marguerite Troublé, 1941 in Versailles) is a French fashion designer. She is known for her self-named brand, which includes fashion and film interests.
Gennadi (or Gennady) Ivanovich Gerasimov (Russian, "Геннадий Иванович Герасимов", (3 March 1930, Yelabuga – 14 September 2010, Moscow) was the last Soviet, and then Russian ambassador to Portugal from 1990 to 1995. Previously he was foreign affairs spokesman for Mikhail Gorbachev and press secretary to Eduard Shevardnadze. He is noted for coining the expression "Sinatra Doctrine" in reference to Gorbachev's non-intervention policy with respect to other members of the Warsaw Pact. He was recognised as Communicator of the Year by the American Association of Governmental Communicators.
Ice.

<doc id="4876552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4876552" title="Maadiran Group">
<doc id="4877112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4877112" title="Thismiaceae">
Richard Tambling (born 12 September 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who plays in the Australian Football League.
Dr. Bhaumik utilized the earnings from his scientific career to seed various investments and was able to leave the poverty of his childhood behind. His life was chronicled on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. Later he discovered that spirituality is an essential ingredient for an abiding happiness and turned to the study of the relationship between advanced science and spirituality.
The Uriankhai people were annexed by the Oirat Zunghars in the 16th century. After the fall of the Zunghar Khanate in the 18th century, the Uriankhai were subjugated by the Qing Dynasty; and their one part, Altayans, was called by the Qing court as Altan Nuur Uriyangkhai. They have had skills in metalworking dating back to the 2nd millennium BC. The Altay came into contact with Russians in the 18th century. In the tsarist period, the Altay were known as oirot or oyrot (this name means oirat and would later be carried on for the Oyrot Autonomous Oblast). The Altay report that many of them became addicted to the Russians' vodka, which they called "fire water".
