Although the trailhead from Jiri into Sagarmatha National Park is referred to as the "classic route to Everest", the original trailhead actually began at Kathmandu. All early Everest expeditions—including the one led by John Hunt that put Tenzing Norgay and Edmund Hillary on the summit—passed through Jiri. So Jiri is also called the "Gateway to Mt. Everest".
Thermohaline circulation.
In the early Middle Ages, Slavic tribes of Tivertsi and Ulichs populated larger areas, including Transnistria, followed by Turkic nomads such as the Petchenegs and Cumans.

Tolan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Reuven again finds himself a buffer between father and son when, in the novel's climax, the two friends learn Reb Saunders's purpose for raising his son in silence: Reb Saunders had discovered early on that his son's dawning intelligence was far outstripping his sense of compassion for others. He wanted his son to understand the meaning of pain, so he shut him out emotionally. Finding the grown-up Danny indeed has a heart, and cares deeply about other people, Reb Saunders is willing to give his blessing to Danny's dream of studying psychology. "He will be a tzadik for the world," Reb Saunders tells Reuven. At last Reb Saunders breaks his silence and truly talks to Danny, asking Danny to forgive him for the pain he caused, bringing him up as he did. The words finally spoken, Reb Saunders leaves the room, and both boys burst into tears.
converges to an irrational number. Despite the rapid growth of this sequence, it is the slowest-growing irrationality sequence known.
The show was not a ratings success initially, airing in the tough Thursday 8pm/7pm Central time slot dominated by "Survivor" and "Friends" in its first season. When it moved to Tuesday, its ratings surpassed its time slot competitor, popular series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", which moved to the United Paramount Network (UPN) but retained the same time slot. It became The WB's third-highest-rated show. In its fifth season, "Gilmore Girls" became The WB's second-most-watched prime time show, with viewer numbers that grew by double digits in all major demographics.
Beginning with the 1978 model year, Chevrolet's 5.7 L (350-cubic-inch) V8 with a four-barrel carburetor, which produced at 3,800 rpm, also was available. Also in that year, the Skylark Custom replaced the Skylark S/R as the most luxurious variant. The 1978s also received some very light cosmetic changes to the corner lights and grille.
Severe allergic reactions to fire ant stings, including severe chest pain, nausea, severe sweating, loss of breath, serious swelling, and slurred speech, can be fatal if not treated.
The Party is a 1968 comedy film directed by Blake Edwards, starring Peter Sellers and Claudine Longet. The film has a very loose structure, and essentially serves as a series of set pieces for Sellers's improvisational comedy talents. The comedy is based on a fish-out-of-water premise, in which a bungling Indian actor accidentally gets invited to a lavish Hollywood dinner party and "makes terrible mistakes based upon ignorance of Western ways."
, Kuwait Airways had one of the oldest aircraft parks in the Middle East, with an average age of 20 years. That month, the carrier opened its maintenance facilities to the press for them to check that the fleet is kept in conditions, amid rumours of deficiencies in their maintenance.
Migration.
Despite the successful morning attack, access to an open escape route, and to the amazement of Floyd and Buckner, Pillow ordered his men back to their trenches by 1:30 p.m. Buckner confronted Pillow, and Floyd intended to countermand the order, but Pillow argued that his men needed to regroup and resupply before evacuating the fort. Pillow won the argument. Floyd also believed that C. F. Smith's division was being heavily reinforced, so the entire Confederate force was ordered back inside the lines of Fort Donelson, giving up the ground they gained earlier that day.

The following list gives the professional title, designatory letters and designated body for professional qualifications regulated by professional bodies that follow on from a relevant degree.
Career.
<doc id="378014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=378014" title="Fayez Banihammad">
Since Mr. Leland's death, a number of buildings, initiatives, etc. have been renamed to honor Mr. Leland:
Student athletics, both organized and intramural, are an integral part of student and alumni life. The University of Georgia's intercollegiate sports teams, commonly known by their "Georgia Bulldogs" nickname, compete in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). UGA served as a founding member of the SEC in 1932. In their 121-year history, the university's varsity sports teams have won 39 national championships and 130 conference championships. The Georgia Redcoat Marching Band, the official marching band of the university, plays at sports and other events.
If the data items are known ahead of time, the height can be kept small, in the average sense, by adding values in a random order, resulting in a random binary search tree. However, there are many situations (such as online algorithms) where this randomization is not viable.

After an 11-2 finish in 2012, SJSU's football team achieved its first-ever BCS ranking and first national ranking since 1990. SJSU was ranked #21 in both the 2012 post-season Associated Press Poll and the USA Today Coaches' Poll.
<doc id="378645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=378645" title="Endotherm">
Shivini


Brackley is also the home of German F1 team Mercedes AMG Petronas having had British team Brawn GP, who were bought out by Mercedes-Benz in 2009. Japanese team Honda F1 and British-American team BAR, who were bought out by Honda in 2006 were previously based in Brackley.

List of hospitals in Iowa (U.S. state), sorted by hospital name.
