The double County of Jaffa and Ascalon was one of the four major seigneuries comprising the major crusader state, the Kingdom of Jerusalem, according to 13th-century commentator John of Ibelin. 
With George Adams
Listing of those various artist compilation albums mentioned in the text of the main article:
From 20 October 2013, on weekdays the station is served by two trains per hour in each direction for most of the day, with additional trains provided during peak hours; on weekends the station is served by two trains per hour in each direction for most of the day.

Carl is a lover of music—especially classical, and more especially Johann Sebastian Bach—walks, good food, and games of all sorts. 
The liberalization process of the 1990s changed some parameters such as the unbundling of generation, transmission and distribution functions of incumbent utilities in order to foster a competitive wholesale market or, as in the cases of large exporters like Quebec and British Columbia, to comply with Order 888 of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and other U.S. market rules. Most provincial governments still maintain a strong financial stake as operators in the electrical markets.


United States and Canada.
Content.
Live at Folsom Field, Boulder, Colorado

Other theologically conservative Christians, including Confessional Lutherans, also rebut comments made by Karl Keating and D.A. Carson who claim that there is no distinction between the words "petros" and "petra" in Koine Greek. The Lutheran theologians state that the dictionaries of Koine/NT Greek, including the authoritative Bauer-Danker-Arndt-Gingrich Lexicon, indeed list both words and the passages that give different meanings for each. The Lutheran theologians further note that:
Personal life.
Andrew Caldwell left the group after "Bite It" and by the time the (now three piece) band reemerged with their second album "Big Wow" in 1998 (The last track of which included the refrain "We'll all go down in history") it was to a largely dismissive reception from the music media and Whiteout split soon afterwards.
Between 1941 and 1943, a total of 2,150 ethnic German Bulgarian citizens were transferred to Germany as part of Adolf Hitler's "Heim ins Reich" policy. These included 164 Banat Swabians from Bardarski Geran and 33 from Gostilya.
Professional career.
Polly Shannon (born September 1, 1973) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her portrayal of Margaret Trudeau in the 2002 miniseries "Trudeau", a film about the late Prime Minister of Canada Pierre Trudeau.
Fleming was first elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives in a January 1999 special election to finish the unexpired term of Tomie Green. He represented the 72nd District (which includes parts of Hinds and Madison counties) from 1999 to 2008. He was defeated in the 2007 primary by Kimberly Campbell, succeeded him in January 2008.
History.
City and state officials pondered on a means to reuse the facility, and formed a convention center authority. Public reaction to redevelopment prompted the new authority to preserve the market and the train shed in its design of the new convention center. It currently oversees the operation and maintenance of the convention center.
Blood Substitutes.
Reeling in the Years
Crich Coipre.
According to Cinnioglu et al., (2004) there are many Y-DNA haplogroups present in Turkey. The majority haplogroups are shared with their "West Asian" and "Caucasian' neighbours. By contrast, "Central Asian" haplogroups are rarer, N and Q)- 5.7% (but it rises to 36% if K, R1a, R1b and L- which infrequently occur in Central Asia, but are notable in many other Western Turkic groups), India H, R2 – 1.5% and Africa A, E3*, E3a – 1%.

<doc id="2089372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2089372" title="Clostridiaceae">
"He Liked to Feel It" proved to be a hit in the band's native Canada, becoming their highest-peaking career single at #2 on the Canadian singles chart. Despite the single's success domestically, "He Liked to Feel It" made minimal chart impact abroad, perhaps due to controversy surrounding the track's music video hindering its promotional efforts. A second single, "My Own Sunrise", would follow in January 1997, becoming a minor hit for the band, with "My Enemies" following as the album's third and final single later that year, also making limited impact.
Edwin and Edward Baltzley, inventors, industrialists, and real estate developers, hoped to build upon the banks of the Potomac River a suburban community free of the urban pollution of late-nineteenth century Washington. In order to compete with other suburban developments, the Baltzley brothers planned a series of opulent attractions for their would-be community.
Formation of the agency.
Paul Cornell, Martin Day, and Keith Topping wrote in "The Discontinuity Guide" (1995) that the bandits were cliched and viewers who enjoyed Douglas Adams' humour would appreciate the serial more. They noted that some have described it as "a conscious spoof of bad science fiction. On the other hand, it could just be bad science fiction." In "The Television Companion" (1998), David J. Howe and Stephen James Walker wrote that the setting was fleshed out but failed to develop it. They also criticised the characters, acting, dialogue, and direction, though they praised Geoffrey Bayldon as Organon and Myra Frances as Adrasta. Ini 2011, Patrick Mulkern of "Radio Times" criticised the monster, but was positive towards Barry's direction and some of the "vivid characters," though he noted the bandits and minor characters were lacking. DVD Talk's John Sinnot gave "The Creature from the Pit" three and a half out of five stars. He described it as having "the right mixture of humor and drama," although the monster let down. While Sinnot praised Baker, he criticised Ward's Romana, who had not yet grown into the role. Cliff Chapman of Den of Geek was also more positive, giving it four out of five stars and highlighting the acting, dialogue, and visual quality aside from the realisation of Erato.
The Spanish governor Francisco Bayot de Ocampo recommended to the Principalía to transfer the seat of government, and in the following year (1770), the settlements were strengthened in their administration in what they called "Janiuay".
On Monday 3 November 1997, during the 1997 season in Week Ten against the Pittsburgh Steelers, two Pittsburgh tacklers slammed Grbac to the Arrowhead Stadium turf and broke his collarbone. Ironically, Monday was officially designated Elvis Grbac Night in Kansas City, Kan., the home of a large Croatian community. Before the game, the Grbac clan entertained Chiefs president Carl Peterson and owner Lamar Hunt with a tailgate party in the parking lot, with ethnic fare-
E.ON is one of the major public utility companies in Europe and the world's largest investor-owned energy service provider. As result of mergers, E.ON inherited the subsidiaries of VEBA, VIAG and Ruhrgas in Central and Eastern Europe. It is also present in Russia, where it controls the generation company OGK-4. E.ON is present in most of Scandinavia.
On 20 May 1892 the line was converted to standard gauge. The station was completely rebuilt soon after, the work being completed early in 1895. It now had a similar scale of facilities as those found at other big West Country resorts which had new stations during the last quarter of the century, and . To accommodate longer trains the westbound platform was extended in 1938 and could then handle 15 coach trains, but the opposite platform could not be extended due to the entrance to the goods yard.
Sanjan (Gujarat)
Before German reunification in 1990, both West and East Germany ratified the Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany. Germany reaffirmed its renunciation of the manufacture, possession, and control of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons. In addition to banning a foreign military presence in the former East Germany, the treaty also banned nuclear weapons or nuclear weapon carriers to be stationed in the area, making it a permanent Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone. The German military was allowed to possess conventional weapons systems with nonconventional capabilities, provided that they were outfitted for a purely conventional role.
Only on 1 June 2000, the two main divisions, service and infrastructure, were separated and two different independent companies were created: Trenitalia, responsible for transport service, and Rete Ferroviaria Italiana, responsible for the management of the rail infrastructure. Both companies were still subsidiaries of Ferrovie dello Stato Holding SpA.
As a defense against such moro raids, the people planted pandan shrubs close to each other to form a formidable defense against invaders. When the Spaniards came they found the plants around the poblacion in great abundance. When asked what the name of the shrubs was, the people told them that they were pandan shrubs. Thus, the Spaniards called the place Pandan.
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1991–92 (listed with their last team):

He is the son of Jerry DaVanon, a former major league infielder.
