The following is the 2008–09 network television schedule for the six major English language broadcast networks in the United States. The schedule covers primetime hours from September 2008 through May 2009. The schedule is followed by a list per network of returning series, new series, and series cancelled after the 2007/08 season. The schedule omits the Public Broadcasting Service (whose programming is listed here).
de la Cour has written for various ensembles and soloists across the UK, the US and Europe including Michael Finnissy, Ah! you sitting comfortably (Vicky Wright/Peter Willcock), Laura Moody, Mark Knoop, The Calculators, Arco Collective, Anne Rhodes, Matthew Knowles, Libra Duo (Mark Knoop/Carl Rosman), IXION Ensemble.
<doc id="15710254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15710254" title="Mario Booysen">


In 1984, the Soviet Bloc and most other Eastern European Communist nations held a Friendship Games, also called "Druzhba", with separate host cities hosting separate sporting events. The gymnastics segment of the Friendship Games was held in the town of in Olomouc, Czechoslovakia (now in the Czech Republic). The competition was referred to as 'ČSSR Spartakiade' or, simply, 'Olomouc' after the host city.
In 1961, he changed research area and joined Jan Beenakker’s group at the Kamerlingh-Onnes Laboratorium of Leiden University in the Netherlands. There he coauthored one of the very first papers on what became soon known as the Senftleben-Beenakker effect: The influence of an external magnetic or electric field on the transport properties of dilute polyatomic gases. The idea behind this effect is that every polyatomic molecule – even a simple paramagnetic one like N2 – has a magnetic moment, due to its end-over-end rotation, which can be used as a handle to make it precess in an external magnetic field. If the precession frequency is sufficiently large compared to the collision frequency, the average kinetic cross section will change, and so will the transport properties. Likewise, for polar molecules one may employ electric fields to achieve the desired precession. This field has yielded a wealth of information on the non-spherical part (i.e. the angle dependence) of the intermolecular potential. In addition, several new phenomena were later discovered that had been believed to be non-existing in neutral gases, like transverse transport effects in a magnetic field, comparable to the Hall effect in electrical conduction. 
Starting in 1937, the U.S. Navy studied converting the Dollar Line class ships to troop transports. 
History.
<doc id="15717980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15717980" title="Kontour">
To cut carbon emissions by 15% below 1990 levels by 2020.
13. No Reason<br>

<doc id="15720909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15720909" title="1975 European Super Cup">
We sincerely declare that we shall uphold the rights and values of our Constitution<br>
Doctor Pantera: The only married member of the Luchadores 5. He is overweight, wears a Harvard sweatshirt and a mask with a leopard print design. He and his wife Suzy are trying to have a baby. He has a difficult time justifying his crime fighting career to his wife, who seldom believes any of his adventures are real. King Karateca accuses him of being the weakest of the group due to Pantera's weight, although he is rather spry in combat.
On January 26, 2009, the preliminary hearing was postponed until March 17, to give McInerney's lawyers time to appeal Judge Riley's rejection of the December motion for discovery. On March 18, 2009, the hearing was once again postponed, when William McInerney, the father of Brandon, was found dead in his living room in the Silver Strand area near Oxnard after he sustained an accidental head injury from a fall. Brandon McInerney was granted Judge Riley's permission to leave the juvenile detention facility and attend his father's funeral.
