On 9 October 2012, Tamil Nadu's chief minister directed authorities to immediately file a contempt petition against the Karnataka government for flouting the verdict of the Supreme Court by unilaterally stopping the release of water to Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu made a fresh plea in the Supreme Court on 17 October, reiterating its demand for appropriate directions to be issued to Karnataka to make good the shortfall of 48 tmcft of water as per the distress sharing formula.
Krasniqi was born in Kosovo, when it was part of the former Yugoslavia. He was a mathematics high-school teacher in Mali Vranovac (now Kosovo) when he fled to the United States, sneaking into the country across the border from Mexico in the trunk of a white Cadillac on Christmas Eve, 1988, aged 24. He began as a roofer and later founded Triangle General Contractors, a roofing company in Brooklyn, New York.
During the 1978 season, which was to become one of the most memorable National League West races of all time, Ivie played a significant role in helping the Giants win and stay in contention for first place throughout most of the season. On May 28, 1978 during the 6th inning of a game between the Giants and Los Angeles Dodgers, whose rivalry was in full force that season, Ivie was called upon to pinch hit. After the count went to 0-2, Ivie hit the next pitch from Dodger ace Don Sutton into the left field bleachers for a grand slam. As the ball cleared the left field fence, Darrell Evans, Jack Clark and Larry Herndon all scored while the largest paid crowd at Candlestick Park erupted. Ivie was mobbed at home plate by the Giants. The Dodgers tied it in the 7th, but the Giants won the game by a score of 6-5. He went on to hit a total of 4 pinch hit home runs that year.
<doc id="6063748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6063748" title="John Terpstra">
Unlike other factions in the "Revelation Space" universe, such as the Conjoiners and Demarchists, there appears to be no unifying political structure or philosophical school of thought behind Ultra society. Although extremely isolated from the rest of humanity during their long voyages, they do not appear to form particularly close associations even within crews; for the crews of the "Nostalgia For Infinity" ("Revelation Space") and of the "Gnostic Ascension" ("Absolution Gap"), power struggles and mistrust are presented as the normal state of affairs. However, neither crew is exactly normal; shipmaster Inigo Standish in "Galactic North" comments that Ultras like these crews are a minority.
Clear Sounds of Kansas City
CA&E #20 was built by Niles Car Company in 1902. This wooden car is the oldest electric interurban car operating in the United States.
Related organizations.
