Daphne calls at Pyne's office the next morning. He passes her his bill for expenses which she pays in cash and he gives her the ring. He has had it examined and it is definitely a paste copy. Daphne seems a little put out at this and Pyne tells her that he knows that she is in reality Ernestine Richards who is the secretary of Lady Dortheimer. The ring she brought in the previous visit was the paste copy which Richards wanted Pyne and his people to substitute for the real thing, absolving her of any real crime. He does not charge her a fee as he has not made her happy as his advert had promised. The angry young lady storms out of the office.
Twenty-five members of the Royal House of Windsor sat for Salisbury and he was the first artist to paint "HM Queen Elizabeth II". He painted "Winston Churchill" on more occasions than any other artist; the two iconic images of Churchill – "The Siren Suit" and "Blood, Sweat and Tears" are both Salisbury images. Mayoral regalia was a ready made requisite for the Salisbury style with "Councillor Sam Ryder" (of Ryder Cup fame) as Mayor of St Albans being the most famous of his civic images.
The following table shows the major professional sports leagues, which average over 15,000 fans per game and that have a national TV contract that pays rights fees.
In October 1795 George Bass and Matthew Flinders, accompanied by William Martin sailed the boat "Tom Thumb" out of Port Jackson to Botany Bay and explored the Georges River further upstream than had been done previously by the colonists. Their reports on their return led to the settlement of Banks' Town. In March 1796 the same party embarked on a second voyage in a similar small boat, which they also called the Tom Thumb. During this trip they travelled as far down the coast as Lake Illawarra, which they called Tom Thumb Lagoon. They discovered and explored Port Hacking. In 1798–99, Bass and Flinders set out in a sloop and circumnavigated Tasmania, thus proving it to be an island.
When first released film critic Bosley Crowther discussed the filmmaking, writing the "...style of presentation has resulted in a drama of rare clarity and punch."
