Synchronised swimming is one of four disciplines that has been contested at every World Aquatics Championships, along with swimming, diving, and water polo. The 1998 competition was the seventh World Aquatics Championships. However, synchronised swimming is unique at the championships, in that only women compete in the discipline. For the 1998 edition, three events were contested; solo, duet, and team routines. The Russian team was dominant, winning the gold medal in all three events contested. Olga Sedakova became only the fourth woman to win a gold medal in every discipline at the same championships, following Teresa Andersen in the first World Aquatics Championships in 1973, Carolyn Waldo in 1986, and Becky Dyroen-Lancer at the previous competition in 1994. North America had their worst showing ever at the World Aquatics Championships, Canada did not win any medals in synchronised swimming for the first time ever. The United States missed the podium in the solo and duet competitions, after winning at least one medal in those disciplines at every previous competition. 
The circumstances of Rivero's death are unknown.
Location.
These services, operated by RET, depart from stops underneath the station:
The 6th British Academy Video Game Awards (known for the purposes of sponsorship as GAME British Academy Video Games Awards) awarded by British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), was an award ceremony honouring achievement in the field of video games in 2009. Candidate games must have been released in the United Kingdom between 1 January 2009 and 31 December 2009. The ceremony took place in the London Hilton Hotel on 19 March 2010.
<doc id="26296678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26296678" title="Minor Elegance">

The club disbanded in 1878 after just ten seasons. Early that year three Scottish members of the team decided to break away to form their own club for Scots. These men, George Grant, Neil Macglashan and Robert Arnot attracted a number of responses to a circular they sent out. The London Scottish Regiment in particular were very warm to the idea. Very soon after, on 10 April 1878, London Scottish were formed. They had a sizeable fixture list and played some of the leading clubs of the time immediately, such as Ravenscourt Park Football Club and Queen's House Football Club. They also played St Andrew's Rovers that season. St Andrew's, who had lost the core of their best players lost twice to London Scottish and folded at the end of the season.
2012 Summer Paralympics.
