<doc id="40190215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40190215" title="DICE (DEA database)">
His fourth book, "Never Coming Back", is the first in the series to move entirely away from London, and is set in Devon and Las Vegas. On 28 August 2013 it was announced that "Never Coming Back" had been selected for the Richard and Judy Autumn 2013 Book Club. On 18 November 2013, it was shortlisted for Crime & Thriller of the Year in the Specsavers National Book Awards, and on 16 December 2013 iTunes included it in their 'Best of 2013' list, naming it Best British Crime Thriller.
The BCC was an attempt to compete against Jaques of London. The BCC developed new manufacturing processes with new types of materials, such as celluloid for their chess pieces. In 1891, the BCC registered the design for two of their chess sets: (1) Royal Chessmen; (2) Imperial Staunton.
<onlyinclude>
In 2009, Abbott and Redford began developing a pilot for an animated version of their unreleased rock opera, "A Sausage Named Clarence". As they were working on the script, they were asked to play a reunion show for the Mystic Knights of the Cobra. Soon after, they decided to reunite as a band. Plans quickly developed for the band to tour and record when Bobby Joe Ebola was approached by Silver Sprocket Bicycle Club to release a record on their label. The band agreed to a non-exclusive arrangement. The group then recorded their first digital EP, Freaky Baby, for release on Silver Sprocket as a four-song teaser to their upcoming full length album, "F". Freaky Baby was the first rap song recorded by the band and became the subject of the band's first-ever music video. The group started playing numerous shows around the Bay Area as their original two piece lineup. During these shows, the band started to showcase a large batch of new songs they had been written. These songs were eventually recorded and released on ""F"", their first full length album in over a decade.

In March 1967, one month before he joined Nissan, he went to Europe to watch a Formula 1 race. 
British Cycling and Manchester City Council, in partnership with New East Manchester worked together to deliver the National Indoor BMX Centre which opened in 2011. It was designed by Ellis Williams Architects, and built by contractors Sir Robert McAlpine.
