
To complete their bench, the Phillies signed utility infielder Juan Castro to a one-year contract to replace Eric Bruntlett, and inked a two-year deal with pinch-hitter and first baseman Ross Gload, who replaced Matt Stairs. In the bullpen, the Phillies signed right-handed relief pitcher Danys Báez to a two-year contract, and agreed to a one-year deal with right-handed starter and long reliever José Contreras. Amaro announced that all of the coaches from the 2009 season had also been invited to return.
getopt dates back to at least 1980 and was first published by AT&T at the 1985 UNIFORUM conference in Dallas, Texas, with the
Grasslands Wildlife Management Area lies within the San Joaquin River basin in California and supports the largest remaining block of wetlands in the Central Valley, containing of private wetlands and associated, and surrounding of state and federal lands. Perpetual conservation easements on private lands have been purchased by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.


The tunnel was listed in the Queensland Heritage Register in 1999.
<doc id="24885141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24885141" title="1995 Danamon Open – Singles">
In 1933, Marcinkus advanced to the rank of lieutenant, which was conferred by Lithuanian President, Antanas Smetona. In the same year he married Aleksandra Lingytė. Lingytė was also a prominent Lithuanian sportswoman; she won several basketball championships for Lithuania. Around the same time, inspired by Klemensas Martinkus, Marcinkus became a paratrooper instructor. Soon he became a parachuting master in the Air Force and participated in various air shows.
The larvae primarily feed on "Ulmus" species, but have also been recorded on "Quercus", "Tilia" and "Prunus spinosa".
Together with the Museum Kunst Palast, the foundation has important works from the following artists in its' collection: Hermann Bartels, Pol Bury, Enrico Castellani, Lucio Fontana, Hermann Goepfert, Kuno Gonschior, Gerard von Graevenitz, Gotthard Graubner, Hans Haacke, Oskar Holweck, Akira Kanayama, Yves Klein, Walter Leblanc, Adolf Luther, Heinz Mack, Piero Manzoni, Almir Mavignier, Christian Megert, Sadamasa Motonaga, Saburo Murakami, Henk Peeters, Otto Piene, Uli Pohl, Arnulf Rainer, Hans Salentin, Jan Schoonhoven, Shozo Shimamoto, Jesus Rafael Soto, Daniel Spoerri, Atsuko Tanaka, Jean Tinguely, Günther Uecker, Jef Verheyen, Nanda Vigo and Herman de vries.
Ruy Gómez de Silva

His distinctive style can be seen in the art of younger aboriginal artists, many of whom he had mentored. He died of cancer in 2004.
François Delzenne
<doc id="24891703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24891703" title="Dublin Mountains Way">
