George Hubbard Blakeslee
As of the 2000 census, the state as a whole had a population of 608,827. As there are a total of 150 representatives, there were 4,059 residents per representative (or 8,118 residents per two representatives). The one member Washington-6 District had a population of 4,311 in that same census, 6.21% above the state average.
<doc id="5662029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5662029" title="United States Air Force Special Operations Weather Technician">

George FM is an Auckland dance music radio station, owned and operated by MediaWorks from Ponsonby Road headquarters and relayed on Freeview and radio frequencies around New Zealand. Seventy-five presenters, including breakfast host Nick Dwyer, present the station's twenty four hour mix of house, breaks, drum and bass, dubstep, electro, soul, downbeat, jazz, funk, indie electronica, hip-hop and other dance and electronica music.
General Cody serves as the Chairman of the Board for Homes For Our Troops, a 4 Star related 501c3 organization that builds mortgage free, specially adapted custom homes for our severely wounded veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. General Cody is a Trustee on the Board of the Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund, a 4 Star rated 501c3 that has built and gifted back to the military the Center For the Intrepid Amputee Research and Treatment center at Brooke Army Medical Center, the National Intrepid Center For Excellence (NICOE) PTSD/mTBI research and treatment center at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and 3 of the planned 8 Intrepid Spirit satellite centers to the NICOE. He is also on the Advisory Council of Hope For The Warriors, a national non-profit dedicated to provide a full cycle of non-medical care to combat wounded service members, their families, and families of the fallen from each military branch.
History.
On the 8th of July 1815, Leopold van Limburg Stirum was named Knight Grand Cross in the Order of the Netherlands Lion, a title reserved for members of the Royal Family, foreign Heads of State and a select group of former prime ministers, Princes and Cardinals.


Racing career.
<doc id="5666554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5666554" title="Hypnotize (The Notorious B.I.G. song)">
