"Poledo" is unique from the rest of the album in that half of it is a lo-fi recording of Lou Barlow singing and playing ukulele, much like his own group Sebadoh, while the other half is a collection of sound collages and abstract noise pieces.
History.
<doc id="1870106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1870106" title="Righteous Army">
Immediately after World War II, the Recreation and Amusement Association was formed by Naruhiko Higashikuni's government to organize brothels to serve the Allied armed forces occupying Japan. On 19 August 1945, the Home Ministry ordered local government offices to establish a prostitution service for Allied soldiers to preserve the "purity" of the "Japanese race." The official declaration stated that "Through the sacrifice of thousands of 'Okichis' of the Shōwa era, we shall construct a dike to hold back the mad frenzy of the occupation troops and cultivate and preserve the purity of our race long into the future." Such clubs were soon established by cabinet councilor Yoshio Kodama and Ryoichi Sasakawa.
Cedric witnessed the cloaked figure's attack, and tells Graham that it was a powerful, evil wizard named Mordack who stole the castle. Cedric then brings Graham to the land of Serenia, where his master Crispin resides. Crispin is also a wizard, but a good one, who gives Graham some advice, his old wand, and a piece of white snake which allows Graham to speak with animals. Graham then starts on his journey.
Severance married fellow model Eric Milan in 1977. They separated amicably in 1984. According to Severance they "just grew apart".
Works.
Toby's freedom.
Slot antenna
Finality of Decisions.
Dust bunnies are harmful to electronics, as they can obstruct air flow through heat sinks, raising temperatures significantly, and therefore shortening the life of electronic components.
The ancient Egyptians believed that in order for a person's soul to survive in the afterlife it would need to have food and water. The opening of the mouth ritual was thus performed so that the person who died could eat and drink again in the afterlife. 
Philip Martin Dunne (born 14 August 1958) is a British Conservative Party politician and the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Ludlow constituency in Shropshire.
<doc id="1873042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1873042" title="Helena Normanton">
