His finest hour in Test cricket was the tour to the West Indies in 1976–77, when he topped the Pakistani batting averages with 517 runs at 57.4 and came second in the bowling averages with 7 wickets at 18.7, behind Majid Khan. He also scored 14 sixes in the Test series, setting a record that has been equalled 4 times but still remains the only instance away from home.He top-scored in both innings of the drawn [http://www.cricinfo.com/db/ARCHIVE/1970S/1976-77/PAK_IN_WI/PAK_WI_T1_18-23FEB1977.html 1st Test in Barbados, to push West Indies to within one wicket of their first loss at Kensington Oval since 1935. In their second innings, Pakistan were reduced to 158–9 by Andy Roberts and Colin Croft, a lead of only 144 just over half-way through the fourth day, but a last-wicket stand of 133 with Wasim Bari set the West Indies a target of 306. At the close of the fifth day, West Indies were 55 runs adrift, on 251–9. West Indies won their next 12 matches at Bridgetown, until they were finally beaten by England in the 4th Test in 1994. He was a cricket teacher at Haslemere Preparatory School from 2004 to 2006.. There is a memorial plaque there in his honour. He is also remembered in the north east of England, playing for Durham CCC, before the county was awarded 1st class status.
Nadeem Abbasi
Mel Bridgman
Paul Hansen Birch worked as a military officer, reaching the rank of general aide-de-camp for King Charles III John of Norway in 1821. He was an acting member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm from July to October 1822. He died in 1863 in Trondhjem.
Miguel Angel de León Lopez (born February 22, 1962) is a Venezuelan actor. He is better known simply as Miguel de León. He has acted mainly in telenovelas, which garnered him international fame across Latin America, where the genre is popular, particularly among women. He is also known to Hispanic audiences in the United States.

Distribution.
Cornwall Hill College has 4 prominent houses, all having roughly the same number of pupils. Houses being allocated at a child's induction into the college, relatives are generally placed in the same house. The 4 main houses include:
Coton in the Elms is mentioned in the Domesday book where it is then spelt "Cotes". The book says under the title of “The lands of the Abbey of Burton".

The 1928 Victor recording (20964-A) by Gene Austin, accompanied by Nat Shilkret and the Victor Orchestra, has had several late 20th century and early 21st century reissues:
Career.
Belding also has a small rivalry with fellow teacher Mr. Tuttle, who was also in line for the position of Principal at Bayside. He also had a friendly rivalry with Brandon Tartikoff over courtship of Belding's wife, but Tartikoff accepted that he got the short end of the straw and had to accept the eventual presidency of NBC (thus implicitly breaking the fourth wall, since Tartikoff actually "was" president of NBC at the time) while Mr. Belding was "happily married and got to be headmaster of a school of great kids."
Use in Christian liturgy.
Reasons to undergo juice fasting may include spiritual or religious reasons, detox, desire to lose weight, or attempts to stop habitual behavior such as smoking, drinking soda, overeating, caffeine addiction, etc. Participants may use juice fasting as an alternative medicine. Participants may believe juice fasting will cure chronic pain, cancer, depression, arthritis, severe infections that resisted antibiotics, autoimmune diseases, and many other incurable diseases. One reason for juice fasting is to assist with other methods of gallstone passage. Others choose juice fasting because they believe they can focus on healing specific organs and systems.
Alvarado died of cancer in 1967, aged 62, in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California and was interred in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Hollywood Hills.
Under his leadership, Rhema has grown from 20 people to a membership of more than 2000 believers in just over eight years with a focus on community outreach, economic and spiritual empowerment. This is demonstrated locally through youth education and employment programs and stretches internationally through missionary efforts with the La Montanita school project in the Dominican Republic. The ministry has been responsible for the establishment of national branches in urban centers such as Toronto and Ottawa, with future expansion planned for the cities of Vancouver, Montreal and Halifax.
