
Writing in Middle East Quarterly in Summer 2013, Gerald M. Steinberg noted an October 2011 statement by HRW “condemning Western governments for their 'apparent eagerness to embrace Qaddafi because of his support on counterterrorism, as well as lucrative business opportunities' that, according to HRW, 'tempered their criticism of his human rights record in recent years.'” Steinberg complained that “hat this statement conspicuously failed to note is that HRW had been an active participant in this eager embrace of the Qaddafi regime.” Calling HRW “a financially flush but morally bankrupt organization,” Steinberg charged that its “behavior with regard to the Middle East demonstrates a determined effort to avert its eyes from the worst human rights abuses while focusing on post-colonial ideologues' favorite whipping boy, Israel—the only democracy in the region.”
Interstate Match (Sunday, 17 April 1983)
Rebecca Kadaga attended Namasagali College for her high school education. She graduated with a law degree (LLB) from Makerere University in 1978. She went on to obtain the Diploma in Legal Practice from the Law Development Center in Kampala in 1979. In 2000, she obtained the Diploma in Women's Law from the University of Zimbabwe. In 2003, she obtained the degree of Master of Arts (MA), specialising in "Women's Law", also from the University of Zimbabwe.
Career.
The Augusta County Sheriff's Office (ACSO) is the primary law enforcement agency servicing 73,750 people within of jurisdiction within Augusta County, VA.
1950s in music

The war came in the midst of the Progressive Era, when efficiency and expertise were highly valued. Therefore the federal government (and states as well) set up a multitude of temporary agencies to bring together the expertise necessary to redirect the economy and society into the production of munitions and food necessary for the war, as well as the production of ideas necessary to motivate the people.
The first inscriptions on the UNESCO Memory of the World Register were made in 1997. By creating a compendium of the world’s documentary heritage—manuscripts, oral traditions, audio-visual materials, library and archive holdings—the program aims to tap on its networks of experts to exchange information and raise resources for the preservation, digitization, and dissemination of documentary materials. To date, 193 documentary heritages have been included in the Register, among them recordings of folk music, ancient languages and phonetics, aged remnants of religious and secular manuscripts, collective lifetime works of renowned giants of literature, science and music, copies of landmark motion pictures and short films, and accounts documenting changes in the world’s political, economic and social stage. Of these, 33 properties were nominated by countries from the region of Latin America and the Caribbean.
