Montgomery House is now owned by the Montour County Historical Society and is open for seasonal tours on Sunday afternoons.

Negreşti is a town in Vaslui County, Romania.

Khalfani-Cox is a two-time recipient of the Dow Jones International News Award (in 1996 and 1998) for her reporting of financial scams and Wall Street trends.
Misau is a Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Misau.
<doc id="24822799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24822799" title="Hawul">

Colombia is a country in north-western South America. Colombia is bordered by Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, Panama and the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean. With a population of over 45 million people, Colombia has the second largest population in South America, after Brazil. The capital is Bogotá.
As seen on youtube.com under tobyMacmusic, Tobymac had the following to say about the meaning of the song; "'City on our Knees' is really about a moment. A moment that we all come together. Where our differences fall by the wayside. And it’s really a reminder that that moment could be right now, tonight." 
Stanley Okoro


A legislative election was held in Honduras on 16 February 1965. The people elected 64 deputies to the Constituent Assembly.
Juan Carlos Lomonaco

Career.
Geologically the cliffs are of Tertiary age and are composed of fossiliferous limestone. The same formation can be seen from Eucla to Madura, where it forms a scarp separating the Roe Plain from the Hampton Tableland, but in this section the coastline has moved away from the cliffs. The scarp in this area runs parallel to, and within sight of, the Eyre Highway.

In 2005, Chevrolet introduced the Chevrolet Aveo taxi. This car was powered by a 1.5 engine from the Daewoo Cielo and it is the only taxi that was sold after the 1997 reform that was not white. The Aveo cars were imported from Ecuador with their common taxi color, yellow. After a couple of months, General Motors decided to bring the cars for taxi duty in white, while keeping the 1.5 Cielo engine.
In 2008, ClockStone developed "Super Fun Chess", a chess game offering a single player, multiplayer, and tournament mode, for the Nintendo DS together with Russian developer Elephant Games, published by Manchester-based White Park Bay Software. The game uses the chess program Crafty written by professor Dr. Robert Hyatt. The title was first released in France under its French title "Télé7 Jeux Echecs" in 2008. The international multi-language version was released in 2009.
La Bible amusante
Cambodia.
The cars weighted 1,295 kg, of which 90 kg was a fibreglass-reinforced plastic silhouette. The silhouettes represented seven different saloon cars. All of them were 1.92 m wide and 1.36 m high. Rear wings, rear diffusers and front spoilers were adjusted in wind tunnel in order to make each body style equal. The silhouettes resembled Audi, BMW, Ford, Jaguar, Lexus Opel and Volkswagen models but were unbranded, as none of the manufacturers were involved in the series. 
The Missouri Traveler
<doc id="24845062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24845062" title="Methodist Episcopal Church (Greenwich, Connecticut)">
Longua played college football at Villanova University prior to playing professionally. While at Villanova, Longua completed the longest punt in school history on November 25, 1922 against Duquesne University. The punt was record as going 95 yards.
Terrence Toliver

Martina Hingis was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Venus Williams.
Series 3 had a total of 20 episodes, and was broadcast in mid-2004. It was the only series to feature on CITV in a regular daytime slot, rather than a prime-time slot. However, once again, two episodes were shown long after the series should have finished. 
He died in Twickenham on 14 January 1813.
Japan.
Operation Camden (1969)
