He performed a one off show, "Let Me Be Frank With You" at the Forum Theatre in Melbourne, Australia, which was organized by Hamish and Andy on the 18th of August 2010.
"Brisbane" was propelled by Parsons steam turbines, which provided to four propellers. Although designed with a maximum speed of , "Brisbane" once reached during full speed trials. Her standard cruising speed was , which could be maintained for . The ship was fuelled by a combination of coal (1,196 tons at full load) and oil (260 tons).
We were a totally new company moving to a foreign country, and, ah, I don't we kind of expected it to go "boom", and just fly right in. We had no expectations; we didn't really know that many people, and we actually just wanted to skate, really. Because we grew up dreaming of living in California and getting to wake up every day and go out and skate without it raining. Ah, and I think that was something that, like, all of the guys, when we first moved here, you know, Rune and Tom [Penny, that was something that, you couldn't hold us back in that respect. I'd just turned eighteen, Tom was seventeen, ah, neither of us had lived away from home, you know. We'd moved to a foreign country where we didn't know anybody. Nobody. Ah, we had no money, we didn't have any cars, ah, alls we had was the board that we had; we couldn't go breaking those. we couldn't afford to, at the time, starting a company, we couldn't afford to run through ten boards a month ... Like myself, personally, I skated a lot with Ed , like, every day, because he lived, like, right across the road from me.

In popular culture.
Celebration Avenue heads south to an interchange with State Road 417, which crosses US 192 with no direct access. Just east of that crossing, US 192 crosses Bonnet Creek, the east end of Celebration, and International Drive heads north. An intersection with Poinciana Boulevard provides access to the Osceola Parkway to the north and Poinciana to the south, and State Road 535 heads north soon after. SR 535, and US 192 to the east, is part of the old Kissimmee-Vineland Road, built parallel to the Florida Midland Railroad; the intersection of US 192 and SR 535 has been moved to give US 192 the through road.

