Unable to add to his NHL experience, Pöck signed a two-year contract to return to his native Austria with original club, EC KAC, of the EBEL on April 10, 2013.
<doc id="4827057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4827057" title="Tallahassee Tempest">
association of Boolean algebras to classical propositional calculus, and make it applicable
Blue laser technology gives the 30 GB UDO more than three times the capacity of previous generation MO (Magneto Optical) and DVD technologies. Being removable, UDO cartridges, combined with off-line media management capabilities typical of optical storage libraries, makes UDO a much more scalable format. Rarely used data can be removed from a library, freeing up capacity yet remaining managed and accessible.
1997 - Rabobank (The Netherlands)
Kızılcahamam itself is a quiet market town known for its healing hot springs and mineral waters. Nearby Soğuksu National park contains a scout camp and walks, and areas for picnics in the forest. There are hotels and guest houses including spa hotels, some of them retreats for Ankara's politicians.
On 15 June 1929 Wheatcroft married Dorothy, known as Doss (1905–1999) the daughter of John Averill, a wealthy Tamworth farmer. She was a gymnast and dietician. Under her influence Wheatcroft became mainly vegetarian and his health improved. They lived at the nursery in Gedling, Nottingham, in a custom built Gypsy caravan, arousing curiosity when they took it to the shows. In winter Wheatcroft used a motor cycle when seeking wholesale outlets for unsold plants. He visited breeders in Spain and France, using his linguistic skill, and returned with rose varieties for future introduction. Wheatcroft's marketing of some of those plants might suggest that the firm had originated them, but in truth they had minimal success as rose breeders. In 1935 their launch of Herbert Robinson's Phyllis Gold and Christopher Stone with unprecedented publicity surprised the British rose world. Such vigorous salesmanship was something new. 
Bellezza, thus, lived in a political-cultural era convulsed by the ideological confrontations of the 1960s and the subversive ideological line of the aggressive neoavant-garde that struggled against conventional linguistic codes.
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer)


<doc id="4832363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4832363" title="Gustav von Wangenheim">

In 1958, two Texas brothers, Joe and R. L. Spillman, opened the first Pizza Inn across from Southern Methodist University in Dallas.
In the spring or early summer of 1846, during the time of US-Mexican War, Charles Bent visited Colonel Stephen W. Kearny, leader of the Army of the West at Forth Leavenworth, Kansas. Together with a large contingent of his army, Kearny gathered at Bent's Fort by the end of June in preparation to march on Santa Fe on behalf of the Government of the United States to take possession of New Mexico that belonged to the Republic of Mexico. Padre Martinez, the priest of Taos, had been a Mexican nationalist. He had been ordained a priest in Durango, Mexico a year after Mexican Independence, and considered Padre Miguel Hidalgo (Father of Mexican Independence) a hero and mentor. At the same time, he considered George Washington as another of his hero-mentors. Padre Martinez appreciated the ideals spelled out in the American Constitution and Bill of Rights. Although Padre Martinez had resisted U.S. encroachment into New Mexico since the early 1840s, he eventually came to believe that New Mexico would be better off under the flag of the United States. Before coming into Santa Fe, Kearny was aware that Padre Martinez was the main religious and political leader in northern New Mexico and throughout the whole region. Kearny, ironically, dispatched Captain Bent with a dozen soldiers to escort Padre Martinez and his brothers from Taos to Santa Fe in order to pledge allegiance to the American Flag. Because of their convictions, and in order to attempt avoiding bloodshed in the civil transfer of power, they willingly complied, thus becoming the first inhabitants of New Mexico to become citizens of the United States. Moreover, Colonel Kearny asked Padre Martinez to borrow his Ramage printing press on which the Padre had published New Mexico's first book, a newspaper, as well as religious and educational materials. The Padre lent the press to the Colonel soon-to-be promoted to Brigadier General, and Kearny used it to publish his Code of Laws.
Established in 2005 by Fiji TV as a Direct-To-Home (DTH) satellite service for Fiji and the Pacific, it started with 12 channels and eventually expanded to 16 channels in 2006. 
To assess the impact of demobilization one has to consider the resources involved, the dynamic processes of production, redistribution and the different factors and actors in policy making and implementation. The ultimate objective of demobilization and reintegration efforts should be to improve the welfare of people. Demobilization of combatants frees human potential that can contribute to achieving these objectives.
According to the "McClatchy" interviewer Taj Mohammed was mentored and given lessons in Arabic and the Koran by Yemeni captive Ali Abdullah Ahmed -- one of the three men camp authorities reported committed suicide on June 10, 2006.
David Architzel
The emperor Constantius Chlorus had campaigned successfully against several Germanic peoples during the internecine civil wars that had brought him to sole power over the Roman Empire. Among them were the Frisii and Chamavi, who were described in the "Panegyrici Latini" (Manuscript VIII) as being forced to resettle within Roman territory as "laeti" (i.e., Roman-era serfs) in c. 296. This is the last reference to the ancient Frisii in the historical record. However they would appear once more, this time in the archaeological record. The discovery of a type of earthenware unique to 4th century Frisia, called "terp Tritzum", shows that an unknown number of them were resettled in Flanders and Kent, likely as "laeti" under the aforementioned Roman coercion.
Pre-Preparatory.
'Massachusetts Murder Medallions' (once again produced by Gordon Raphael) was released 10 May 10, 2004. The single was made available only on CD format and was also given a promo video. The video received many requests on MTV2, more radio airplay and a small fanbase. To converge with the release, the band went on tour with Ikara Colt, Bloc Party and from May - June in 2004. The band also played with Jetplane Landing on May 26, 2004. A live recording of this whole gig exists but only a few people have the Kill Kenada set, with Jetplane Landing's set being used on their 'Courage/Danger' EP release.
Cheddleton station, situated on the Churnet Valley Line of the NSR, was opened to both passengers and goods on 1 September 1849.


In 1931, the Akita was officially declared a Japanese Natural Monument. The Mayor of Odate City in Akita Prefecture organized the Akita Inu Hozankai to preserve the original Akita as a Japanese natural treasure through careful breeding. In 1934 the first Japanese breed standard for the Akita Inu was listed, following the breeds declaration as a natural monument of Japan. In 1967, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Akita Dog Preservation Society, the Akita Dog Museum was built to house information, documents and photos.

GammaChrome.
The original soundtrack to the film "Trespass" was released in 1992. It features performances from a variety of hip hop acts, including Public Enemy, Black Sheep, and Sir Mix-a-Lot. The title track was performed by two actors from the film, Ice Cube and Ice-T. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in March 1994.
The song was written and produced by Erasure members Vince Clarke and Andy Bell. "All This Time Still Falling Out of Love" is a straight up dance music number displaying Clarke's signature syncopated, analogue synth noises and rhythm patterns. The song's original mix, by Tom Elmhirst, appeared as its single version; on "Nightbird", it was the one song not to have been mixed by Elmhirst, instead appearing as a harsher dance remix by Vince Clarke and Mark Saunders, who had mixed much of Erasure's early material. In addition, the DVD single contained a live version.
Spain (1936–1975).
<doc id="4843875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4843875" title="Altcar and Hillhouse railway station">
With the acquisitions of rookies Lindsey Harding and Noelle Quinn, Jacobs returned to a reserve role in 2007. She appeared in 29 games, averaging 3.2 points and 1.4 assists in 11.3 minutes per game.
Garvetagh is a small village in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, near Castlederg. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 66 people. It lies within the Strabane District Council area.
In her maiden speech O'Neil placed an emphasis on the importance of a strong economy in effecting a fair society and stemming disadvantage. She stated that whilst she believed "government should not be building great tariff walls or controlling the big macroeconomic levers", it did in practice provide "the platform on which our businesses compete — and win — globally" and that political leaders must therefore play a role in providing "good policy and clear communication" on the topic. O'Neil cites her family's history, work at McKinsey & Company, and experiences in indigenous communities as influencial in shaping her views on the economy.
12x12&quot;
The fault then continues underwater to form the northern California Channel Islands, and beyond to where it terminates.
<doc id="4846740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4846740" title="She Believes in Love Again">
JIS X 0213 defines several 7-bit and 8-bit encodings including EUC-JIS-2004, ISO-2022-JP-2004 and Shift JIS-2004. Also, it defines the mapping from each of these encodings to ISO/IEC 10646 (Unicode) for each character.


The B-37, given the service name "Firebrand" on 11 July 1941, was a low-winged, all-metal monoplane. Aft of the cockpit the fuselage was an oval-shaped stressed-skin semi-monocoque, but forward it had a circular-section, tubular-steel frame that housed the main fuel tank and the auxiliary fuel tank behind the engine. The radiators for the neatly-cowled Sabre engine were housed in wing-root extensions. The large wing consisted of a two-spar centre section with manually-folded outer panels (with 5 degrees of dihedral) to allow more compact storage in the hangar decks of aircraft carriers. To increase lift and reduce landing speed the wing was fitted with large, hydraulically-powered Fowler flaps that extended to the edges of the Frise ailerons. The fixed armament of four Hispano autocannon was fitted in the outer wing panels with 200 rounds per gun. The vertical stabilizer and rudder were positioned forward of the horizontal stabilizer to ensure spin recovery and that the rudder would retain its effectiveness. The mainwheels of the conventional landing gear were mounted at the ends of the centre wing section and retracted inwards. The Firebrand was unusual in that there was an airspeed gauge mounted outside of the cockpit so that during landing the pilot would not have to look down into the cockpit to take instrument readings, presaging the development of the modern heads-up display.
Raphson was a staunch supporter of Newton's claim, and not that of Gottfried Leibniz, to be the sole . In addition, Raphson translated Newton's "Arithmetica Universalis" into English.


Leonard was born 20 December 1676, the son of Domenico Casanova and Anna Maria Benza. He was given the name Paul Jerome Casanova. Leonard’s father was a ship captain whose family lived in Port Maurice on the northwestern coast of Italy. At 13, Leonard went to Rome to live with his uncle Agostino and study at the Jesuit Roman College. He was a good student and destined for a career in medicine. In 1697, however, he joined the Friars Minor. When he decided against medicine, his uncle disowned him. On 2 October 1697, he received the habit and took the name Brother Leonard, after a relative who had been kind to him. After making his novitiate at Ponticelli in the Sabine mountains, he completed his studies at St. Bonaventura on the Palatine at Rome.
The highest point on the island is above sea level. This peak is located close to Mikro Chorio. The island covers an area of .
Pestovo, Pestovsky District, Novgorod Oblast

The birth of Begum Nawazish Ali.
"Nepenthes danseri" was formally described in 1997 by Matthew Jebb and Martin Cheek in their monograph "A skeletal revision of "Nepenthes" (Nepenthaceae)", published in the botanical journal "Blumea". However, the name "N. danseri" had already been in use since at least 1994.
Throughout his congressional career, Owens was a friend to environmentalists (he would later serve on the boards of several environmental organizations within the state), an advocate for “downwinders” who had suffered radiation exposure during atomic testing in Nevada in the 1950s, a strong supporter of the Central Utah Project to bring much-needed water to the region, and founder of the Center for Middle East Peace and Economic Cooperation. He always considered his vote, along with the votes of his fellow freshman congressmen, to force the vote that ended the Vietnam War to be one of the highlights of his career.
Indri are the members of an ethnic group of South Sudan. Most of them are Muslims. The number of persons in this group is about 1,000. They speak Indri, a Ubangian language. 

On April 18, 1994, arsonists set fire to Saunders forcing the evacuation and temporary closure of the school, as well as an extensive rebuilding of the rear part of the building. London Police subsequently charged three students with setting the blaze.

In various unofficial matches of Protmušis the rules may differ slightly.
It was founded in 1947 by Ernesto Maserati (engineering manager) and his two brothers Ettore, and Bindo (operations managers) who had all left Maserati after their ten-year contract with Adolfo Orsi terminated. Ten years earlier, in 1937, the remaining Maserati brothers had sold their shares in the company to the Orsi family, who, in 1940, had relocated the company headquarters to their hometown of Modena, where it remains to this day.
There are various publications and magazines published in the UCSC. "Vita e pensiero", founded in 1914 by Agostino Gemelli, becomes the official magazine of the Cattolica since its inception. "Presenza" is the UCSC's house organ and it aims to examine topical issues and latest news of the University. The magazine is divided into two main blocks. In the first part, there are services and insights into current affairs, in the second part, the space is devoted to news from the headquarters of Cattolica (Milan, Brescia, Piacenza-Cremona, Roma and Campobasso). The magazine is distributed free to faculty, students, graduates and opinion makers at the national level. "Comunicare" is a bimonthly magazine, founded in 1990, on the School of Medicine and Surgery of Rome and the Policlinico Agostino Gemelli.
Prior to the development of catalytic hydrogenation, many methods were developed for the hydrogenation of unsaturated substrates. Many of these methods are only of historical and pedagogical interest. One prominent transfer hydrogenation agent is diimide, which becomes oxidized to the very stable N2:
Bolotsky and Godefroit (2004) found the paleobiogeographic implications interesting. The relationship they described provides additional support for land links and faunal interchange between eastern Asia and North America at the end of the Cretaceous, as the other two genera are either known only in North America or are known from a species there. The "sauroloph" group would have had to split from the nest closest group, the "edmontosaur" group, in the early Campanian, from Asia, and moved west while leaving a splinter population that would lead to "Kerberosaurus", then return to Asia at a later point and produce "Saurolophus angustirostris". 
Spamount
References.
Interestingly, the first Commando leader was John Frederick Durnford-Slater, author of the autobiographical Commando: Memoirs of a Fighting Commando in World War Two. Henriques’ charismatic Territorial colonel, and then Commando leader is similarly hyphenated, “George Hatherly-Cooke”. Most of Hatherly-Cooke’s fighting doctrines (such as, the night is never too dark to see, and pocket torches ruin night vision, …) are famously those of Durnford-Slater! The Letter was Durnford-Slater's way of escape from a stultifying post in an anti-aircraft battery.
On December 2013, Morrissey played "Irish Blood, English Heart" as last of his 3-songs set during the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo.

In mid-career, at age 50, he began his theological studies, first in Chicago, then in Boston. During these studies, Siemon-Netto freelanced as a magazine correspondent.At the time of the collapse of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and Germany's subsequent reunification, he served, concurrently with his academic work, as an editorial consultant and—as independent contractor—executive editor for "Bild", launching its East German editions, helping plan newspapers for Leipzig and Dresden, training Eastern German journalists and developing a new curriculum for Journalistenschule Axel Springer.
The action of the Einstein æther theory is generally taken to consist of the sum of the Einstein–Hilbert action with a Lagrange multiplier λ that ensures that the time vector is a unit vector and also with all of the covariant terms involving the time vector "u" but having at most two derivatives.
<doc id="4861224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4861224" title="Fate/hollow ataraxia">
When the February Revolution of 1917 broke out, Guchkov was called in to take charge of the Ministry of War and Navy. Shortly after the Petrograd riots in February 1917, Guchkov, along with Vasily Shulgin, came to the army headquarters near Pskov to persuade the Tsar to abdicate. On 2 March 1917 (Old Style) Nicholas II abdicated. In the evening Guchkov was at once arrested and threatened with execution by the workers.
