For 3 years in the early 2000s, much like its radio counterpart Radio New Zealand and ABC TV in Australia, TVNZ became a fully public service network. This was abolished under new TVNZ management in 2005. In 2008 New Zealand Labour Party-led government announced to TVNZ stuff they must strive to become "more public-service" like. TVNZ obeyed by launching two commercial free channels; TVNZ 6 and TVNZ 7. By 2011 New Zealand prime minister John Key announced the closure of these channels. 6 in 2011, and 7 in mid-2012, with much of their content put into TVNZ Heartland and TVNZ Kidzone24 which are only available behind a SKY TV paywall. Prior to the 21st century TVNZ was seen as a public service, as it was originally designed to be. TVNZ still holds public service responsibilities — albeit much diminished — broadcasting such shows, mainly on TV One, in the late hours of the night, and on Sunday mornings. New Zealanders have campaigned for a stronger public service system, like that of the one in the United Kingdom, where all networks are permitted to be public service.
Eric Newell (Theta Chapter) - Former Chairman and CEO of the oil company Syncrude. Chancellor of the University of Alberta.
The 2008 average actual production for all USA Holstein herds that were enrolled in production-testing programs and eligible for genetic evaluations was of milk, of butterfat and of protein per year. Total lifetime productivity can be inferred from the average lifetime of US cows. This has been decreasing regularly in recent years and now stands at around 2.75 lactations, which when multiplied by average lactation yield above gives around of milk.
Suids have a well-developed sense of hearing, and are vocal animals, communicating with a series of grunts, squeals, and similar sounds. They also have an acute sense of smell. Many species are omnivorous, eating grass, leaves, roots, insects, worms, and even frogs or mice. Other species are more selective and purely herbivorous.
London Buses routes 18; 27; 30, 88; 205; 453; C2 and night route N18 serve the station.
Plot Introduction.
An inscribed altar stone found at Chapel Ia, Troon (now set in the altar of the parish church), and dated to the tenth or eleventh centuries, attests to the existence of a settlement then. The chapel of St Ia was recorded in 1429 and a holy well was nearby. The site was called Fenton-ear (i.e. the well of Ia). The stone is very similar to one now in the garden at Pendarves, used as the base for a sundial.
Because of general dissatisfaction with the empirical approach, including difficulties in determining causality and capturing country-specific factors, attention turned to the analysis of how changes in the income distribution affected the growth rate in subsequent time period (usually five years) in a large group of countries. Forbes (2000) found that an increase in inequality tends to raise growth during the subsequent period. This literature did not go too far as Banerjee and Duflo (2003) found a complex relationship between inequality and growth, in which changes in inequality in either direction lowered growth subsequently. They interpreted this finding as supporting the notion that redistribution hurts growth, at least over the short- to medium-run, but also cautioned about interpreting income distribution-economic growth analysis of this type.
Armament.
Slogan of the city.
Etymology.
Summary of results.
Broadcast.
One more recent type of speckle interferometry called speckle masking involves calculation of the "bispectrum" or "closure phases" from each of the short exposures. The "average bispectrum" can then be calculated and then inverted to obtain an image. This works particularly well using aperture masks. In this arrangement the telescope aperture is blocked by astronomers apart from a few holes which allow light through, creating a small optical interferometer with better resolving power than the telescope would otherwise have. This aperture masking technique was pioneered by the Cavendish Astrophysics Group.
State authority.
Málaga.
In truth, it was never close to that. The date, 23 June 1985, is not seared into the nation's soul. The events of that day snuffed out hundreds of innocent lives and altered the destinies of thousands more, but it neither shook the foundations of government, nor transformed its policies. It was not, in the main, even officially acknowledged as an act of terrorism.

Legacy.
<doc id="372021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=372021" title="1982 in Canada">

