In the first edition of "Genera Palmarum" (1987), Natalie Uhl and John Dransfield placed the genus "Cryosophila" in the subfamily Coryphoideae, the tribe Corypheae and the subtribe Thrinacinae Subsequent phylogenetic analysis showed that the Old World and New World members of the Thrinacinae were not closely related. As a consequence of this, "Cryosophila" and related genera were places in their own tribe, Cryosophileae. Within this tribe, "Cryosophila" appears to be most closely related to the genus "Schippia".
Dypsis pilulifera is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.
Academics.
In his pursuit to become the "real Chinese", entitled to rule all over the Heavenly Kingdom, Hailing moved his court from the original Jurchen capital, Huining to Yanjing (modern Beijing) in 1153, and later on (1157) ordered to destroy the palaces in Huining.
Cliff Livingston
Adhahn was born in Bangkok, Thailand to Pennsiri Bower and a Thai father. As a child, Adhahn was allegedly raped repeatedly by an older sibling. It was also reported that his father physically abused him until his parents divorced around the time Adhahn was 3 or 4. After Adhahn's father left, his mother married an American serviceman named John Bower and the family moved to San Diego in 1977 and later they moved to Germany. 
In 1965, Arizona proposed for an extension of US 93 from Kingman to Ash Fork, overlapping US 66, and then south to Phoenix. This proposal was protested by the towns of Aguila and Wickenburg that argued that US 93 should pass through their towns rather than the proposed alignment to the east. The town of Wickenburg contested that a direct routing between Phoenix and Kingman would be shorter than the routing through Ash Fork and that it would provide a necessary connection between Phoenix, the state capital, and the northwestern part of the state.
On 4 July "Ransom" resumed minesweeping operations. Throughout the month she operated in the East China Sea, sweeping a total of seven mines, then, on 6 August, she retired to Leyte for overhaul and repair. Returning to Okinawa at the end of the month, she continued on to Japan with task group TG 52.4, and on 9 September began sweeping mines at Nagasaki. On 21 September, she shifted to Bungo Suido, where she swept until the end of September. During the month "Ransom" swept 73 enemy mines. "Ransom" departed Kure, Japan, for the United States 20 November. Transiting the Panama Canal 30 December 1945, she continued on to New Orleans, Louisiana; underwent pre-inactivation overhaul; and decommissioned at Orange, Texas, 3 March 1947. 
Langridge was a tall left-handed opening batsman who had particular success in the early 1960s, making 1675 runs in 1961 followed by 1885 runs in 1962.

Habitat.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, rivers, freshwater springs, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, ponds, and irrigated land.
1997: Spelling "Citrus".
Werneria preussi
The Winterhawks finished the regular season with a record of 23-1-0, with their only loss at the hands of the Shelburne Muskies. In the first round of the playoffs, they downed the Lucknow Lancers in four straight games. In the North Division semi-final, the 'Hawks beat the Durham Thundercats in another four game sweep. The Winterhawks met the rival Elora Rocks for the North championship and once again prevailed in the minimum four games.
On November 22, 2013, "The Steve Wilkos Show" celebrated their 1000th episode, along with Jerry Springer and Rachelle Wilkos as special guests.
<doc id="12361752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12361752" title="The Age Short Story Award">
Other pitchers.
The Turpin Site (33Ha28) is an archaeological site in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located near Newtown in Hamilton County, the site includes the remains of a village of the Fort Ancient culture and of multiple burial mounds. Detailed explorations of the site have revealed the bodies of many individuals in and around the mounds. The archaeological value of the site has resulted in its use in the study of similar locations and in its designation as a historic site.
In the 2007 season the All-county league (ACL) is split into four divisions of 12 teams each except for Division 3 which has 13 teams. The divisions in ranking order, with the highest one first, are Division 1A, Division 1B, Division 2 and Division 3. Teams that compete in Divisions 1A & 1B compete in the Senior Championship, Division 2 teams compete in the Intermediate Championship and Division 3 teams play for the Junior Championship. Each team plays each other on a double round-robin, giving sides 22 league games or 24 in Division 3.

Pure Pure Mimi to Shippo no Monogatari
The former "Recruit" was acquired by the Mexican Navy in 1963 and renamed ARM "DM-07". Although she is reported out of service, her ultimate fate is not reported in secondary sources.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Giovanni began playing piano at age five, and three years later was sent to study composition and technique with Michael Cheskinov at the Russian Conservatory. In the years to follow, he emerged as a remarkably prolific composer, often writing as many as ten new songs each week. Forming his own label, NewCastle Records, he also hosted his own weekly television series, "Giovanni's World of Music". His frequent appearances on cable's QVC and the Home Shopping Television offered a major boost to his international visibility as well, and in one 12-minute stretch alone he sold over 120,000 albums. In 1998 Giovanni signed with Atlantic Records, making his label debut with "Destiny" early the following year. To date, Giovanni has sold millions of CDs around the world and currently has over 60 CDs available directly through his website. Giovanni's latest release "Because I Love You" won the best New Age CD of the year in Spain for 2010. He is currently preparing for his next television special to be filmed in 2013 from Positano, Italy, with world famed Flamingo guitarist Roni Benise. 
He was appointed Sheriff of Leicestershire for 1689 and 1699. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Leicestershire from 1695 to 1698 and from 1707 to 1708.

It can be found in a variety of habitats in very humid lowland and premontane habitats (secondary growth and plantations, swampy areas in primary forest, but not in open areas), usually close to streams. It is common species; threats to it are habitat loss, introduction of alien predatory fish, and pollution.
Dating.
Jonathan Reis has over and over again damaged the reputation of PSV. He has been caught on using cocaine as well as caught driving under influence hours before a game. 
The opera received 100 performances in the first decade following its premiere. Its first performance in Paris was in May 1911, where the critics considered the opera to be old-fashioned.
France–Poland relations
Marbled poison frog
Morelet's tree frogs are dying at a rapid rate. Their survival is dependent upon several factors due to their human and disease caused population decline. Some conservation measures are in place, while others are still in need of implementation or research. A number of protected parks have been created to curb habitat destruction in areas of Central America and Mexico. Taxonomic research is currently in place to further understand the population's status. More data is needed, however, on a temporal and spatial scale to determine trends in the population of Morelet's tree frogs.
The name "Paean" is believed to be first attested in Mycenaean Greek as an alternative name of Apollo; the attested form of the name, written in Linear B, is , "pa-ja-wo-ne".
