Dimitrios Avramis (; born January 1, 1975, in Trikala) is a retired amateur Greek Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's light heavyweight category. Avramis has claimed a silver medal in the 76-kg division at the 1997 Mediterranean Games in Bari, Italy, picked up a bronze at the 1999 World Wrestling Championships in Athens, and later represented his nation Greece in two editions of the Olympic Games (2000 and 2004). Throughout his sporting career, Avramis trained as a member of the Greco-Roman wrestling team for Panellinios G.S. in Athens, under his father and personal coach Spyridon Avramis.

Multilateral Engagements.
In association football, for the first-tier league seasons, see 1988–89 Primeira Divisão and 1989–90 Primeira Divisão.

After six seasons in Mamaroneck, the Sportimes moved into the newly constructed Sportime Stadium at Randall's Island in New York City for the 2009 season. John McEnroe, Jesse Witten and Ashley Harkleroad (who gave birth on the day of the draft and was picked in the third round) all returned from the previous season's squad. The Sportimes traded up in the first round of the roster draft sending their pick along with cash consideration to the St. Louis Aces in exchange for the Aces' first round pick which was number 1 overall. The Sportimes used that choice to select Robert Kendrick. Christina Fusano was taken with the Sportimes' final choice. Harkleroad's husband Chuck Adams returned to coach the team. Abigail Spears was later signed as a free agent. The Sportimes repeated their 2008 regular-season performance with 10 wins and 4 losses. This time it was enough for first place in the Eastern Conference and a trip to the Eastern Conference Championship Match.
<doc id="43063697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43063697" title="521 Exhibition East">
very variable, oblong-linear to broadly oval, tapering base.

He was successful in the original cast of W.S.Gilbert's comedy "Engaged", which opened on 3 October 1877 at the Haymarket Theatre; he played the part of Cheviot Hill. He returned to the role of Eccles in "Caste", from January to May 1879 at the Prince of Wales Theatre.
Accra witteae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Prior to the American Civil War of 1861–1865, Thomas Affleck (1812–1868), a Scottish immigrant and nurseryman who became a Southern planter, made mustang wine on his Glenblythe Plantation located in Gay Hill, Washington County, Texas, and advertised it for commercial sale. Moreover, he published a recipe, which was used by others and commented upon in the Southern press, as in the "Southern Cultivator". 
Biography.
Socialist ideas found expression in utopian movements, which often formed agricultural communes aimed at being self-sufficient on the land. These included many religious movements, such as the Shakers in America.
Although the music video aspect of Yankovic's songs had long been a part of his success, RCA Records opted not to fund any video production for "Mandatory Fun". Yankovic instead turned to various social media portals including Funny or Die and CollegeHumor which he had worked with in the past; these sites helped to cover the production cost of the videos with Yankovic foregoing any ad video revenue. He chose to distribute the videos to different portals to avoid burdening any single one with all of the costs and work needed to produce them. This release strategy was considered by "The Atlantic" as a "web-enabled precision video delivery operation, and evidence of some serious digital distributional forethought" as it allows the videos to be seen by different sets of audiences for each site. During an interview on Fox Business, Yankovic explained his method of funding to Stuart Varney, who seemed to misunderstand the possible monetization of Yankovic's videos.
Interwar.
The 900 member Venda Defence Force (VDF) was established upon that country's independence on 13 September 1979. It initially consisted of two infantry battalions with one armored personnel carrier and one engineering unit, and an air wing with three helicopters.
Deltosoma xerophila
Z. maculata may refer to:
