Awards.
"La Familia" (1997) for Naked Angels and the Hip-Hop Theatre Festival
"... Berlian Hutauruk with perfect articulation breathes life into each and every word..." They also wrote that other versions by male artists could not compare, lacking her emotional strength.
Business.
Interplay, BioWare, and Black Isle.
<doc id="32409553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32409553" title="Henry Richards (clergyman)">
(a) an "act of a firm" means any act or omission by all the partners, or by any partner or agent of the firm which gives rise to a right enforceable by or against the firm; 
International cooperation is primarily coordinated by the UNESCO. It has been laid down in the Second Protocol, Art. 24 that an international committee is to be constituted for the protection of cultural property during armed conflicts. This committee convenes annually and is supported by the UNESCO Secretariat (Second Protocol, Art. 28). Every four years, the signatory states report to the committee on the implementation of the Second Protocol. In 2015, with the revision of the Act on the Protection of Cultural Property, the stipulations of the Second Protocol, which Switzerland ratified in 2004, will be integral part of Swiss law. Switzerland has already collaborated bilaterally with various countries, for example with the Czech Republic, Germany and Norway.
The Telugu version of the album ("Varna") was released on 26 October, also receiving positive critical reception. It also had the same set of vocalists except for Dhanush, who was replaced by Karthik and Vijay Prakash for the Telugu version of "Pazhangkalla" which was titled "Paalalle". All lyrics were written by Chandrabose.
<doc id="32413727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32413727" title="The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala">
Burton and Monaco, the acting duo that brings this pairing to life, have often commented on how their two characters weren't originally supposed to be together, but the fan reaction and their on-screen chemistry caused the "General Hospital" writers to move them in a new direction. Their love story was allowed to evolve naturally and organically. The couple started out as an "unlikely love story", but over time turned into much more. They spent many years together and in that time, overcame several obstacles that tried to keep them apart. The couple shared many loving, joyful, and tender moments and have also prevailed over periods of turmoil, heartache and separation. During the characters' separation in 2008, Monaco stated to "Soap Opera Digest", "The love of Sam's life will always be Jason." 
State grants for meteorological stations.

It was at this time that the rule was instituted that, for a cavalry regiment or infantry battalion to be eligible for an award, the Headquarters and fifty per cent or more of its strength must have been present. Exception was made for the Yeomanry regiments, which had contributed company-sized contingents to the Imperial Yeomanry, but not their individual regimental headquarters. These regiments were considered to be eligible if parties of 20 or more had been present. These principles (presence of a unit's headquarters and fifty per cent or more of its strength) were continued by General Ewart's and subsequent Battle Honours committees, but, again, numerous exceptions were made.
<doc id="32417579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32417579" title="Motion/Stillness">
The Company was incorporated on September 6, 1983. In 1986 with six employees, it launched its operations, focusing primarily on providing third-party marketing and sales for real estate developers.
Turbine engines need not be used as jets (see below), but may be geared to drive a propeller in the form of a turboprop. Modern helicopters also typically use turbine engines to power the rotor. Turbines provide more power for less weight than piston engines, and are better suited to small-to-medium size aircraft or larger, slow-flying types. Some turboprop designs mount the propeller directly on an engine turbine shaft, and are called propfans.
Lt. General Florakis was awarded the Commander's crosses of the Order of Honour and of the Order of the Phoenix, as well as numerous other distinctions and commemorative medals.
