His own people seem to have dramatically changing opinions of him. In the first episode, he is referred to as "Our most beloved public official," and the people cheer at seeing him defeat an assassin. Others however, seem completely disgusted by him and attempt to kill him or escape from his control. In general, the Breen soldiers he commands seem loyal, if often very confused by him.

<doc id="3198246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198246" title="Khánh Hòa">

Avon Dassett is a village and civil parish in the Stratford district of Warwickshire, England, nestling among the Burton Dassett Hills about four miles east of Kineton and seven miles north of Banbury in Oxfordshire. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 210.
She worked for local BBC Radio part time in paid and voluntary positions from 1986 to 1991. Her first job was at a local radio station as a junior music correspondent, but knew little about the local indie bands. After graduating, she worked at the Democratic National Headquarters in Washington DC. She joined the BBC full-time at the end of 1991.

Downstep
The livestock production segment of Premium Standard Farms involves operations in Missouri and Texas, located on approximately . Its herd size of 221,000 sows can produce about 4.5 million pigs per year; the second largest producer of porcine livestock in the United States.
South Bolivian Quechua generally has a simple CV(C) syllable structure, where the coda consonant is optional. The onset consonant is also optional word-initially, as in the words "ima" "what" and "uk" "one", and Spanish borrowings can contain word-initial consonant clusters of the form CCV(C), as in "bwenos diyas" "good morning". No more than two consonants are allowed in a consonant cluster.
This is a list of members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1996 to 1999, as elected at the 1996 state election:
Son of Albert and Edna Delvina (LaPlante) D'Amours, he married Helen Elizabeth Manning, and they had three children, Susan, Danielle, and Norman. He resides in Arlington, Virginia.
Fourth reading — Genesis 49:1–18.
The National Museum of Romanian History () is a museum on Calea Victoriei in Bucharest, Romania, which contains Romanian 
Election campaign.
Dr. Chud appeared briefly on the television series LA Ink, starring Kat Von D. He received a tattoo of his famous stitches that he usually draws on his chest and back, circling his neck, by tattoo artist Amy Nicoletto. The tattoo was colored with black and gray ink.
In October 1999, 30 young people were arrested for attempting to display posters calling for peaceful economic, political and social change in Laos. Five of them were arrested and subsequently sentenced to up to 10 years imprisonment on charges of treason. One has since died due to his treatment by prison guards, while one has been released. The surviving three men should have been released by October 2009, but their whereabouts remains unknown.

Sandringham Football Club
"Seven News Melbourne" is directed by Simon Pristel and presented by Peter Mitchell on weeknights and Jennifer Keyte on weekends from Broadcast Centre Melbourne. Sport is presented by Tim Watson on weeknights and Sean Sowerby on weekends. Weather is presented by Jo Silvagni on weeknights and Giaan Rooney on weekends.
Australia.
Goher Mumtaz and Atif Aslam met each other while the latter was studying at the PAF College in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan, in 1998.
