

The Ottawa Community Housing Corporation is the result of a merger between Ottawa Housing and City Living which took place in 2004.

The Arctic Lake Plateau is a lava plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Arctic Lake at the south end of Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area.
Camarillo Ranch's white Arabian stallions.
<doc id="19270561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19270561" title="F25">
Over the years he has composed and produced some hits record.
Douthat may refer to:
Vincent Boury, born in 1969, is a French table tennis player.
Dhapa may refer to:
Most services on the line are now operated by Class 150 DMUs, although Class 142 & Class 144 "Pacer" units (the regular booked traction for many years) and Class 153 railcars appear regularly. Class 158 units also make occasional appearances on the route.
Family.
In 1635, in Paris, he published the "Apologia of Apuleius". 
Kitengesa Community Library is a small but very successful library in central Uganda. It is part of the Uganda Community Libraries Association (link) and the Friends of African Village Libraries (link). The library received international attention in October 2010 when BBC correspondent Mike Wooldridge did a special report on it for BBC News (link).
Objectworld Communications Corp was founded in 1994 as ObjectWorld Inc. by Behrouz Poustchi, initially as a consulting company. In 1996, its second employee Robert Turner joined, and other staff were soon added. During these early years, ObjectWorld consulted on and developed telecommunications technology and products (SS7, video conferencing) with clients such as MPR Teltech and the Canadian Research Council. In 1998, ObjectWorld released CallAttendant a home and small-office telephony product and automated telephone answering system that provided sophisticated call-flow definitions using a graphical drag-and-drop user interface. The user interface was unique in that it made advanced telephony answering services accessible to less knowledgeable users without the need for scripting, programming or a detailed understanding of telephony. 
Habitat, flora, and fauna.
Honours.
Pearson was appointed a Companion of the Order of Canada on 28 June 1968. His citation reads:
For two months early in Emperor Daizong's reign, Li Fuguo was exceedingly powerful, so much so that he was telling Emperor Daizong not to bother with any thing and just let him handle the matters of state, and Emperor Daizong gave him chancellor title, as well as several other honorific titles. Cheng was made a commanding general of the imperial guards, but was not satisfied, as he wanted to take over Li Fuguo's power, and therefore he secretly plotted with Emperor Daizong. With cooperation from Cheng, later in summer 762, Emperor Daizong, while creating Li Fuguo a prince, stripped Li Fuguo of his military command and transferred it to Cheng. Li Fuguo was subsequently assassinated on Emperor Daizong's orders, and Emperor Daizong and Cheng governed together.

In 1779, Puerto Ricans fought in the American Revolutionary War under the command of Bernardo de Gálvez, who was named Field Marshal of the Spanish colonial army in North America. Puerto Ricans participated in the capture of Pensacola, the capital of the British colony of West Florida and the cities of Baton Rouge, St. Louis and Mobile. The Puerto Rican troops, commanded by Brigadier General Ramón de Castro, helped defeat the British and Indian army of 2,500 soldiers and British warships in Pensacola.
This resulted in a strong and swift negative reaction from nationalists, especially those in the army, culminating in his assassination in the course of the February 26 Incident. This had a chilling effect on all civilian bureaucrats in the Japanese government. From 1934, the military's dominance of the government continued to grow. Instead of reducing deficit spending, the government introduced price controls and rationing schemes that reduced, but did not eliminate inflation, which would remain a problem until the end of World War II.
Emigration of the Garifuna.
On November 1, 2001, as people's fears that the peso would be devalued caused massive withdrawal of bank deposits and capital flight, de la Rúa's Minister of Economy Domingo Cavallo passed regulations severely limiting withdrawals, effectively freezing the peso-denominated assets of the Argentine middle class, while the dollar-denominated foreign accounts of the wealthy were shielded from devaluation. (The freezing of the bank accounts was informally named "corralito".)
The 1996 UCI Road World Championships took place in Lugano, Switzerland, between October 9 and October 13, 1996. The event consisted of a road race and a time trial for men, women and men under 23.
Details.
Sinking of the Chian-der 3
A unitized regenerative fuel cell (URFC) is a fuel cell based on the proton exchange membrane which can do the electrolysis of water in regenerative mode and function in the other mode as a fuel cell recombining oxygen and hydrogen gas to produce electricity.
Representing the National Country Party (NCP), he defeated Labor's James McMillan Brown in the March 1974 election for the seat of Merredin-Yilgarn.
Coleophora serratella
Since 2011, the year when Troika arrived to Portugal to apply the bailout program, around 300,000-360,000 people have left the country, many of them qualified young people.
The viewing figures for the film were 6.5 million, which is higher than the 6.1 million that the episode of "Midsomer Murders", during which the film ran, received.
From 1982 until 1990 he studied Business Administration and graduated at the Universities of Kiel and Mannheim. After studies he worked as a management consultant for McKinsey & Company in the automotive, assembly and electronics industry.
Following Bartók's lines, in Liszt's "Piano Sonata" the "Andante sostenuto" in F-sharp minor was "of course" banal, the second subject "Cantando espressivo" in D major was sentimentalism, and the "Grandioso" theme was empty pomp. Liszt's Piano Concerto No. 1 in E-flat major was in most parts only empty brilliance and in other parts salon music. The Hungarian Rhapsodies were to be rejected because of the triviality of their melodies.
<doc id="19291327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19291327" title="Canal Saint-Denis">
Azucena (given name)
<doc id="19293133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19293133" title="Crataegus canbyi">
History.
Goldstream River (Vancouver Island)

Agriculture Department teachers Matt Lyons and Nancy Kunk co-sponsor the FFA, which involves about 50 students. These students participate in National FFA week petting zoo, county fair young McDonalds Farm, Adopt a Highway, and Albany Halloween parade. FFA members also participate in contests such as soil judging, small engines, welding, Horse and Pony, Crops, Forestry, landscaping, mechanics, livestock, and dairy.
Target surplus
The small church is that of St. Laurence, ""a parish, in the union of Southwell, S. division of the wapentake of Newark and of the county of Nottingham, 3 miles (S. W.) from Newark; containing 108 inhabitants.""
<doc id="19300740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19300740" title="Peter Good">
The Bürgenstock is a mountain ridge that stretches over 10 km and is surrounded to the North, East and South-East by Lake Lucerne. The northern slope drops very steeply into the lake. On and at the bottom of the southern slope is the township of Ennetbürgen; Stansstad is situated at the bottom of the western end.
The prince's early death (and the later demise of his younger brother) had an enormous impact on Pedro II: on a personal level, on his future conduct as monarch, and on the empire. In his eyes, the deaths of his only sons seemed to presage the end of the imperial system. Although the emperor still had a legal successor in his daughter Isabel, in the male-dominated society of the time he had little confidence that a woman could rule Brazil. He was fond and respectful of the women in his life, but he did not consider it feasible that Isabel could survive as monarch. He did nothing to prepare Isabel for the responsibilities of ascending the throne, nor did he attempt to encourage acceptance of a female ruler among the political class.
