<doc id="1540519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1540519" title="IBM Extended Density Format">



On December 6, 1876, the electors met in the state capitals to cast their ballots. In Florida, Louisiana, and South Carolina, both the Democratic and the Republican slates of electors assembled, and cast conflicting votes. In Oregon, likewise, both Watts and Cronin cast ballots. Thus, from each of these four states, two sets of returns were transmitted to Washington.
In 1170 a fortress was built at Gaza by the Knights Templar, to defend against attacks from Egypt. Miles would not allow the unarmed inhabitants of the city to take shelter inside and many of them were killed when the city was attacked. In 1173 he married Stephanie of Milly, daughter of Philip of Milly and widow of Humphrey III of Toron. Through his marriage to Stephanie, he became lord of the castle of Montréal and Lord of Oultrejordain. The inheritance of Montréal was, however, to prove controversial: Stephanie had gained it on the death of her young niece, Beatrice of Brisebarre. Beatrice's father, Walter III of Brisebarre, had previously been forced to exchange his lordship of Beirut for a money fief; he was compensated for his sister-in-law's inheritance of Montréal with the much-inferior fief of Blanchegarde. The resentment of the Brisebarres may have been a significant factor in Miles's eventual murder.
NT = No tournament<br>
Zhengguo Canal
Although Donaldson never gained the full recognition for his pitching skills during his lifetime and was never admitted into Major League Baseball during his career, he made history by becoming the first full-time black talent scout in the big leagues for the Chicago White Sox of the American League, in 1949, working into the 1950s. He pursued Willie Mays and Ernie Banks for the team and is credited with the signing of several prominent Negro leaguers of the time, including Bob Boyd and Sam Hairston.
USA.
In organizations:
The discrepancy computes the distance of a generator from a uniform one, a low discrepancy means that the sequence generated can be used for cryptographic purposes and the first aim of the Inversive congruential generator is to provide pseudorandom numbers.
Bite marks from tyrannosaur.
Enigma (Vertigo)
When the British returned to the Cape, they formed "The Cape Regiment" in October 1806. Headquartered in Cape Town, it was organized as a typical colonial unit with British officers and Coloured other ranks. In later years, the Regiment also had a troop of light cavalry added.
Honours.
Death.
Foundation and growth.
