One potential disadvantage of the grid leak detector is that the input impedance of the detector may be affected by the need to self bias the detector tube with grid current. Having the grid leak resistor, even in the Megohm range, shunting signal to ground loads the received signal. Although this may be mitigated to some degree by taking the resistor to the top of the tuned circuit (i.e. in parallel with the capacitor) and through the coil to earth, or by circuit design and component optimization, forward grid current will still load the input signal (and reduce the Q of the tuned circuit). Plate detectors have the advantage in that they isolate the detector load from the input circuit more effectively and may be employed where sensitivity is thought to be otherwise compromised by a grid leak or diode detector circuit.
Anne Ursu
DNG is the only raw image format for which industry-wide buy-in is being sought. It is based upon, and compatible with, the ISO standard raw image format ISO 12234-2, TIFF/EP, and is being used by ISO in their revision of that standard.
As of 2013 in the Pacific Northwest of the United States a number of coal terminals such as the Gateway Pacific Terminal in Bellingham, Washington were proposed for export of coal from the Powder River Basin to China. The Gateway Pacific Terminal, if constructed, would be operated by SSA Marine and commence operations in 2016. Of the six proposals, three had been dropped by May 9, 2013. In addition to Gateway Pacific, Millennium Bulk Terminals in Longview, Washington, and Ambre Energy's Morrow Pacific Project in Boardman, Oregon remained under consideration.
Horses are sometimes kept indoors in buildings called either barns or stables. The terms are often used interchangeably; a barn is the more general term for a rural building that houses livestock, the term stable is more often used in urban areas and can be used as a noun to refer to the building that houses horses or the collection of horses themselves, or as a verb to describe the act of keeping horses in a stable. These buildings are usually unheated and well-ventilated; horses may develop respiratory problems when kept in damp or stuffy conditions. Most horse barns have a number of box stalls inside, that allow many horses to be safely stabled together in separate quarters. There are also separate areas or even rooms for feed, equipment and tack storage and, in some large stables, there may be additional facilities such as a veterinary treatment area or a washing area in the building. Barns may be designed to hold one horse in the backyard of a family home, or be a commercial operation capable of holding dozens of animals.
In the 1992 case of Doggett v. United States the United States Supreme Court considered an 8½ year delay between indictment and criminal trial excessive.
The Calnev Pipeline is a long buried refined oil products pipeline in the United States that is owned by Kinder Morgan Energy Partners. The pipeline consists of two parallel lines, the larger, has a diameter of and the smaller one has a diameter of . The lines carry gasoline, jet fuel, and diesel fuel from Los Angeles, California refineries as far as Nellis Air Force Base south of North Las Vegas, Nevada. It carries approximately . Jet fuel from the pipeline is also delivered to the McCarran International Airport tank farm in Paradise. Additional terminal facilities are located in Barstow, California.
As of 1970, First Boston was considered to be part of the bulge bracket along with Morgan Stanley, Dillon Read and Kuhn Loeb.
Clinical exam may reveal sectoral paresis of the iris sphincter or vermiform iris movements. The tonic pupil may become smaller (miotic) over time which is referred to as "little old Adie's". Testing with low dose (1/8%) pilocarpine may constrict the tonic pupil due to cholinergic denervation supersensitivity. A normal pupil will not constrict with the dilute dose of pilocarpine. CT scans and MRI scans may be useful in the diagnostic testing of focal hypoactive reflexes.
Live tours.
Porl King produced one more album (contractually) of 80s new romantic cover versions under the name Rosetta Stone for Cleopatra Records. He then went on to be a remixer and producer, working for the likes of the Mercury Music Award -nominated Elbow and the Fluke side-project Syntax.
<doc id="2960787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2960787" title="Brigadoon (disambiguation)">
A dam was built in the 1920s across the Paulins Kill in Stillwater Township, to create Paulinskill Lake, a narrow, body of water that stretches back into Hampton Township to the north. It was constructed in response to the 1914 establishment of Swartswood State Park, to provide seasonal (summer) housing and recreation for vacationers from the New York metropolitan area. At present, it is a year-round residential community managed by a homeowners association.
Bolsover.

Feeding.
The territory of Whitworth spans the entire length of the Whitworth Valley, an area of . It consists of the areas of Healey, Broadley, Whitworth, Facit and Shawforth that are linked by the A671 road, part of the great turnpike built in the 18th century, together with a number of smaller hamlets now subsumed into the main areas of Whitworth itself. There are several such hamlets now making up parts of Whitworth, such as Cowm Top which was removed to make way for Cowm Reservoir, together with others that have been absorbed by Whitworth and other nearby towns, such as Prickshaw which is now a part of Rochdale.
During Liang Dynasty.
Grade 1-5: (Boys) White Shirt with black pants and tie and black shoes with laces. (Girls) White shalwar kameez with a sash and black shoes with straps.
On 18 October 2013, Worthington had confirmed the rumours of a relationship between fellow Australian, model Lara Bingle and himself.
Tarrant County College

Raider career.
"Suddenly", which only appears on the European edition of the album, is a relatively jazzy track. It's easily comparable to How Could an Angel Break My Heart" and it features the trumpeter Chris Botti. "I Wanna Be (Your Baby)" is a ballad written by Babyface and Daryl Simmon. "Sposed to Be" is a "tranquil song" with a finger snapping groove. The self-recriminating "Stupid" was compared to the work of Anita Baker. "Finally" makes lyrical references to past hits like "Breathe Again". "Shadowless" is an acoustic guitar ballad in which she sings about a love lost and a plea to win it back.
They played for three seasons in the Third Division without distinction. In their last season of Scottish League football (1925–26) they would have finished bottom had Galston not withdrawn halfway through the season. Indeed, the whole division folded at the end of 1925–26, having proved unsustainable due to financial difficulties. This also ended the club's membership of the League.
Private Sector Work (2005-Present).
Usage.

Nueva Palmira is considered the second most important commercial port in Uruguay after the Port of Montevideo and offers docking facility for yachts. There are several beaches along its shore, like Playa Higuerita, Playa Eolo, Playa Corbacho and Playa Los Vascos, while the northern end of the city, along the shore, is a resort called Balneario Brisas del Uruguay.
An expansion analogous to an Engel expansion, in which alternating terms are negative, is called a Pierce expansion.
Battersby was one of the tutors at Clarion South 2007, along with SF writers Robert Hood, Simon Brown, Margo Lanagan and Kelly Link; and editor Gardner Dozois.
According to the description on , the temple was first built in 686 and dedicated to Emperor Temmu, who was suffering from a disease. Later in the year 727, the temple was further expanded by order of Emperor Shōmu and the statue of the eleven-faced Kannon was placed near the original temple that enshrined the bronze plaque.
Coustas appeared on the popular television sitcom "Acropolis Now", from 1989 until 1992, in the role of Effie Stephanidis.
"Fisher brought a vocal dynamism and character that livened up the band's six-year-old sound. Fisher's ability to match the musical intensity and rhythm of Vile's more complicated assemblages of riffs created a more sophisticated yet equally tortuous essence." "Tracks like 'Devoured by Vermin' and 'Bloodlands' feature more complex, focused, and just plain interesting musical ideas as well as precise execution. Fans of death metal who haven't yet discovered Cannibal Corpse would be wise to give Vile an open-minded listen".
In 1992, Gould took over as coach of New South Wales in the State of Origin series. Gould is credited with instilling in Blues players a pride for the NSW jumper which previously hadn't matched the Queenslanders' renowned passion. The Blues were victorious for the next three series. In 1995, at the start of the Super League war, Gould's NSW side lost 3–0 to the Paul Vautin-coached team of relative unknowns patched together from the ranks of Queenlanders loyal to the ARL. The following year, NSW completed a series whitewash of its own with the Brad Fittler-captained Blues becoming the first and only team to go through a series with the same unchanged squad of 17 players. Gould then stood down, having inspired four NSW series wins in five years.
<doc id="2969467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2969467" title="Keating">
Species which feed on "Corylus" among other plants:
Tai Po, called Big Step in the pass. The name of Big Step is because that Tai Po was a big forest and there were many beasts lived in here. Many walkers walked quickly to avoid attack from the beasts. Therefore, the residents called this place 'Big Step'. Subsequently, the government beautified big Step to Tai Po.
The Ottawa Auditorium, was a 7,500 seat arena located in Ottawa, Ontario. It was located in Downtown Ottawa at the corner of O'Connor and Argyle Streets, today the site of the Ottawa YMCA. Built primarily for ice hockey, the arena was also used for sports events, assemblies and musical concerts.
Jie himself escaped and fled to Sanzong. The Shang forces under their general Wuzi pursued Jie to Cheng, captured him at Jiaomen, and deposed him, bringing the Xia dynasty to an end. Eventually, Jie was exiled in Nanchao. Jie would eventually die of illness. Tang succeeded as paramount King by Tang, who inaugurated the Shang dynasty.

These teams were relegated to the Portuguese Second Division of Honour at the end of the season:
Edeet Ravel is an Israeli-Canadian novelist born in Israel and raised in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. She currently lives in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
In July 2006 one of Roy E. Disney's daughters, Abigail, became Vice Chairman of Shamrock. In October, Shamrock Activist Value Fund sued IPass, a SH holding, to turn over board room records over failure to fire their CEO and mismanagement of a take over.
Aviator.
The Republic (newspaper)
The work is compiled on descriptive principles: only words and expressions that are attested in context are included. "It was chiefly based on combing modern works of Arabic literature for lexical items, rather than culling them from medieval Arabic dictionaries, which was what Lane had done in the nineteenth century".
Academic achievement.
The Sportgymnasium is a school of the gymnasium-type, usually a boarding school, that has its main focus on sport. The Skigymnasium has a focus on skiing.
Passenger services are provided by Arriva Trains Wales.

The Treasurer, in the throne room, tells the player the fund reserve in his or her castle treasury. Development of new equipment and spells, and establishment of services in Avalon will consume funds. The Treasurer also fills the Emperor with walking about funds if the player needs it. Also in the throne room is the Accountant. He tells the player how much money he or she collects per battle. When the player controls more land on the map, the amount increases. In the southeast corner of the throne room is the Chancellor. He tells the player what problems need to be solved in the world and where to solve them. Solving the problems he points out aids the player to advance to the next generation. The Fighters are the default characters that join the player early in the game. They are not the best characters, but as the player advances through the game, he or she will get other characters who specialize in areas that the Fighters are weak in. The Formation Soldiers demonstrate any battle formations the player happens to know and will collaborate with the player to make new formations. If the heir the player chooses knows a formation, it is recommended that the player consult the Formation Soldiers.
In 2003, he was listed at #53 on "Rolling Stone"'s "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".
The M1 mortar is an American 81 millimeter caliber mortar. It was based on the French Brandt mortar. The M1 mortar was used from World War II until the 1950s when it was replaced by the lighter and longer ranged M29 mortar.


The finest support player the game has seen played a record 349 first grade games (88 at Western Suburbs, 261 at Canterbury-Bankstown). He also scored 164 first grade tries, a mark bettered only by Andrew Ettingshausen (165), Steve Menzies (180) and Ken Irvine (212).
Annual Passholder premiere.
<doc id="2977925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2977925" title="Charles Étienne Louis Camus">
On November 16, 1985, Pope John Paul II declared St Rafqa Al Rayess a blessed and on June 10, 2001, he elevated her to the rank of saint at a solemn ceremony in the Vatican.
