Several witnesses were LaRouche followers who testified under immunity from prosecution. A former fundraiser testified that he was told, "No matter what the person you are talking to says, get the money. [...] If you are talking to an unemployed worker who says he has got to feed ... a dozen children, forget it. Get the money. Most of these people are immoral anyway. This is the most moral thing they have ever done is to give you money."
The Anti-Defamation Commission of the Australian branch of B'nai B'rith (a body similar to the Anti-Defamation League in the United States) has published a Briefing Paper with details of the CEC's alleged antisemitic, anti-gay, anti-Aboriginal and racist underpinnings. The document cites CEC publications and quotes former CEC members. The CEC in turn has published a response to the ADC's accusations and described the ADC "as a front for Queen Elizabeth's Privy Council, the ruling body of the British Commonwealth." This allegation, that there is a link between the ADC and the alleged power of the Privy Council, has been attributed to the fact that Sir Zelman Cowen, a former Governor-General of Australia and a member of the Privy Council, is a member of the ADC's board of advisors.
Honors and awards.
Private bodies.
VGA Planets
above) have FMP.
<doc id="912128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=912128" title="Microsome">
Order of battle.
In Greek mythology, Oeonus was a son of Licymnius who accompanied Hercules. He was killed in Sparta in Hercules's company. Hercules had promised Licymmius that he would bring back his son, and so, when Oeonus died, Hercules burned his body and took the ashes back to the father. This is supposed to be the origin of the Greek practice of cremation.
History.
Background.

The Reparations Agreement with Germany, signed by the David Ben-Gurion government in 1952, was the focus of intense political controversy, and the protest demonstrations led by then opposition leader Menachem Begin turned into pitched battles with the police. In the early 1960s, the Eichmann Trial brought the horrors and traumas of the Holocaust to the center of public consciousness. The establishment of diplomatic relations between Israel and West Germany in 1966 entailed a new wave of protests and demonstrations, though less violent than those of 1952.
DNS denotes did not start.<br>
Marriage and family.
The species most frequently adopted as a state reptile is the painted turtle, with four states designating it: Colorado (the western subspecies), Illinois, Michigan, and Vermont. Three southern states—Florida, Louisiana, and Mississippi—represent themselves with the American alligator. A species of box turtle, "Terrapene carolina" or common box turtle, has been chosen by three states, with North Carolina and Tennessee using the "Terrapene carolina carolina" (eastern box turtle) subspecies, and with Missouri using the "Terrapene carolina triungus" (three-toed box turtle) subspecies. Two bordering western states, California and Nevada, chose the desert tortoise. The loggerhead sea turtle was named by South Carolina as state reptile, while Florida chose it as state "saltwater" reptile. Florida also named an official tortoise, the gopher tortoise, the same animal as Georgia's state reptile.

Weightlifting.

On November 19, 2012, O.A.R. released a live CD/DVD entitled "Live on Red Rocks", which consists of footage and music from their performance at Red Rocks Amphitheater on their 2012 summer tour.

2000s.
Singapore.
The Elm and the Vine
His number of appearances were heavily reduced due to picking up several injuries on different occasions. But as a result of Leeds' financial problems Woodgate was sold to Newcastle to raise some much needed funds. He was described as the club's 'jewel in the crown' and his sale caused anger for many Leeds United fans as Peter Ridsdale revealed the perilous financial situation at the club. The sale also led to the dismissal of Terry Venables who disagreed with Woodgate's departure.
<doc id="914908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=914908" title="Risk compensation">
Instrumentation.
Xi Kappa Chi was originally established at Dartmouth in 1980 as the Zeta Mu chapter of Alpha Chi Omega, a national sorority. The sorority dissociated from the national organization in 1990 and became a local sorority named Xi Kappa Chi. Faced with low membership in 1993, the local sorority considered an affiliation with Phi Mu, a national sorority, as a possibility of attracting more new members hesitant to rush a small local sorority. The Phi Mu national organization sent representatives to Dartmouth in April, 1993, but based on their report, the Phi Mu national council voted against a Dartmouth chapter. Xi Kappa Chi was dissolved by the Dartmouth Panhellenic Council in 1993.
Weir initially kept McLean as Provincial Secretary and Public Works Minister, but shifted him to the Ministry of Transportation on 24 September 1968.
Intraparty activity.
Broder was called “relentlessly centrist” by "The New Yorker"'s political commentator Hendrik Hertzberg. Frank Rich of "The New York Times" often described Broder as the nation’s “bloviator in chief.”
As the decades passed, the weekly newspaper, released every Thursday and distributed both on the Internet and to Harvard College student dormitories, the format morphed to that of an alternative weekly rather than a standard newspaper, with illustrated covers and four main sections: News, Sports, Arts, and the Forum (Op-Ed) section. In addition, the Independent also has several themed issues each year, including the annual The Game issue for the Harvard-Yale game, the literary issue, and the Sex Issue, featuring the results of a campus-wide anonymous survey on sexual practices and opinions at Harvard.
Welterweight.
<doc id="916270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=916270" title="Keratin 1">
Medal table.

In April 2006 it was publicly announced that Lee was being treated for acute myeloid leukemia. A tribute fund was set up shortly after the announcement, with a series of benefit concerts to be performed to help pay medical bills. The most notable of these concerts was produced by Steve Weitzman of SW Productions at New York's Beacon Theater on June 23, 2006, and featured Robert Plant, Ian Hunter, Ryan Adams, Nils Lofgren, Yo La Tengo, Garland Jeffreys, Johnny Echols (Love's original lead guitarist) and Flashy Python & The Body Snatchers (featuring Alec Ounsworth of Clap Your Hands Say Yeah). Backed by Ian Hunter's band, Plant performed 12 songs, including five Led Zeppelin songs and five recorded by Love in the 60s ("7 and 7 Is", "A House Is Not A Motel", "Bummer In The Summer", "Old Man" and "Hey Joe"). A benefit concert was held in far off Dublin, Ireland.
The Massif is popular for hiking and climbing, and has several mountain huts scattered across it which are maintained by the Malawi Mountain Club and the Malawi Forestry Department. Sapitwa peak was first climbed in 1894, and is now the most popular climb on the plateau.
Leaving Fox in 1957, he served as editorial supervisor on several film and television projects ("The Bachelor Party", "Kings Go Forth", "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet") and, by 1959, returned as a full-time editor in features and TV episodes, with credits on the independent science fiction production, "4D Man", along with at least eight installments of the hit ABC crime drama, "The Untouchables".
Toxicology and safety.

The Reparations Agreement between Israel and West Germany (German: "Luxemburger Abkommen", Hebrew: "הסכם השילומים" "Heskem HaShillumim") was signed on September 10, 1952, and entered in force on March 27, 1953. According to the Agreement, West Germany was to pay Israel for the slave labor and persecution of Jews during the Holocaust, and to compensate for Jewish property that was stolen by the Nazis.
