About 1780 a wooden railway was built from the Low Moor mines to the coal yard in the centre of Bradford, from where the coal could be carried via the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. Soon after, Leeds went bankrupt.
Today only two portions of the Tampa Southern Railroad remain. The most notable segment remaining is the portion from Tampa to Bradenton (to a point near the Tropicana Juice Plant). A vast majority of this portion comprises CSX’s Palmetto Subdivision, with the northernmost five miles being part of the Tampa Terminal Subdivision. Tropicana’s Juice Train continues to be the most consistent service on the line today. 
Imam of the Mosque Rahmaniya.
Birubari is a locality of Guwahati, Assam, India. It is surrounded by localities of Rupnagar and Bhangagarh.
Félix Regnault (17 June 1863 in Rennes – 4 October 1938) was a French physician, anthropologist and prehistorian.
Dedham High School
<doc id="40240569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40240569" title="Strathy Hall">
Shur Ab (, also Romanized as Shūr Āb) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 301, in 68 families. 
During the First World War, he joined the Royal Flying Corps, became a lieutenant colonel and was awarded an OBE in 1918. He set up in business as a stockbroker under the name of Harcourt Gold & Co.
The board hires the CEO who is responsible for the operations of UCT's home office. The CEO and the rest of the Senior Management team oversee insurance operations and Frateral operations in the home office in Columbus and the Canadian office in Calgary.
Cats have been venerated in the Near East since antiquity, a tradition adopted by Islam, albeit in a much modified form. According to Hadiths, Muhammad prohibited the persecution and killing of cats.

The Museum of Anthropology () is a museum in Da'an District, Taipei, Taiwan. The museum is located at National Taiwan University.
<doc id="40246613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40246613" title="Terahertz gap">
