
Arshaluys ( – meaning "dawn", also Romanized as Arshaluis; formerly, Körpalu and Kyorpalu) is a town in the Armavir province of Armenia. Two km south of town is the Saint Karapet shrine of the 14th to 18th century, formerly a pilgrimage site.
Stockley's work first attracted public interest when he was exhibited in a one man show by Lucy Wertheim at her Gallery in Burlington Gardens. These paintings were principally concerned with scenes from The Pilgrim's Progress; the artist was named as Busdriver' Stockley. Lucy Carrington Wertheim, wife of Paul Wertheim, the Dutch Consul in Manchester, was already interested in naive art, as she called it, and was collecting work by Wallis and Vivin 1992; Wertheim, 1947:26. Her encounter with Henry Stockley is memorably told in her autobiography, "Adventure in Art" 1947:37–38: 
Ballyguyroe (Irish "Baile an Ghaill Rua", Town of the Red Foreigner/Frenchman/Norman. Spellings also in use: "Ballinguyroe" and "Ballinguiroe". Pronounced locally as ""Ballinguyroo""), North and South are rural townloads of Farahy in the southern foothills of the Ballyhoura Mountains in north County Cork, Ireland.
Edmonds chose to write under a pseudonym because she was publicity-shy. John Ritchie's entry in the Australian Dictionary of Biography describes her as plump, round-faced, with "narrow, grey-blue eyes, 'wavy, light brown hair streaked with grey', and deeply-graven lines at the corners of her mouth". Caddie Edmonds died of a heart attack on 16 April 1960 at her home in Regentville in Sydney. She was buried in Penrith General Cemetery and was survived by a son and a daughter.
In 1950, Monroe earned critical attention for her performances in "The Asphalt Jungle" for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and "All About Eve" for 20th Century-Fox. And although the roles were small, she earned a longer contract with Fox starting at $500 a week. She played dumb blondes in several quick comedies, but, in 1952, she played her first starring role in the film noir "Don't Bother to Knock" and appeared in "Monkey Business" (1952), with Ginger Rogers and Cary Grant. Monroe's major breakthrough came in the 1953 Technicolor film noir, "Niagara", alongside Joseph Cotten and Jean Peters. She would go on to star in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" (1953) with Jane Russell (in which Monroe was nominated for a Golden Globe Award); "How to Marry a Millionaire" (1953) with Betty Grable and Lauren Bacall; "River of No Return" (1954) with Robert Mitchum; and "There's No Business Like Show Business" (1954), with Ethel Merman, Dan Dailey and Donald O'Connor. Her white dress scene in 1955's "The Seven Year Itch" is considered iconic and has been parodied.
Although not a bad car for its type, the design of the cars was more representative of cars from the period 1900-1905, and even some experimental models from the 1890s. Motor buggys were already becoming somewhat unfashionable during the period when they were sold by Sears (1908–1912). By that time, the market had mostly moved toward cars with more powerful engines and the ability to be driven comfortably at a higher speed. The catalog claimed a top speed of 25 mph for the Motor Buggy, which would have meant a comfortable cruising speed of 15 mph or so. Many competing cars of the period, such as the early Ford Model T, Buick, Maxwell, Franklin, and others were capable of top speeds of 45 mph or more, with cruising speeds equal to or greater than the 25 mph top speed of the Motor Buggy.
Martainneville is situated on the D190 road, some southwest of Abbeville.
Periander killed his wife Melissa. His son Lycopron found out and shunned him, and Periander exiled the son to Corcyra.
