Lockheed also modified an M2A2 105mm Light Howitzer from 1969-1977 with a drive unit and tri-star wheel system into an Auxiliary Propelled Howitzer they termed "Terra Star." The only surviving prototype is located at the Rock Island Arsenal Museum
<doc id="3611754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3611754" title="MS München">
In 910, Alfonso III the Great was forced to abdicate in favor of his sons, who partitioned the kingdom. This resulted in a briefly independent kingdom of Galicia:

Primary school is designed for children ages 7 to 12. The Senegalese primary education system divides six years of study into three cycles of two years that culminate in the successful completion of the CFEE (Certificate of Elementary Completion) and an entrance test into the next cycle of education. For children enrolled in the education system, attendance is mandatory until the completion of second year elementary course. Article 11, law n° 91-22 dating February 16th 1991 states the Senegalese primary education goals. The curriculum places an emphasis on French grammar and reading, math and science, and geography, with less time being dedicated to arts education.
He rode the Giro d'Italia from 1950–1952, placing fourth once, and third twice. Kubler abandoned the 1947 and 1949 Tours de France, despite an early stage win in each. In the 1950 Tour, he benefited from the absence of Fausto Coppi, sidelined after a crash in the Giro. Overcoming Gino Bartali, Kubler became champion by over nine minutes, also winning three stages. In the 1954 Tour, Kubler won the points jersey and came second behind Louison Bobet.
In his first Tour De France in 1909, he abandoned early due to wintery conditions during the month of July, but not before
Athol Park is serviced by Hanson Road, and Grand Junction Road, which forms its eastern boundary.
Aregado Mantenque Té
His first regular on-air role for the station was co-hosting the gardening 'phone-in with green-fingered broadcast veteran Bob Collard. Ian later joined the station's weekday line up presenting afternoons including the consumer phone-ins. He also presented the station's news drive programme and in 1995 launched the brand new early breakfast show, the Early Riser, BBC Radio Kent's first ever local early morning show starting at 5am. But his unique and occasionally off the wall style flourished when hosting the late night 'phone-in, Mac 'til Midnight, a role he inherited following the departure from the station of former Radio One presenter, Adrian John.
