
Orogenia fusiformis
People.
<doc id="25320553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25320553" title="Chile women's national handball team">

The St. Bede Hall (college building) was constructed in March 1996 and inaugurated on July 1, 1997 in time for the institution's silver jubilee.
Tipperary manager Liam Sheedy was delighted with his teams performance saying "Powerful. Great bunch. they are three years in the journey, there has been a lot of twists and turns and highs and lows. First week in June and a lot of people said we didn’t do qualifiers. I think we saw today what this team could do. We felt today that we were in a very good position. Whether you like it or not, five-in-a-row brings its own pressures. We needed 33 players to do this. I am delighted for that group because I feel they have shipped a lot of criticism unfairly. I am a Tipperary man and a proud one and we put everything we had into this".
Korean War.
<doc id="25325362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25325362" title="Olympic Conference">
Background.
At the end of the uprising, over two hundred people were estimated to have been killed by the police, a huge number wounded and some student activists detained. Olawepo was clamped into detention for four months in solitary confinement under the Detention of Persons Decree No. 2 of 1984 as amended. It was detention without trial. He was released after an epic legal battle led by his counsel, the late President of the Nigeria Bar Association Alao Aka-Bashorun [http://www.dawodu.com/falana3.htm], and an international campaign co-ordinated by the International Union of Students, World Federation of Democratic Youth, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. The Amnesty International declared him a '’Prisoner of conscience'’ in 1989. His case and that of Gbenga Komolafe adjudicated on by Justice Tajudeen Odunowo became the Loco classicos in Nigeria's legal history as it was the first time a court would order the release of a detainee under the draconian Detention of Persons Security Decree No.2.
<doc id="25327905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25327905" title="Middle Amherst Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Lorena Briceño
On the 14 October 1918, U-139 attacked the Portuguese civilian steamer SS "São Miguel", which was being escorted by the Portuguese Navy small naval trawler NRP "Augusto de Castilho" in the Atlantic Ocean. The "Augusto Castilho" covered the escape of the "São Miguel" by engaging U-139 for several hours, until being destroyed.

At conception, the University was to be located within Akwa Ibom State's Technology Triangle at the so-called University Town. However, the current administration of the Akwa Ibom State Government have successfully changed the enabling law of the university into a multi-campus Institution with the Main Campus situated at Ikot Akpaden, Mkpat Enin L.G.A and satellite campuses situated at Obio Akpa, Oruk Anam L.G.A and Afaha Nsit, Etinan L.G.A. The vision and strategic goals of the university have also been modified by the present administration of the State Government in order to transform the University into a conventional university whose focus is not just Technology and Applied Science but also Arts. In line with this proposed transformation, there have been some attempts at changing the name of the Institution from Akwa Ibom State University of Technology (AKUTECH) to Akwa Ibom State University (AKSU). However, this change is yet to be ratified by the Akwa Ibom State House of Assembly.
After the war he was assigned as Chairman of the War Assets Corporation, responsible for disposing of the surplus of wartime bases, supplies and equipment, where he served until his 1946 retirement.
Jain Heritage.
Bacon Peak
Minobu Jinkyoen Hospital.
The stock-market crash of 1929 and ensuing Great Depression—combined with several unsuccessful seasons of stage productions and a variety of messy lawsuits—devastated Flo Ziegfeld's finances, and he died in July 1932. This heavily impacted Alfred Cheney Johnston's career, and likely led to his relocation to Connecticut at the end of the decade. Although he briefly operated two successive commercial photo studios there in the late 1940s/early 1950s, neither was apparently successful. It is believed that he did also continue his nude/glamour portrait work in a large converted barn/studio on his property, working with a new generation of "post-Ziegfeld" female models and stubbornly continuing to use his massive 11x14-inch view camera.
The objectives of a networked music performance can be summarized as:
The complex of traditional architecture is located in the historical Tibetan region of Kham. The monastery is home to about 80 Buddhist monks.
<doc id="25338591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25338591" title="Chuvash Wikipedia">
Release and rights.
<doc id="25340350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25340350" title="Omkarnath Thakur">
2012 GECU Annual Report
Possible influence from Aristotle.
Jacques Couëlle
3. Hoffman, Iowa<br> 
Formes's own "Memoirs", first published in 1888, may not be entirely trustworthy. Charles Santley recorded that Formes was a great teller of stories, 'much after the style of Baron Münchhausen'.


Distribution.
14 teams from Slovenia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Serbia participated in the NLB League in its seventh season: Union Olimpija, Helios, Geoplin Slovan, Cibona, Zadar, Zagreb, Split, Široki ERONET, Crvena zvezda, Partizan, Hemofarm, FMP, Vojvodina and Budućnost.
