<doc id="16743285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16743285" title="Roald Åsmund Bye">
During British rule the city of Hyderabad, Sindh became the headquarters of Hyderabad Taluka - and for a time was part of the Bombay Presidency of British India.

Greeks in Saudi Arabia
Photographer – Steve Dock
Blood Covenant is an Indian metal band, considered the pioneers of metal in South India from Chennai, formed in 2005. The band was a major force in the death metal, thrash metal and christian metal genres in India starting from the late 1990s because of its vocalist Eddie's earlier bands like Bonesaw. Their later experiments draw influence from black metal. Currently the band's sound is a mix of Swedish death metal and Brazilian thrash metal forming into Blood Covenant's own thrash/death style. The band's current line up consists of vocalist Eddie Prithviraj, guitarist Ronald Nathanael, bassist Sibi Boycott Walter and drummer Brijesh Sereno.
<doc id="16749126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16749126" title="Skåne (disambiguation)">
His career in journalism began in 1935 when he joined the "News Chronicle". He covered the Spanish Civil War from Madrid, then went to Vienna and Paris for the "Daily Express" in which he broke the news in 1939 that British troops had arrived in France. He then covered the Winter War from Finland; while critical of the Soviet attack on Finland he foresaw that the Red Army would defeat the Germans.

Gay and Lesbian Equality Network
<doc id="16753658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16753658" title="Greg Davis (musician)">

The expressway is 4 lanes from Murata Junction to Yamagata Junction and 2 lanes for all other sections. The speed limit is 80 km/h for the 4-laned section and 70 km/h for the 2-laned sections.

Furnari served as a Commissioner and Mayor of Nutley, New Jersey from 1996 to 2003, was Nutley Township Attorney from 1995 to 1996, and was Nutley Township Municipal Prosecutor from 1986 to 1988, and again from 1992 to 1995.
Three-year residency programme is available in the following super-specialties:

Gorenje Karteljevo is a settlement in the hills north of the town of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia. The entire Municipality of Novo Mesto is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region.
Church.
Staff and instructional appointments.
Durman is a town in north-west Tajikistan. It is located in Sughd province. 

"Nehirim." Nehirim is a national LGBT Jewish organization.

As recounted in Lawrence Weschler's book "Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder", Museum of Jurassic Technology founder David Hildebrand Wilson learned about Sandaldjian from a museum visitor, and began visiting him at his home in Montebello, California. Wilson, who described the artist as "a very calm man", eventually decided to give Sandaldjian a show at the museum, but when he called Sandaldjian to tell him, Wilson learned that the artist had died only 10 days earlier. Weschler also relates that his initial doubts about the veracity of the museum's Sandaldjian exhibit were allayed when he located Sandaldjian's son in Montebello, who confirmed details about how his father worked, and also told Wechsler about the tradition of microminiature art in Armenia.
The soil is of a varied composition and in large areas is very fertile, especially in the south. However, the Upper Peninsula for the most part is rocky and mountainous, and the soil is unsuitable for agriculture. The climate is tempered by the proximity of the lakes and is much milder than in other locales with the same latitude. The principal forest trees include basswood, maple, elm, sassafras, butternut, walnut, poplar, hickory, oak, willow, pine, birch, beech, hemlock, witchhazel, tamarack, cedar, locust, dogwood, and ash.
