Eskandar (, also Romanized as Iskāndar) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 163, in 44 families. 



In 1989, one of the first Human Genome Project grants went to Waterston and Sulston to begin the sequencing of the worm genome. They were so successful that at the same time that the Wellcome Trust established the Sanger Centre with Sulston at its head, Waterston received funding from the National Human Genome Research Institute to undertake large-scale human sequencing at his Washington University lab. The partnership became the first to complete the sequence of a multicellular organism when the worm genome was published in December 1998, and both labs played key roles in the sequencing of the human genome, with Waterston’s lab contributing more of the finished sequence than any other US lab. The partnership went on have leading roles in the sequencing of both the mouse and chimpanzee genomes. 
<doc id="35857254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35857254" title="Bayou virus">
In 2013, "House Husbands" won the Most Popular Drama Series accolade at the Logie Awards. Dirani and Morris were nominated for Most Popular Actor and Most Popular Actress, while Edwina Royce earned a nomination for Most Popular New Female Talent. The following year, Morris was again nominated for Most Popular Actress, while the show was nominated for Most Popular Drama Program.
The company under its subsidiary name SEREAL Basket is also the official trading card producer of Lithuanian Basketball League.

Game 2.

By 1990, it was elected "Southern Living"'s favorite recipe in 1990, and has been noted as the most requested recipe in the magazine's history. The cake typically has two or three layers with pecans (or walnuts), mashed bananas, crushed pineapple and cream cheese frosting.
Sutton & Hollesley Commons is reserve near Woodbridge in the county of Suffolk, England. Suffolk Wildlife Trust owns and manages this reserve. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and a Natura 2000 site. It is 988 acres (400 hectares).
