All of the sets in the episode were created by Corey Kaplan. Roe, meanwhile, was in charge of the cinematography. Spotnitz complimented Rob Bowman's direction in this episode. However, he had a problem with the scene in which one of the Syndicate members changes into an alien rebel, reasoning that this was because the effect had been created on such short notice. He explained, "It was one of those cases where you just run out of time, sorry to say". He later expressed a desire to one day go back and "fix" the effect.
<doc id="15410978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15410978" title="Harrison Afful">
Carl Björkman (December 31, 1869 – February 4, 1960) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Rutnam is planning the production of "Outcast", based on the Joseph Conrad novel and "Toomai of the Elephants" based on the Rudyard Kipling's "Jungle Book".
Mélange is the annual Management festival of DDUC organized by the Department of Business Studies, which brings together students from various parts of India on a common platform for management activities. Events at Mélange include B-Plan competitions, Business Quiz, Debating, Ad-Making, LAN Gaming, Futsal etc. Over the years, Melange has come up to be the biggest Departmental festival in the University of Delhi, witnessing star performances by Aditi Singh Sharma (Groove Adda), Deep Money & Fire on Dawson to name a few.


Neuville-sur-Margival
Sainte-Preuve
The remnants of Govan's Brigade that survived the Tennessee Campaign remained with the Army of Tennessee through its final engagements in the 1865 Carolinas Campaign. The Confederacy had only one medal for valor, the Confederate Medal of Honor (a.k.a. Southern Cross of Honor). Twenty seven soldiers of the 1st Arkansas Infantry were awarded the medal, although the Confederacy lacked the funds to manufacture the actual medals. The 1st Arkansas Infantry took part in the following engagements:
<doc id="15415125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15415125" title="Franchesse">

Natural and technological risks.
Mallefougasse-Augès is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
The University of Oregon named its folklore archives in honor of Mills. The Randall V. Mills Archives of Northwest Folklore, established in 1966, serve as a repository for information collected in Oregon by scholars and students of folklore. The archives are the largest facility of their kind in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. During his life, Mills assembled a collection of photographic negatives and prints of photographs depicting covered bridges and steamship captains in Oregon and railroad locomotives and cars in the western United States. This collection is now held by the University of Oregon.

The Harmony Society, on the other hand, in Old Economy Village, Pennsylvania, lasted until 1905. It was dissolved in 1906.
Den Haag Laan van NOI railway station is a railway station in the Netherlands, on the border between The Hague and the town of Voorburg. It is served by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen (Dutch railway) and by the RandstadRail light-rail network. The station is named after the road on which it is located, "Laan van Nieuw Oost-Indië", which literally translates as New East Indies Road, but probably refers to a former inn called Nieuw Oosteinde (New East End).
<doc id="15419185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15419185" title="MYADM">
Her Far Eastern voyage in 1941 proved eventful. On 28 April 1941, "George G. Henry" sailed from New York; she subsequently loaded a cargo of petroleum products at Aruba, in the Netherlands West Indies, early in May and — after discharging that cargo at Balboa, Canal Zone, and at the ports of Golfito and Quepos Point, Costa Rica — proceeded to San Pedro, California There, she loaded a cargo earmarked for Far Eastern ports. She touched at Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, to top off her own fuel bunkers and then pushed on to the Philippines, reaching Manila on 29 June, a little over two months out of New York.
WKOL
"Killer" won the Un Certain Regard Award at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. At the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, it won the Don Quijote Award - Special Mention and was nominated for the Crystal Globe.

The group has had more than twenty hits in the Southern gospel field, including "Antioch Church Choir", "Double Dose", "Don't Point a Finger", and "Jesus In My Boat". The group has released a large number of albums and numerous VHS videos and DVD's. They have also won countless awards and even received a Grammy nomination. 
After serving as the MCM's cultural and intercultural affairs adviser for six years, she ran in 1994 and was elected councilor for Mile End, Having left the MCM in 1997 she joined Jean Doré's Equipe Montréal and was re-elected in 1998.

<doc id="15427386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15427386" title="Alberto Villoldo">
