An antiaromatic compound may demonstrate its antiaromaticity both kinetically and thermodynamically. As will be discussed later, antiaromatic compounds experience exceptionally high chemical reactivity (being highly reactive is not “indicative” of an antiaromatic compound, it merely suggests that the compound could be antiaromatic). An antiaromatic compound may also be recognized thermodynamically by measuring the energy of the cyclic conjugated π electron system. In an antiaromatic compound, the amount of conjugation energy in the molecule will be significantly higher than in an appropriate reference compound.
Grain.
<doc id="924051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=924051" title="Schwarze Kapelle">
Money contributed to campaigns can be classified into "hard money" and "soft money". Hard money is money contributed directly to a campaign, by an individual or organization. Soft money is money from an individual or organization not contributed to a campaign, but spent in candidate specific advertising or other efforts that benefits that candidate by groups supporting the candidate, but legally not coordinated by the official campaign. 
Freeholder may refer to:
Opposing to storing nuclear waste in Mongolia, Elbegdorj said "We ... firmly oppose to storing nuclear waste on Mongolian soil," in his speech at the High-Level Meeting on the Rule of Law of the 67th session of the United Nations General Assembly on 24 September 2012. Before, he noted it in his speech at the General Debate of the 66th session of the United Nations General Assembly on 21 September 2011.
National Consumer Law Center
Pedestrian malls in the United States are also known as pedestrian streets and are the most common form of pedestrian zone in large cities in the United States. It is a street lined with storefronts and closed off to most automobile traffic. Emergency vehicles have access at all times and delivery vehicles are restricted to either limited delivery hours or entrances on side streets.
Petroglyph National Monument
Devanagari orthography.
Elections in Indonesia have taken place since 1955 to elect a legislature. At a national level, Indonesian people did not elect a head of state – the president – until 2004. Since then, the president is elected for a five-year term, as are the 550-member People's Representative Council ("Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat", DPR) and the 128-seat Regional Representative Council ("Dewan Perwakilan Daerah").
East Asian gardens.
Chapel Allerton Hospital is found in the area, and is one of Leeds' main hospitals, though it does not have an Accident and Emergency department.
It was announced on 4 June, that "Most Haunted" will return to TV in August 2014 with a new 10 part series to air on the Freeview channel, Really. Yvette Fielding is confirmed to be returning to the show along with Karl Beattie. Former team members Stuart Torevelle, Chris Burton and Fred Batt are also due to appear.
After ABC was sold to MCA Records in 1979, MCA briefly operated an MCA/Songbird label with new signings including Little Anthony of Little Anthony & The Imperials and Dan Peek formerly of the group, America, the previous rosters of both ABC/Peacock and ABC/Songbird having been dropped. MCA would later reissue several Peacock and Song Bird/Songbird albums. Along with the MCA back catalog, the Peacock and Song Bird masters are now controlled by the Geffen Records unit of Universal Music Group.
<doc id="926134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=926134" title="Bluesway Records">
Summer camps in India are primarily located in the Himalayas in Northern India in the state of Uttarakhand in places like Uroli near Ranikhet, near the Tons river in Purola, near the Ganges in Rishikesh, in Uttarkashi where many peaks like Darba top are located, and in the Shimla region in Himachal Pradesh. In South India summer camps are popular in Coorg in the state of Karnataka and in Yercaud in the state of Tamil Nadu. Activities in summer camps in India include rock climbing, back packing, mountain biking, white water rafting, trekking, ropes, and wilderness craft. Many pre-schools in India such as AppleKids conduct extensive Summer Camps for Kids of age 2 to 12 years. [http://www.kamathresidency.com/blog/miss-not-this-summer-camp-at-resort-near-mumbai Adventure activities for kids are also popular at the summer camps for age groups of 7 to 18 years. Summer camps focusing on wildlife conservation are getting popular over the years. Many of these summer camps are also held in and around metros like Bangalore, Mumbai Chennai, Kolkatta and Pune.
