Puste Łąki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wyszków and north-east of Warsaw.


Rawica-Kolonia
<doc id="19956723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19956723" title="Lisiny, Masovian Voivodeship">
<br>
<br>

The Church was dedicated to the memory of King Charles I, who was executed on 31 January 1649 after the English Civil War (1642-1646). At the end of the war his heir, later Charles II, fled into exile via Pendennis Castle, a mile or so from where the church now stands, and planned to build "a chapel for public worship ... and when the wars ceased, to send an able and conscientious chaplain to preach God's word therein". Following the Restoration of the Monarchy however, it was Sir Peter Killigrew, of the nearby Arwenack Manor, who, having a long-standing ambition to found a town and a church on the Haven, sent an emissary to the King in London in 1660, seeking the grant of a Charter for the new town of Falmouth. He also offered land for a church, parsonage and churchyard if the King would sponsor the project. Owing partly, perhaps, to his diplomatic dedication of his new church to the King's martyred father, Sir Peter succeeded in modifying the royal vow and "received much help... through the generosity of Charles II and the Duke of York, and the liberal contributions of diverse honourable and worthy persons".
Most of these sites are part of San Bernardino National Forest, and there are plans to set aside pieces of habitat for this and other endemics. Other threats to the species include off-road vehicle use and urban development.
All did 13 challenge episodes and 5 quiz shows.
A Taringa Football Club competed in the QFL (an early form of the AFL Queensland State League) in the 1920 season. The club only appeared in the State competition for that single season, but resurfaced by entering the newly titled QANFL in 1931. The club's emblem was the bulldog, and the club colours were maroon and white. Despite making it to five grand finals Taringa was unable to secure a premiership, but it produced two De Little Medalists in C.Vigden (1939) and Doug Pittard (1940). Taringa changed its name to the Western Districts Australian Football Club in 1946.
