
<doc id="3319449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3319449" title="Arrondissement of Le Vigan">
External links.
Using this one can show, by calculating directly, that "V" is unitary, therefore an unitary dilation of "T". This operator "V" is sometimes called the Julia operator of "T".
<doc id="3320243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3320243" title="Laiharaoba">
The company had its origins in northwestern New Jersey in 1848 when two companies were created to exploit the iron and zinc deposits at Franklin and Sterling Hill in Sussex County, New Jersey. The Sussex Zinc and Copper Mining and Manufacturing Corporation was incorporated in 1848 for the purpose of mining zinc, and the New Jersey Exploration and Mining Company was incorporated in 1849 for the purpose of mining iron. The founding partners were the same for both companies, and in 1852 the companies merged to form the New Jersey Zinc Corporation. The company adopted the horsehead, one of the state symbols of New Jersey, as its logo.
transection and ligation of the distal main pulmonary artery. The proximal pulmonary artery is then connected to the hypoplastic aortic arch, while the coarcted segment of the aorta is repaired. An aortopulmonary shunt is created to connect the aorta to the main pulmonary artery to provide pulmonary blood flow. The first successful use of the procedure was reported by Dr. William Imon Norwood, Jr. (1941 – ) and colleagues in 1981.

Fishhook cactus is a common name for any hook-spined species of the genera "Mammillaria" or "Sclerocactus". They are small cacti, usually growing up to 6-7 inches (20 cm) high, and are shaped similar to a barrel cactus. They are not to be confused with the Fishhook Barrel Cactus ("Ferocactus wislizenii") of the Sonoran and Chihuahuan Deserts.
They worked for the entire duration of the line's existence as a narrow gauge railway. In 1884 following conversion to standard gauge they were sold to the Ruabon Coal and Coke Company. Their final fate is not recorded.
Story.
The line was open to goods traffic on 4 May 1874, and to passengers on 18 January 1875.
According to Janet Reitman, whenever someone escapes or "blows", a special "blow drill" is launched to recover the escapee. The individual's files are combed to work out where they are likely to be headed, such as friends or family on the outside. "Blow teams" stake out bus and train stations, airports and hotels in the vicinity to intercept the runaway. Another method was to call hotels, motels and airlines in the guise of a sick relative to try to find out if the escapee was booked in for a flight or a stay. Although such information was supposed to be confidential, company privacy rules were evaded by escalating the calls to an ever-higher level of seniority until an answer had been gotten. On one occasion reported by Wright, the vice-president of an airline was cajoled into giving up an escapee. Some escapees were tracked down through their personal interests. Gary Morehead, who worked as the chief of security at the base in the 1990s, cites the example of a senior executive who fled in 1992. The executive was known to be a baseball fan; a week later, Morehead caught him in the parking lot of the San Francisco Giants stadium. If all else failed, according to Morehead, the homes of the blown member's friends and family were staked out by Scientologists using scanners to listen in on cordless phones and cell phones, and tracing the license plates of any vehicles that turned up.
