1995: Students of the University found the StudierendenGesellschaft Witten/Herdecke, a student association which introduces and until today operates an innovative inverted generational-contract payment model for student fees. The model avoids social selection in the admission process by enabeling students to repaying their tuition according to their own financial capacities after they have embarked on their professional careers.
On election night the results showed a hotly contested race between Hinman and Roberts with Hinman coming out on top by a margin of nearly 300 votes. The result was a bitter disappointment for David Swann and the Liberals and would eventually lead him to resign as leader of the Liberal party. The Progressive Conservatives finished a distant third for the first time in the riding since 1967 and lost control of the seat they had held since 1969. The bottom three candidates barely registered with voters. The NDP result was the worst ever result in a Calgary riding since the party was formed and the Social Credit vote continued to decline falling below a percent.
One of the most significant rites performed is the carrying of the kavadi, a large wooden decorated arch, as an act of penance. When deities are taken on procession from one shrine to another, they would be followed by a number of these voluntary kavadi-bearers. In other towns and estates, kavadis would be carried for other festivals like "Chittirai Paruvam". Some of the more rigid practitioners would bear spikes, spears, and hooks pierced into their bodies. The "Chittirai Paruvam" festival and festivals to the Tamil deity Mariamman are usually accompanied by a fire-walking ceremony.
The 50th episode "The Cards" (original name "Karty") completed in 1998 by some people of the original AIF Studio and originally prepared with Lubomir Bene코, was to be the beginning of a new format of the show. It was directed, animated and written by Franti코ek V치코a, different from earlier episodes and filmed in widescreen format (), slightly longer (lasting 11 minutes), had a dialogue, a new soundtrack and new opening and closing sequences. The characters were voiced by Czech actor David Nykl.
In October, 2011, the 40th ITU Telecom Exhibition in Geneva, Switzerland, China Mobile exhibited four set of different Proof of Concept C-RAn system developed with partners including IBM, Huawei, ZTE, Orange Labs Beijing, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications. Over-the-air 2G/3G/4G communication with commercial terminals and test terminals have been demoed. Two of the four systems are based on open platform and two of them are based on proprietary platform.

Charts.
