Abu Darda, Iran

Paper mills in the Midwest are a common sight. Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin is one of the many cities that developed around a large paper mill on the Wisconsin River. The river attracted water powered mills of many kinds and they fought over rights to that water. Attorney Moses Hooper represented one of those mills, but realized they could make more money by joining forces. The Consolidated Water Power Company was incorporated on 16 July 1894. The individual owners continued fighting one another until many of the original starters were no longer involved in the company.
The Minnesota Lynx finished with the best record in the WNBA for the third straight year.. The Lynx swept both fourth-seeded Seattle and pre-season favorites Phoenix to win their third consecutive Western Conference crown.
 | Kelsey Bone (11)
 | 3
Mordella variesignata is a species of beetle in the "Mordella" genus that is in the "Mordellidae" family, which is a part of the "Tenebrionoidea" superfamily. It was discovered in 1936.

Sher Shah Bridge is a flyover in Karachi, Pakistan. Bridge was collapsed in September 2007, five men were crushed in that incident.

<doc id="38508263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38508263" title="Big Strong Man">
On Sept. 22, less than a month to the elections, the justices of the Federal Supreme Court (STF) began the trial of the case of Joaquim Roriz, a former senator who resigned in 2007 to escape a lawsuit for breach of parliamentary decorum. So Roriz, trying to fight the government of the Federal District for the fourth time, had his record challenged by lower courts. The outcome of this trial was important because it would define all other cases in that election.


<doc id="38514721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38514721" title="Jonathan Weissman">

1672 in Norway
Robo Knight is voiced by Chris Auer.
The most common form of auxiliary memory devices used in consumer systems is flash memory, optical discs, and magnetic disks. The latest addition to the auxiliary memory family is flash memory. This form is much faster as compared to predecessors, as this form of auxiliary memory does not involve any moving parts . In some laptops, such as Apple's MacBook Air line and MacBook Pro with Retina Display line, solid state drives (SSDs) made from flash memory have replaced magnetic disk based hard disk drives (HDDs) that are found in most laptops. These 'chips' of memory are found below the trackpad in those laptops. However, nowadays, it is much more expensive to get large capacity flash storage chips as opposed to HDDs, many of which are inexpensive and, in addition, it is difficult for average users to replace these chips.
As a screenwriter she adapted the book Miguel e os Demônios, from the author Lourenço Mutarelli, for the big screen. And, again with Tadeu Jungle, she wrote the episode “Ela Faz Cinema” from the series Amor em Quatro Atos that was aired in January 2011, by Globo.
tRNA (cytidine34-2'-O)-methyltransferase (, "yibK (gene)", "methyltransferase yibK", "TrmL", "tRNA methyltransferase L", "tRNA (cytidine34/5-carboxymethylaminomethyluridine34-2'-O)-methyltransferase") is an enzyme with system name "S-adenosyl-L-methionine:tRNA (cytidine34/5-carboxymethylaminomethyluridine34-2'-O)-methyltransferase". This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
While serving in the Criminal Court, Judge Carro was named to a Presidential Task Force headed by Defense Secretary Melvin Laird to study racism and discrimination in the United States Armed Forces throughout the world. The task force consisted of top grade judge advocates from the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines, including Generals and Admirals. Judge Carro, as requested by the Task Force, was given a year’s leave of absence from the Criminal Court bench to work on the report and was given an equivalent rank of a 1 star general and a diplomatic passport. From this experience Carro developed an interest in international human rights. He has visited Chile and Argentina as part of a Task Force on the treatment of incarcerated citizens in those countries.
