Perceived borders similar to the phantom contour, observed via luminance contrasts, were reported in 1987, when Livingstone and Hubel analyzed various aspects of vision, and linked them to the magno- and parvocellular subsystems. Vilayanur S. Ramachandran and D.S. Rogers-Ramachandran’s subsequent research, however, helped pare down and solidify the concept of phantom contours. Their research was also the first use of “texture borders” to induce this illusion. Ramachandran and Rogers-Ramachandran’s research has since led to several more papers on the topic, with varying conclusions regarding the underlying mechanisms responsible for these illusions, as well as considerations for this illusion’s potential link to dyslexia.
History.
Books.
"As of 4 May 2014"
History.
The 15th Parliament sat for three sessions, and was prorogued on 15 November 1905.
Other impact.
The Mill River rises in the southern part of the town of Mount Holly, west of the Okemo Mountain ski area in the Green Mountains. It flows northwest, paralleled by Vermont Route 155, to the village of East Wallingford, where it continues north and northwest paralleled by Vermont Route 103 and the Green Mountain Railroad. Just before entering the town of Clarendon it passes through Clarendon Gorge, where it is crossed by the Appalachian Trail. It turns west and then southwest at the village of East Clarendon, passes under U.S. Route 7, and reaches Otter Creek southwest of the village of Clarendon.
Controversy.

Dentallidae 
Meanwhile, Washington moved his army northeast from Valley Forge, Pennsylvania and crossed the Delaware at Coryell's Ferry. On 23 June, the American army reached Hopewell, New Jersey and moved east to intercept Clinton. After some hesitation, Washington appointed his second-in-command, Charles Lee to lead his advance guard. At 4:00 AM on 28 June 1778, Knyphausen's division began its march from Monmouth Court House, followed at 8:00 AM by Cornwallis' division. Lee failed to scout the terrain and told his subordinates that he had no plan of battle other than to act according to circumstances. He only began moving forward at 7:00 AM with 5,000 troops and 10 cannons. When Lee arrived near the British positions, Clinton turned back to assist his rear guard with strong forces, including the two grenadier battalions. After some attacks miscarried, Lee's division retreated with Clinton in pursuit.
<doc id="34011203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34011203" title="1912 Norwegian Football Cup">
<doc id="34011770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34011770" title="Achnatherum thurberianum">
The station returned to the air on August 26, 2010, with new call sign "WHUN" to broadcast a gospel music format branded as "Joy Christian Radio" to the greater Jackson, Tennessee, area. The station fell silent again on December 1, 2011, for financial reasons and a sale to Palmer Johnson, Inc., is awaiting consummation.
The Cavaliers entered the 2010 season as the defending NCAA National Champions, winning their first national title since the Bruce Arena years of the early to mid-1990s. During the 2010 campaign, the Cavaliers earned an at-large berth into the 2010 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship, where they were eliminated by in-state rival, Old Dominion, whom play in the Colonial Athletic Association. It was the first time since 1996 that the Cavaliers were eliminated in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
