Through the 1960s, WHN became New York City's Mutual Radio Network affiliate. On-air hosts included Jim Ameche (brother of actor Don Ameche), Jack Sterling, and, early on, the comedy team of Bob Elliot and Ray Goulding (Bob and Ray). (Morning host Ted Brown remained with WHN for only a short time of transition, heading eventually to MOR WNEW.)
Dholuo is heavily used online in specially dedicated sites as well as in social media.
Packard's Ultramatic transmission was the creation of the company's chief engineer Forest McFarland and his engineering team. The magnitude of the accomplishment is illustrated by the fact that it was the only automatic transmission produced solely by an independent automaker with no outside help. Devices like the Ultramatic were being tested and designed by Packard from 1935 on, but none sufficed the perfectionist engineer. The Ultramatic's development was halted as was all automotive work during World War II, but resumed in earnest during 1946. Packard, during this period, was suffering in competition with Cadillac, thanks to their popular self-shifting Hydra-Matic, which was available starting in 1941 and became popular during 1946-1948. Packard at that time only offered an Electromatic Vacuum Clutch option, which required manual shifting, and as most vacuum powered shifting, and clutching devices, was generally unreliable. In 1949, Packard's 50th anniversary, McFarland's Ultramatic Drive became available as a $199 option. It was first offered only on the De-Luxe Packard Customs.
The song "La Vie en Rose" permeates the film and dominates much of the soundtrack. Several distinct versions are used, including the Édith Piaf original, covers by Donna Summer, Louis Armstrong, the Brazilian A cappella group Trio Esperança, and French pop artist Zazie, as well as a handful of instrumental cuts. Coincidentally, Marion Cotillard went on to win an Oscar for her portrayal of Piaf in the film "La Vie en Rose", also called "La Môme". Additionally, Cotillard was subsequently cast in "Inception", a science-fiction thriller where Piaf's song, "Non, je ne regrette rien" plays a key role.

Pandora Peaks (born April 12, 1964) is a retired American adult model, pornographic actress and stripper. She posed for more than 100 men's magazines, such as "Playboy", "Score" and "Gent".
