co-operative has been playing an important role in socio-economic development of Bangladesh for more than a century. Acknowledging it’s importance the Constitution of Bangladesh mandates co-operative as one of the three modes of ownership i.e., State, co-operative and Private. Starting it’s journey in 1904, to raise agricultural production and rural economic advancement through production and processing services, the co-operative movement has expanded in other economic sectors like fishery, dairy, housing, micro finance and service sectors. In Bangladesh, co-operative has great opportunities in social awareness building, entrepreneurship development and community based programmes and activities. Here is a list of notable co-operative enterprises :
In April 2010, "I Can Only Imagine" was certified platinum by the RIAA, signifying sales of over 1,000,000 digital downloads. It is the first single by any artist in the Christian music genre to go platinum.
Besides his botanical work, Knechtel also served as a professor of German, Czech, Latin, Italian, Spanish and Romanian.
OneUnited Bank, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, is the largest African-American-owned CDFI in the country and focuses on serving and developing urban communities. The Bank has achieved consistent profitable growth through both bank acquisitions of similar mission driven banks and organic loan and deposit growth. The Bank has provided innovative products and services to fulfill its community development mission in the urban communities of Boston, Massachusetts, Miami, Florida and Los Angeles, California. OneUnited Bank continues to be integrated into the social and economic fabric of each of these communities in every respect from not-for-profits, small business, affordable housing, churches, etc.
San Diego Chargers.
Nagalingam Shanmugathasan

Parks and open spaces in Enfield
Noboru Yamaguchi
The teams are - 
Deprotonation at the α-carbon of an oxazolidinone imide with a strong base such as lithium diisopropylamide selectively furnishes the ("Z")-enolate, which can undergo stereoselective alkylation.
Cornes was one of the lead writers for "Mr Bean, The Animated Series", and a writer on "Cavegirl" and Channel 4's "Gophers!". He was a co-writer of Channel 4's animation series "The Bird", and writer/storyliner on "What's Up Doc?", a writer and performer on Thames TV's "After Hours" and joint writer on two series of "The WOW Show" on Radio 4. He has appeared in various children's television shows such as "My Parents are Aliens", "Bear Behaving Badly", "Jackanory".
Jazz Ensemble: The Jazz Ensemble is the bands' most selective group accepting 16-21 of the school's top jazz musicians. The ensemble plays difficult music and participates in various jazz competitions throughout New Jersey.
They have been accused of harassment because of their persistent calling of anyone who can be identified as a veteran.
On 21 December 2011, Justice John Edwards in the High Court dismissed the US application for Garland's extradition. Justice Edwards told the court he was not disposed to grant the application and would furnish his reasons for doing so later. 
In 1984, at the awards ceremony marking the 50th Heisman Trophy presentation, Blanchard took the occasion to recall, in comparison to the big glitzy shows for the ceremony today, how he learned of his Heisman selection in 1945. He said, "I got a telegram. It said, 'You’ve been selected to win the Heisman Trophy. Please wire collect.'"
