The group was unable to bring the large amounts of Faygo needed for their concerts to their European tours without a sales permit visa because customs believed that the group had intended to sell the soda at their concerts. As a result, the group's European record label purchased similar quantities of another soda and created fake Faygo stickers to label the bottles. According to Bruce, "The craziness was this: they were not the regular two-liter bottles we're used to; they were some other amount ... maybe one-and-a-half-liter bottles. Over there, they make their plastic bottles taller and thinner...when you're doing what we do with them—that makes a world of difference". During a performance in England, Bruce recounts that he "rocketed one of them bottles off my foot and that motherfucker shot straight up and out like a guided Patriot missile, right towards the disco ball high above the crowd...The bottle nailed the disco ball, and ... came falling down ... on top of some English kid's head. ... We must've knocked fifteen or twenty people flat-out cold on that tour...Shaggy and I both had black eyes and several injuries and bruises ourselves from them things hittin' us".
2009 North African Futsal Cup

The Fall Series saw major changes for 2009, with one of its events moving to May and another dropping off the schedule entirely. It returned to its original start date of the week after the Tour Championship. Then, as in 2008, it took a week off, this time for the Presidents Cup. It then continued with events in three consecutive weeks, took another week off for the HSBC Champions (now elevated to World Golf Championships status), and concluded the week after that.
Track listing.

The Biggest exhibit is a locomotive named Nellie, after Nellie Crane the vicar's wife. Nellie is an 0-4-0 saddle tank industrial locomotive 1435, one of two built by Hudswell Clarke in Leeds in 1922 for the Esholt sewage works. When the works were being built, she carried excavated material, and thereafter coal and construction material, then coal and other materials until 1970 when she was loaned to the Yorkshire Dales Railway Society at Skipton. Her size is ca.23 x 8 x 11 ft, and she weighs 28 tons. The boiler works at 160psi, and she carries 700 gallons in the saddle water tank. The cylinders are 40-inch diameter 20-inch stroke operated by Stephenson's open link valve gear. A British Railways Crane Wagon is on display outside near the museum gates.
Eels Lake

Career.

<doc id="23550303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23550303" title="Theagenes (historian)">
The narrator.
<doc id="23551131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23551131" title="2009 Astana season">
Barnacle died in 1921, having been nursed during his illness by his estranged wife, Annie.
Bold shows the active players in the tournament.


Breeders' Cup Classic top three finishers
National Magazine Award Finalist 2005
She wanted to keep the original Five Tibetan Rites as authentic as possible, but she had noticed a pattern among students participating in the workshops that she ran. Despite very detailed instruction and personal attention, a small percentage of students in every workshop who would develop lower back or neck pain. This would result in them having to cease doing their daily practice, or even visit various health practitioners for treatment.
Simpson was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 2001.

June 26.
Glaisnock River
<doc id="23557935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23557935" title="Karen Alkalay-Gut">
2009 Election.
