Sawyer Center

For the extension to Queen's Park, the LER supplemented the existing rolling stock with 14 new carriages ordered from Brush Traction and Leeds Forge Company plus spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR. These carriages, the 1914 stock, were the first to have doors in the sides of the carriages as well as the ends. For the longer extension to Watford, the LER and the LNWR ordered 72 new carriages from the Metropolitan Railway Carriage and Wagon Company. Manufacture of this rolling stock was delayed by the war, and, while it was waiting for delivery, the Bakerloo Tube used spare 1915 stock carriages ordered for an unfinished extension of the CLR to Ealing Broadway and more spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR. Delivery of the carriages for the Watford service, known as the Watford Joint stock because ownership was shared with the LNWR, began in 1920; they were painted in the LNWR's livery to distinguish them from trains operating only on the Bakerloo Tube's tracks.
The term may also refer to:
<doc id="19194886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194886" title="Justifiers">
Careful storage of edible eggs is extremely important, as an improperly handled egg can contain elevated levels of "Salmonella" bacteria that can cause severe food poisoning. In the US, eggs are washed, and this cleans the shell, but erodes the cuticle. The USDA thus recommends refrigerating eggs to prevent the growth of "Salmonella".

The river has its sources in the eastern part of Belgorod Oblast, on the southeastern slopes of the Central Russian Upland. It flows in a northeasterly direction, and joins the Don some 15 kilometers west of the town of Liski in Voronezh Oblast.
by H.M. Queen Elizabeth II, 2003
List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, L-R
<doc id="19201623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201623" title="Immediacy">
"Stereo Subversion" was less enthusiastic though, stating "the album suffers from a serious case of disorganization and drag" being "heavy on cheesy diary-entry balladry" and finally stating that "the album shows little of what makes Jon McLaughlin such an interesting songwriter, and it’s sad to think that the first introduction much of America will get to his music is this mediocre mess."
August Evening
History.
Personnel.
The morganatic marriage of a Reformist prince with a Lutheran woman from the lesser nobility brought vehements protest from the Reform Church and the other agnates of the Anhalt principalities. Nonetheless, Gisela Agnes was created Imperial Countess of Nienburg (German: "Reichsgräfin von Nienburg") on 23 July 1694.
<doc id="19206112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19206112" title="WAMP (disambiguation)">
Slater Memorial Museum, Norwich, Connecticut
After demotion.
As developed by economist Fred E. Foldvary, cellular democracy is a type of democracy based on multi-level bottom-up structure based on either small neighborhood governmental districts or contractual communities.
Besides his long-term posts Dunner has performed as guest conductor with major orchestras around the world. These include the New York Philharmonic, the San Francisco and Seattle Symphony orchestras, the Symphony Orchestra of Madrid (Spain), and the Warsaw Sinfonia (Poland). Dunner makes regular trips to South Africa, where he has performed with that country's major orchestras. He has also performed with chamber orchestras, and with prestigious international dance companies, including the American Ballet Theatre, the Royal Ballet at Covent Garden (London, England), and the Birmingham Royal Ballet (Birmingham, England). Dunner has also received many awards and honors, including the Detroit Man of the Year and Spirit of Detroit awards, and commendations from the National Association of Negro Musicians. He was the first American winner of the Arturo Toscanini International Conducting Competition in 1986, and the recipient of the Distinguished Young Alumnus award from the University of Cincinnati in 1996. He was also honored by the NAACP in 1991 with the James Weldon Johnson Award.
<doc id="19212633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19212633" title="HD 221148">
Jones stood down from cabinet on 19 June 2011 to focus on defending her seat against newly elected LNP leader Campbell Newman at the 2012 state election.
"Bringing Up Baby" (1938),
3. Grasp the birds tail
Born in Salisbury, Wiltshire, Kenny now lives in Verwood, Dorset. Having been involved in cycling since he was young, Kenny started racing at the age of eleven. In 1988, at the age of 19, an accident at the Tour of Ireland whilst descending the Wicklow Gap looked likely to have ended his career. He had damaged his neck, but did not realise the extent of the damage at the time. A series of accidents after that exacerbated his condition, as Kenny put it: "until I was just lying on the sofa putting on weight and on heavy medication.”
United States.
Goddard (Hampshire cricketer)
Kevin Flynn is the protagonist of the first film. He is played by Jeff Bridges.
Seasons.
P53 p63 p73 family
