
Sathyam is a 1976 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. A. Kannan and produced by P. M. Shanmugam and S. A. Kannan. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Devika, Jayachitra and M. N. Nambiar in lead roles. The film had musical score by K V Mahadevan. The film has Kamal Haasan playing the younger brother of Sivaji Ganesan.
Manx racer in Reynolds 531.

František Čermák and Leoš Friedl were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals to Gustavo Kuerten and André Sá.
<doc id="21025984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21025984" title="'Ili'ili">
The 1998 Championships took place between January 4–11, 1998 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Memorbuch

The line between Dunstable and Luton has never been legally decommissioned, the track has now been removed, to make way for the new Luton to Dunstable Busway, which will run as far as Dunstable Town and then divert via the old cement works.
The song was released as the third single from the band's third studio album "Day & Age" in North America. In the UK, Europe and Australia, the third single released was "The World We Live In".

Joseph Gill was born in Yorkshire, England, in 1841 to Mark and Amelia Gill. He was the oldest of their eleven children. In 1854, he emigrated to the United States with his parents. The family first settled in Massachusetts where he received his education in the schools of Worcester before enrolling at Wesleyan Academy in Wilbraham at the age of eighteen.
Hatfield Plaza is a local shopping centre, housing the area's major grocery and convenience store, a Pick 'n Pay. Recent developments have seen the construction of a second shopping centre combined with high-rise residential buildings, jointly named The Fields. Hatfield also houses one of the main stations for the Gautrain, South Africa's premiere mass rapid transit railway.

James Bay(also named for Captain Prevost) is a part of Gulf Islands National Park Reserve(GINPR). There are 10 marine-accessible backcountry campsites available at James Bay. Facilities are limited to pit toilets; no campfires are permitted. The "Current Map and Hiking and Camping Information" brochure on the GINPR website provides updated camping fee information [http://www.pc.gc.ca/eng/pn-np/bc/gulf/visit/brochures.aspx. Boaters will find good anchorage at Shelby Cove, and paddlers can land at James Bay beach.

Week 1: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
Trentham was born in Chirbury, Shropshire and attended Chirbury St John's School. In his youth he played football for Knighton Town, Knighton Victoria and Knighton United. He joined Hereford United in April 1926 and remained with them until April 1929, when he signed for West Bromwich Albion for a £600 transfer fee. He made his Albion league debut in March 1930, in a Division Two match away at Blackpool. During the following season he helped the club to achieve promotion to the First Division and played in the 1931 FA Cup Final, in which Albion beat Birmingham 2–1. Trentham also appeared in the 1935 FA Cup Final, but this time earned only a runners-up medal as his team lost 4–2 to Sheffield Wednesday. After 272 appearances for West Bromwich Albion, he re-joined Hereford United on a free transfer in May 1937, remaining with the latter club until his move to Darlaston in August 1939. Following his retirement from football, Trentham ran an ironmonger's business in Ward End, Birmingham. He died in June 1979, aged 71.
Georges Cravenne (24 January 1914 – 10 January 2009), real name Joseph-Raoul Cohen, was a French film producer, publicity agent and founder of the César Award. He received an Honorary César in 2000.
<doc id="21035314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21035314" title="2012 European Men's Handball Championship">


