


Ratul Shankar is the great-grandson of Shyam Shankar Chowdhury, grandson of Uday Shankar, grand nephew of Ravi Shankar, son of Mamata Shankar and nephew of singers Anoushka Shankar and Norah Jones


Lusmagh, who defeated St. Rynagh's by 4-11 to 2-14 in the final of the intermediate championship in 2012, availed of their right to automatic promotion to the senior championship.
<doc id="40925781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40925781" title="Nematabad, Tonekabon">
<doc id="40926309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40926309" title="Shahrestan, Mazandaran">

<doc id="40927625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40927625" title="John Kantakouzenos (pinkernes)">
Havneholmen (literally "The Harbour Isle") is a mixed-use development located on reclaimed land off Kalvebod Brygge in the harbor of Copenhagen, Denmark. It is located just east of the shopping centre Fisketorvet from which it is separated bu a narrow canal, although it is annexed to mainland Kalvebod Brygge at its southern end.
In 1900 Waldersee became the chief commander of the occupation army after the end of the Boxer Rebellion. Sai Jinhua renewed her connection with Waldersee. Ying Hu, author of "Tales of Translation: Composing the New Woman in China, 1899-1918", stated that Waldensee "much favored" Sai Jinhua "allegedly" due to Sai Jinhua's proficiency in several European languages. Ying Hu wrote that "Legend has it that in the "dragon bed" of the Empress Dowager, which Sai and Waldersee shared, she tried and sometimes succeeded in curbing the brutality of the troops." Wenxian Zhang wrote that Sai Jinhua "was credited with influencing Waldsee to moderate the harsh treatment of Beijing residents." After the end of the Boxer-related hostilities, Sai Jinhua continued to be a prostitute. Wenxian Zhang wrote that the Qing Dynasty government was not "grateful" for her efforts.

Akyürek
The second programme is called Crisis. Cameras are allowed in Lambeth Hospital Triage ward for the first time. This is the Accident and Emergency of mental health - where patients are at their most unwell. This episode features Medical Director Dr Martin Baggaley who has spoken out about the pressure facing mental health services in England.
The fourth series of "On the Buses" originally aired between 27 November 1970 and 21 February 1970, beginning with "Nowhere to Go". The series was produced by Stuart Allen and designed by Alan Hunter-Craig. All the episodes in this series were written by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe.
WWW (Who When Why) is the first studio album recorded by South Korean singer Kim Jaejoong. The album was released on 29 October 2013 by C-JeS Entertainment. Upon release the title song, "Just Another Girl" charted in 34 countries on iTunes, topping it in twelve countries.

<doc id="40935673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40935673" title="Nargisan">
Recognition and legacy.
The race to the South Pole.
The first full-length Lord Grey novel, Lord John and the Private Matter, was published by Delacorte Press on September 30, 2003. Though Gabaldon had intended it to be a novella, "Private Matter" came in at 320 pages and secured the author a deal for two additional full Grey novels, "Lord John and the Brotherhood of the Blade" (2007) and "The Scottish Prisoner" (2011). "Private Matter" reached #8 on "The New York Times" Hardcover Fiction Best-Seller List. "Publishers Weekly" said of the novel, "Grey is a competent and likable sleuth, and Gabaldon's prose is crisply elegant."
The 1989 Northern Illinois Huskies football team represented Northern Illinois University. The Huskies competed in the highest division of football, Division I-A. They were led by fifth year head coach Jerry Pettibone and they played their home games at Huskie Stadium. 
