
In 2007, AIPCS opened a second campus, AIPCS II, and a high school, American Indian Public High School (AIPHS). In the same year, Chavis retired after a string of controversies. He remains involved with the school as advisor emeritus. On March 20, 2013, the Oakland School Board in a 4 - 3 vote decided to revoke the 3 school's charters, including the elementary school where Chavis' own children attend. 
Billy Nair was assaulted multiple times in prison quite seriously and he joined multiple efforts including a five-day hunger strike to bring about reforms at the prison. In this, he partially succeeded. He was punished severely for his efforts by isolation and removal to the common block. He was also denied food and educational privileges for various periods of time. There was controversy on which groups were instrumental in making the changes in Robben island, including the provision of beds of prisoners, permission to study and improved meals with various groups claiming credit. Upon release, he remarked on this, "when I came out of prison in 1984 I actually publicly said that these Coopers, the AZAPOS, the Strini Moodleys and the whole shoot of them actually came into a five star hotel. We changed the conditions so much that they were living in milk and honey virtually."

In 2012, Towanda Area Junior Senior High School declined to Corrective Action Level I" due to a low graduation rate coupled with protracted low student academic achievement in reading and especially mathematics. Students retained the right to transfer to a better performing school in the district. Additionally, the students qualified for an Education Improvement Tax Credit to use to attend a non public school. In 2011, Towanda Area Junior Senior High School declined to School Improvement II status due to a low graduation rate coupled with protracted low student academic achievement in both reading and mathematics. In 2010 and 2009, Towanda Area Junior Senior High School remained in School Improvement I status"' due to continuing lagging student achievement. Under the federal No Child Left Behind Act, the school administration was required to notify parents of the school's poor achievement outcomes and to offer the parent the opportunity to transfer to a successful school within the District. Additionally the school administration was required by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, to develop a School Improvement Plan to address the school's low student achievement. Under the Pennsylvania Accountability System, the school must pay fro additional tutoring for struggling students.


