Under the Patronage of the Sacred Heart
<doc id="28718750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28718750" title="Justin Cole">
<doc id="28719597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28719597" title="The Inkwell (mixtape)">

!align="right"|6,240

After completing investigations, CBI filed its second charge-sheet (after the charge-sheet in TSR case) in a special CBI court in Delhi. The CBI named OC officials T S Darbari, Sanjay Mohindroo, Jeychandran and London-based businessman Ashish Patel and his two companies AM Car n Van Hire and AM Films. The chargesheet alleged that OC members conspired to award contracts of local transportation and others to Patel's companies at excessive rates during the event held in London in 2009.
Allen was the father to Leslie Holdsworth Allen, the academic and poet, and Sir Carleton Allen, professor and Warden of Rhodes House, University of Oxford.

The program, which has been compared to "Punk'd" and "Candid Camera", featured celebrities such as actress Asia Kamal and comedian Jassim Sharaf, who were ostensibly invited to the headquarters of al-Baghdadia for an interview. While the celebrities were en route, fake bombs were placed in their cars, without their knowledge. They were then stopped at an apparent military checkpoint, by soldiers in on the prank, who "discovered" the fake bomb and accused the celebrity of being a terrorist or suicide bomber. The soldiers then threatened the celebrity with detention and execution unless he or she told what he or she knew, while a hidden camera filmed the celebrity's reaction.
Sherry Golf Jerez
Despite progress in bilateral ties, the volume of trade between the two countries stands at less than $60 million per year. In 2008-09, Bangladesh's exports to Nepal were worth $6.7 million; its major exports include pharmaceuticals, garments, plastics, handicrafts and other goods. Nepal exported $53 million worth of goods, which are largely agricultural produce such as pulses, lentils, rice and wheat.
After the French, then expanding in West Africa, defeated and killed Rabih they installed Shehu Sanda Kura, a member of the old Bornu dynasty, as the first Shehu of Borno in Dikwa in 1900. In 1901 they replaced him by his brother Umar Abubakar Garbai, ancestor of the current Emirs of Borno. Based on a treaty between the French, Germans and British, the old Bornu was split up and Dikwa became part of the German colony of Cameroon. The British invited Umar Abubakar Garbai to become ruler of the British portion, and he moved in 1902 first to Monguno and later to Maiduguri.
These principles were adopted by the World Congress of the International Union of Architects (UIA) in June 1993 at the American Institute of Architects' (AIA) Expo 93 in Chicago. Further, the AIA and UIA signed a "Declaration of Interdependence for a Sustainable Future." In summary, the declaration states that today's society is degrading its environment and that the AIA, UIA, and their members are committed to:
Dr. Pica has concentrated his research on the notion of parameters in linguistic. He has also shown that the respective properties of reflexive pronouns could be derived from their morphological properties. He is currently studying the distinction between the internal and external aspects of the Faculty of language and is also working on a fine grained distinction between competence and linguistic performance.
<doc id="28731999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28731999" title="82nd Airborne Division War Memorial Museum">
Finishing order.
IFC has commissioned a team of consultants for the implementation of the project.
The World Health Organisation Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI) is a structured interview for psychiatric disorders. As the interview is designed for epidemiological studies, it can be administered by those who are not clinically trained and can be completed in a short amount of time. Versions of the CIDI were used in two important studies, the National Comorbidity Survey (NCS) 
Fabian Cancellara defended his title, and in doing so, clinched a record fourth time trial world championship, recording a time more than a minute faster than any of his rivals. Great Britain's David Millar took silver, with Germany's Tony Martin claiming bronze. The two Australian entrants, Richie Porte and Michael Rogers, came in fourth and fifth respectively in their home country.
