
History of the DPKO.
Ships' badges are reused along with the ship name. When the Queen approves the name of a new ship she will also approve the new ship's badge, which may have changed if the shape needs to change.

Education and contributions.
Klaas Schilder (19 December 1890 – 23 March 1952) was a Dutch theologian and professor in the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands (Dutch "Gereformeerde Kerken in Nederland" or GKN) and later in the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands (liberated) (Dutch "Gereformeerde Kerken (vrijgemaakt)").
A craft distiller is actively involved in every aspect of the distillation of the spirit, from ingredient selection to bottling and labeling. Some Craft Distilleries take this one step further and even grow the grains they use to produce distilled liquors. One, Mad Buffalo Distillery, a farm distillery in Union, Missouri, controls every aspect of their product, from growing and harvesting their grain, fermenting, distilling, aging, bottling, labeling, all on their family farm.
Universities.

Troop 12 was a "colored troop" formed in 1925 during the period when Scout units were segregated and, with Troop 9, was one of the two colored troops in Waterloo formed by James Lincoln Page. Cunningham was the first Scout in either of the Waterloo colored troops to earn Eagle Scout on June 8, 1926.

<doc id="7197648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7197648" title="Theppothsava">
The bank was primarily concentrated around Eastern Norway where the original five banks had branches in Akershus, Buskerud, Oslo, Vestfold and Østfold in addition to offices in Bergen, Bodø, Kristiansand, Tromsø, Trondheim and Vadsø in addition to Luxembourg.
<doc id="7198862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7198862" title="Ring I">
Carol Fellowes, 4th Baron Ailwyn
Once the "Hanson" arrived at Subic Bay, decisions were made to add some armament to protect the ship from hazards in the Tonkin Gulf. Mainly, two M2 50 Cal machine guns mounted on the bridge wings (for IBGB's armed with rockets) and a TAD (Temporary Assigned Duty) Navy Seal (SA W. Allen) trained & armed with shoulder launched Redeye missiles, an early version of modern stinger missiles. The "Hanson" had no reliable way to ward off MIG attacks and a lone Navy Seal would be that defense. This added precaution arose primarily due to an event on 19 April: The Battle of Đồng Hới.
(Portrayed by Marina Sirtis) Gretchen is a neighbor of Lisa, Rose, and Max, and a painter. She is often hired as a guardian to Rose when Max or Lisa are busy. Gretchen appears to be friends with Max, and is killed by Kayako in her apartment when she was painting a picture of Rose, when Kayako came out of one of her paintings, crawled to Gretchen, and gouged her eyes out, then ripped off her jaw. Her body was later found by Max and taken away by paramedics. Gretchen's death triggers Max's possession.
Karen Bahnsen
On 8 May 2014, Redhage signed a short-term deal with Capitanes de Arecibo of Puerto Rico.
The album peaked at position 38 in The Official Finnish Charts.
Churna Island () is a small uninhabited Pakistani island located in the Arabian Sea, about west of the mouth of the Hub river, at the boundary between the provinces of Balochistan and Sindh. Churna is approximately long and wide. Churna is also locally known "Cheerno". It is 6 km away from Mubarak Village. Fishermen of Mubarak Village go for fishing near the Churna Island. There are many species of fish, crabs and lobsters. Anglers take boats to go Island from Mubarak Village. Mubarak Village is a second largest fishermen locality in Karachi, which lacks of basic facilities including education, health, jetty, ownership rights and communication etc. 
It has a population of about 1900 people.
<doc id="7204678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7204678" title="Chiaroscuro (2000 AD)">
