
Robert Rozhdestvensky was born to a military family in the village of Kosikha in Altai Krai. Following the outbreak of World War II, with both parents in the army, he found himself in the orphanage. After graduating high school, he attended Petrozavodsk University, where he began writing poetry (the first ones were published in 1950). He quit the University in order to attend Maxim Gorky Literature Institute, which he finished in 1956.
"This list of R&B #1 hits of 1945 in the United States is part of the List of #1 R&B hits (USA)."

Orville Coast is that portion of the coast of Antarctica lying west of Ronne Ice Shelf between Cape Adams and Cape Zumberge. It was discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947-48, under Ronne, who named this coast for Captain Howard T. Orville, USN, Head of the Naval Aerological Service, who was largely responsible for formulating the RARE meteorological program. The name "Orville Coast" is considered a more useful reference than "Orville Escarpment," the name originally applied for this area.
By late 2002 and early 2003, O’Hanlon appeared in the American media as a public proponent of the Iraq War. Interviewed by Bill O’Reilly in February 2003, he was asked “Any doubt about going to war with Saddam?” To which he replied “Not much doubt.”
There are countless annual exhibitions around the world displaying rug hooking. A forthcoming one is "Hooked Between Two Islands" The History of the Hooked Rug Between Newfoundland and Guernsey. The exhibition is scheduled for 2011 at the Guernsey Folk and Costume Museum, Guernsey, Channel Islands sponsored by The National Trust of Guernsey and the Canadian Portrait Academy. A permanent collection of hooked rugs by Patty Yoder is currently installed at the Shelburne Museum in Vermont.


Magee founded the "Magee's Independent" in 1922, which would change its name to the "New Mexico State Tribune" in 1923 and to the "Albuquerque Tribune" in 1933. The Tribune became defunct in 2008. Magee was important in bringing the Teapot Dome Scandal to the fore. When a judge Magee had once accused of corruption knocked him down in a hotel lobby, Magee drew his pistol fired, accidentally killing a bystander. Magee was acquitted of manslaughter, but moved to Oklahoma City to run the Oklahoma News. He was the paper's editor until he was transferred to the "Oklahoma City News".
