<BR>Sk 2 -pink]]

The latest version, 1.2.0.2, was released on November 11, 2013.
Animal Posters.
After promotion to the grade of brigadier general, he was transferred to Headquarters, U.S. Air Force, in July 1953, as deputy director and then director of personnel planning. In September 1956, he was appointed assistant deputy chief of staff for personnel in the grade of major general. In June 1957, he was assigned to McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey, as commander, Atlantic Division, Military Air Transport Service; and upon its reorganization, as commander, Eastern Transport Air Force.
Although previously prevalent across the United States, there is only one currently in operation there, that being the Assumption College for Sisters in Mendham, New Jersey. Catholic women's colleges now serve as the primary providers of education to nuns in the United States, while many of the former sisters' colleges provide campuses for convents and other religious institutions, or have been transitioned into K-12 schools.
Slacum was an agent of the U.S. President; he helped put together a joint venture among the men to purchase cattle. In January 1837, Young was selected as the leader of the Willamette Cattle Company. He traveled to California on the "Loriot" (assisted by Slacum). After purchasing 630 head of cattle, he brought them back along the Siskiyou Trail. Previously, the HBC had owned all the cattle in the Willamette Valley and rented animals to settlers. Accompanying Young on the cattle drive were Philip Leget Edwards, Calvin Tibbets, John Turner, William J. Bailey, George Gay, Lawrence Carmichael, Pierre De Puis, B. Williams, and Emert Ergnette. During the drive Gay and Bailey murdered a native boy, rationalising it as justice for the attack several years earlier by the Rogue River Indians on Young’s group.
After defeating the California Golden Bears in the 1929 Rose Bowl Game, Tech fullback Jack "Stumpy" Thomason acquired a live bear while in California. He brought the bear back to Tech and raised the bear in Atlanta. Named Bruin, the bear made a habit of drinking too much beer and rummaging through Midtown Atlanta dumpsters. After a lot of Atlantan complaints and two arrests by local police, Stumpy agreed to cage Bruin in Bobby Dodd Stadium. Bruin left Tech campus with Stumpy when Stumpy was acquired by the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1930.

At the zoo, Rachel and Cassie witness a boy fall into the crocodile pit. Rachel jumps into the pit to rescue him. Out of sight, she acquires and morphs a crocodile, carrying the boy to safety.
The 111th Civil War, the Ducks now lead 55–46–10 in the series all time. This was the first time the home team had not won since 1996, the first time Oregon State had won at Autzen Stadium since 1993, and the first time Oregon State had won two years in a row since 1973–74.
The Lostwood Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and extends from the Canadian border and to the neighboring state of Montana. The district consists almost exclusively of privately owned property, and landowners work cooperatively with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to manage the land to maximize natural and agricultural needs. Hundreds of small bodies of water, wetlands and uplands are set aside to increase bird productivity and provide habitat for native animals and plants. The district comprises various areas spread throughout northwestern North Dakota which include waterfowl production areas, wetland easements, grassland easements, and easement refuges.
Antarjali Jatra (), also known as "Antarjali Yatra", is a 1987 film directed by Kolkata based Indian film director Goutam Ghose based on a novel, "Mahayatra" by Kamal Kumar Majumdar. It documents the institution of Kulin Brahmin polygamy in nineteenth century Bengal. The film got National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Bengali in 1988. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
Lawton became the 14th President of Loyola Marymount University in 1999, succeeding Thomas P. O'Malley, S.J. New buildings and facilities were added to Loyola Marymount's campus during Lawton's eleven-year presidency, including University Hall and the William H. Hannon Library. Lawton also oversaw the drafting of Loyola Marymount's 20 year "Master Plan."
<doc id="8561867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8561867" title="John Ellison Vassar">
Swiss radio station Couleur 3 in Geneva joined the appeal; its glass house was located on the rue de la Rôtisserie. In its first year, it collected CHF 400,000 (about €151,000) by playing requests. DJs Yann Zitouni, Émilie Gasc-Milesi and Michel Ndeze hosted six full days of the appeal.

Le rêve ("The Dream") is the sixteenth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It is about an orphan girl who falls in love with a nobleman, and is set in the years 1860-1869.
The Mall is owned by Henry Boot Developments; the shops between and including Your Local and The Mall News are owned by Threadneedle Property investments. The reason for this is because this building was there before The Mall opened. At that time it was wholly occupied by British Gas showroom. In 1979 75 High street as it was and still partly is was divided into 7 units (75 High Street (currently Art at Home), another 75 High Street (which remained a British Gas showroom, now KFC), 32, 28/30 (which has never been individual units), 26 and 24 and was extended up to the part currently owned by Henry Boot Developments (currently Strattons Jewelers).
Sean Michael Teague
Within 50 years of Osman I's establishment of the Ottoman beylik, Byzantine Asia Minor had ceased to exist and by ca. 1380, Byzantine Thrace was lost to the Ottomans. By ca. 1400, the once mighty Byzantine Empire was nothing more than a collection of the Despotate of the Morea, a few Aegean islands and a strip of land in Thrace in the immediate vicinity of the Capital. The Crusade of Nicopolis in 1396, Timur's invasion in 1402 and the final Crusade of Varna in 1444 allowed a ruined Constantinople to stave off defeat until 1453. With the conclusion of the war Ottoman supremacy became established in the eastern Mediterranean.
The main problems of the community are related with the reconstruction of the historical monuments and the environmental issues, such as the air and water pollution.



Off the pitch the Newbridge Town had developed a Youth Project involved in the development of talented young players. Youth Teams were introduced to cater for the huge increase in interested potential young players. 2nd and 3rd teams were also formed in order to cater for the huge interest in soccer witnessed in the town in the clubs maiden year. In 1973, the club Committee headed by Joe Carey, Joe Barry and Tony Hannigan invited Wacker München from Germany to play against Newbridge Boys. Two matches were played and both games drew crowds in excess of 2,000 to Ryan's field for each game. Both matches ended in draws. At the same time, Tom Shaw was selected for Irish Youth team becoming Newbridge Towns first international. He was quickly followed by goalkeeper Alan Gough. In the early 1980s the club bought land beside the railway station in Newbridge town and named it Station Road, playing their league games there.
Highway 942 passes near the town of Big River, and also intersects Highway 943. 
Archaic, dialectal, and regional words might or might not be widely considered as "English", and neologisms are continually coined in medicine, science, technology and other fields, along with new slang and adopted foreign words. Some of these new words enter wide usage while others remain restricted to small circles.
