Fuchs, like many of their competitor brands of lubricants, have a strong worldwide presence in motorsports, particularly in Europe and the USA.
"For air-to-air missiles, see Air to air missile."
However, since the Great Depression, the United States has not followed other developed democracies in the establishment of a more comprehensive model for assuring its citizens' well being. One possible explanation for this is that the U.S was not affected in the same way by World War II as Europe was: while Europeans relied on strong centralized governments to help rebuild their economies after two world wars, the United States was enjoying a period of unprecedented economic growth due to its being the sole industrialized country on the planet whose productive capacity had not been destroyed by enemy nations. But now, with the rise of industrial and geo-political competition in Europe and Asia, growing income inequality, high energy prices, and mounting public debt, there is renewed debate over the role of government in modern society.
Sam Dorian, played by John Ritter, is J.D. and Dan's father, who is an unsuccessful office supplies salesman. He was the main source of income for his family and, although he failed to get ideal wages, he still got enough so the family could get by. Sam and his wife, Barbara, got divorced when J.D. was seven years old, but he still remained a part of J.D.'s adult life. He is good friends with Chris Turk, J.D.'s best friend, as they both act and sound like "real men". Sam was reported to have died after having a "massive heart attack" in the episode "My Cake" and Dan delivered the bad news and a double-layer fudge cake (which is used in the Dorian family as a way of conveying bad news) to J.D. The character died in the series to pay homage to Ritter's real-life death. J.D. named his son Sam after his father. Zach Braff mentioned during the commentary of this episode on the Season One DVD that Ritter ad libbed his final line (a slightly embarrassed "I pooed a little" after soliciting J.D. to pull his finger, a running gag throughout the episode), which caused the entire cast and crew to break up laughing.
Related keys.
Fort-Liberté Bay.

"The Times"' film critic David Robinson had mixed feelings about the film. Although entertaining, and following the formula of the "Murder on the Orient Express" film four years earlier, he found it a bit too long and not quite as good. He concluded that screenwriter Anthony Shaffer and director John Guillermin were not quite as suitable to handle Agatha Christie's rich material as Paul Dehn and Sidney Lumet had been when they worked on "Murder on the Orient Express".
Townsend moved back to the United States in 1989. 
In 1911 the Victoria County History's guide to the area included the agricultural and economic description:
In business history, the mid-1920s saw Alfred P. Sloan stimulating increased demand for General Motors products by instituting the annual model year change and planned obsolescence, a move that changed the dynamics of the largest industrial enterprise in the world, away from technological innovation and towards satisfying market expectations.
Allen started the 2010 season slow, having only one sack in the first 7 games, but had 10 sacks in the next 9 games, making him 10th in the league with 11 sacks. In the season finale against Detroit, Allen scored his second career defensive touchdown, a 36-yard interception return. In 2011, Allen returned to Kansas City, where his former team, the Chiefs, home field was. The Vikings would go on to lose the game 22-17.

<doc id="4741244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4741244" title="Spokane Regional Transportation Council">
Before Common Era.

The regiment comprises twenty units which are geographically dispersed throughout eight states from California to Alabama. The regiment consists of Marine reservists, active duty Marines and active duty Navy personnel. The regimental headquarters is located in San Bruno, California.
Dunbar–Southlands

The competition started in January 2006 with the preliminary round where the Gloucestershire Warriors from the Rugby League Conference surprised an established Pennine League team in Illingworth. The final was scheduled to be played at the new Wembley Stadium but in March 2006 it became apparent that the stadium would not be ready for the final on 26 August so it was switched to Twickenham.

Plot.
5. In 1966 during a boiler maintenance period and underway on one screw while sailing near the DMZ, four unidentified contacts appeared on radar and were closing on the ship at high speed. The ship went to general quarters (battle stations). It turned out to be four "Nasty" patrol boats returning from a raid above the DMZ. From that point on, the ship never went to a boiler maintenance period on a single screw operation again while off the coast of Vietnam.
His record production credits include artists such as Paul Weller, George Benson, Maxi Priest and Terry Callier; he has also collaborated with Stevie Wonder.
Land.
Driving career.

Catholicism was first propagated in Nepal during the 18th century, though from 1810 to 1950 no missionaries were allowed in Nepal. Since 1951, missionaries have again been allowed, though conversion to Christianity is still illegal. In 1983 a mission "sui iuris" covering Nepal was created, and in 1996 it was raised to an Apostolic Prefecture. The 1990 Nepali constitution did not guarantee religious freedom for Christians, but as of May 2006 Nepal has been declared a secular state. The interim constitution, finalized in 2007, guarantees some religious freedom but prohibits people from trying to convert others. On February 10, 2007, Benedict XVI elevated the prefecture of Nepal to the rank of a vicariate and appointed Anthony Sharma as the first vicar and first Nepalese bishop of the Catholic Church.
Some conventions have established charity auctions, which (in the US) usually raise several thousand dollars for the convention's yearly charity, typically a wildlife refuge, nature reserve, animal shelter, sanctuary or rescue group. Organizers may also donate from the convention's own funds. In total, furry conventions raised over US$50,000 for charity in 2006, with "Further Confusion" and "Anthrocon" raising over US$60,000 throughout their history.
