Mya truncata, common name the "blunt gaper", is a species of edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Myidae.
Puente Rodolfo Robles
He was born in Vancouver. At the 1960 Summer Olympics he was the stroke (Captain) of the Canadian boat that won the silver medal in the eights event. This was the only medal the Canadians won that year.
Adults of "Cyclemys" also develop a joint in the middle of their plastrons (known as a plastral hinge), enabling them to articulate the front and rear halves to some extent. Unlike the closely related "Cuora", which can completely close its shell because of the hinge, "Cyclemys" plastral hinges only close the shell partially. The plastral hinge may also play a significant role in facilitating egg-laying in adult females.
Lebanese Christians are known to be specifically linked to the root of Lebanese Nationalism and opposition to Pan-Arabism in Lebanon, this being the case during 1958 Lebanon crisis. When Muslim Arab nationalists backed by Gamel Abdel Nasser tried to overthrow the then Christian dominated government in power, due to displeasure at the government's "pro-western" policies and their lack of commitment and duty to the so-called "Arab brotherhood" by preferring keep Lebanon away from the Arab League and the political confrontations of the Middle East. A more hard-nosed nationalism among some Christian leaders, who saw Lebanese nationalism more in terms of its confessional roots and failed to be carried away by Chiha's vision, clung to a more security-minded view of Lebanon. They regarded the national project as mainly a program for the security of Christians and a bulwark against threats from Muslims and their hinterland.
Ramon Vila Capdevila (, 2 April 1908 - 7 August 1963), sometimes known by various nicknames, including Caraquemada (Spanish: "burnt-face"), was a Catalan anarchist, member of the "Confederación Nacional del Trabajo" (Spanish: National Confederation of Labor), and guerrilla fighter.
Myrsine howittiana (Brush Muttonwood or Muttonwood ) is a shrub or small tree in the family Myrsinaceae. The species is endemic to eastern Australia.
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award Honorable Mention"
The Santa Teresa tram route rises from downtown Rio de Janeiro and follows a circuit of Santa Teresa hill, offering a high-level view of the city. It passes over the high Carioca Aqueduct, a former aqueduct constructed in the 18th century and beneath which standard-gauge electric trams used to run. Except for the aqueduct, the route is shared by motor vehicles.
In the mid-term perspective the Fund is planned to accumulate USD 100 million. The first contribution to the Skolkovo Endowment Fund was made by PricewaterhouseCoopers and accounted for
Denmark–Vietnam relations relates to foreign relations between Denmark and Vietnam. Both countries established diplomatic relations on November 25, 1971. On April 1, 1994, Denmark established an embassy in Hanoi, and since August 12, 2000, Vietnam has had an embassy in Copenhagen.
Plot.
Temuco.
Plot.
