He is married to Carol, a Jungian analyst, with whom he has six children. He lives in County Kildare, Ireland.
Endorsements.
HMS Comus (1806)
The Montes Universales limit on the northeast with the paleozoic massifs of Caimodorro and Loma Alta, in the southeast with the Serranía de Cuenca and with the Sierra de Jabalón and the Túria Valley in the east.
The Cathedral Church of Saint Michael and All Angels (formerly The St. Michael's Parish Church), is an Anglican church located on St. Michael's Row, two blocks east of National Heroes Square; at the centre of Bridgetown, Barbados. The Cathedral is the tallest of the Anglican (Church of England)'s houses of worship within Barbados.
List of Superjail! episodes
Myotis phanluongi is a species of mouse-eared bat. It was described by Borisenko et al. in 2008. It is known from Vietnam.
"On 20th January 1865 William Henry Bean, George Thomas Bean and Arthur Bean, of Torrenside, Tanners, were granted Title to 15 acres, part of Section 46 embracing the whole of the area later covered by Fauldings’ premises in Reid Street..." The adjacent Beans Road (now part of Dew Street) may have been named for them. They commenced making shoe and boot uppers, and by the end of 1865 had 14 workers so engaged in King William Street, in part of the building owned by J. Clarkson & Co.

Herluf Winge
In 2006, Young began investigating the facts behind the 1987 Hell's Kitchen murder of a young prostitute from Buffalo, New York, Michaelanne Hall, and the conviction of an intellectually challenged security guard, Lebrew Jones. Suspecting Jones had been wrongfully convicted, Young convinced the New York County District Attorney's Office to reopen the case, and Jones was freed from prison in 2009. 
Gräfenberg Railway
Business.
The statue is also the official emblem of the four-state Ozark Frontier Trail.

Sears was with Jefferson Starship (1974 to 1984) and its offspring Starship (1985 to 1987). He went on to play in the Jorma Kaukonen Trio with Kaukonen and Michael Falzarano. He also played with Kaukonen and Falzarano along with Jack Casady and Harvey Sorgen in Hot Tuna.

The song peaked at #45 on the Canadian Hot 100.
Auckland.
The couple often registers for gifts at a store well in advance of their wedding. This allows them to create a list of household items, usually including china, silverware and crystalware, linens or other fabrics, pots and pans, "etc." Registries are intended to aid guests in selecting gifts the newlyweds truly want, and the service is sufficiently profitable that most retailers, from luxury shops to discount stores, offer the opportunity. Registry information should, according to etiquette, be provided only to guests upon direct request, and never included in the invitation. Some couples additionally or instead register with services that enable money gifts intended to fund items such as a honeymoon, home purchase or college fund. Some find bridal registries inappropriate as they contravene traditional notions behind gifts, such as that all gifts are optional and delightful surprises personally chosen by the giver, and that registries lead to a type of price-based competition, as the couple knows the cost of each gift. Traditionally, weddings were considered a personal event and inviting people to the wedding who are not known to at least one member of the couple well enough to be able to choose an appropriate gift was considered inappropriate, and registries should therefore be unnecessary. Whether considered appropriate or not, others believe that weddings are opportunities to extract funds or specific gifts from as many people as possible, and that even an invitation carries an expectation of monetary reward rather than merely congratulations.
BlueToad, Inc. is a digital publishing company that converts PDFs into digital editions viewable on desktop and mobile devices. Types of publications include magazines, retail circulars and catalogs, marketing brochures, and documents. 

The following Kerry players were among the fifteen selected for the Football Team of the Millennium:
