

Långhalsen is a lake of Södermanland, Sweden. 

During the long election, on 23 May, the magistrate Giovanni Falcone was killed by Mafia near Capaci. After this event, on 25 May, the Parliament found a compromise and Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was elected with 672 votes. 
Aketi Territory is a territory in Bas-Uele District, Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The administrative capital is located at Aketi. The territory borders Bondo Territory to the north, Buta Territory to the east, Basoko Territory to the south, Bumba Territory to the west in Mongala District and Yakoma Territory in Nord-Ubangi District to the northwest. Rivers include the Likati River, Zoki River, Maze River, Tinda River, Tshimbi River, Elongo River, Aketi River, Yoko River and Lese River along the southern territorial border.
<doc id="33597810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33597810" title="Aeromarine AM-1">
During spring to summer, the plant blooms with very showy orange-red flowers. The bright yellow corolla, with some red stripes or spots, is about twice the length of the calyx, with a narrow tube and flaring lobes. The corolla is short-lived, lasting only a day or two, but the colored calyx is very long-lasting and decorative. Leaves are large, dark-green with brown touch and very ornamental. The thick and succulent stems are usually grown upright. The flowers are formed densely together as a bunch of foliage.

<doc id="33601725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33601725" title="Trans-Love Energies">
The guitars were originally designed and manufactured in early 1960s by Pioli in Cavriago, Italy. Very small productions were made, which makes these guitars very sought-after in the vintage guitar market. Some guitars by Pioli have appeared under other brand names such as Framez or Davoli.
The Art Collections principally comprise works by local artists, especially the Quaker brewers Samuel Lucas the Elder (1805–1870) and his son Samuel (1840–1919).




On 10 July, government forces captured several areas in the Bab Hud district. Heavy artillery strikes continued on Khalidiya, Wadi al-Sayeh, Hamidiya, Bab Hud and Baba al-Turkman. Meanwhile, most civilians had fled Khalidiya, with only rebel fighters and their families remaining, according to an opposition activist.
Simone Andrea Ganz (born 21 September 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Como. He is the son of former footballer Maurizio Ganz.

