US Version (E Pluribus Unum Recordings) Catalog Number: EPU5P 1032 (1999)
The campaign was flawed from the start since it was known that he opposed the 1920 strike and sided with planters. It was also known that the plantations were providing Okumura and his colleagues with facilities and paying their expenses, Okumura’s close relations with the planters raised distrust amongst the Japanese. The Japanese unionists began to reject Okumura as a “traitor” and “betrayer”. Many did not go the programs and those who did found it teaching them to become subservient workers. Amongst Okumura’s teachings was to reject materialism and value their role in society, this had an adverse reaction from an audience with little possessions and low social status and Okumura was accused of being a propagandist for the wealthy social elite. Buddhist priests were irate to discover the Christian agenda to converting Buddhists and that Umetaro Okumura was discussing with the planters to restrict Buddhist practices and close Buddhist churches on plantation land. Okumura was also known for his offensive remarks toward Buddhists “alien” and “pagan”. Instead of attracting the Japanese to Christianity to correct their spiritual flaws, the criticisms deepened their devotion to Buddhism or Shintoism and rejected Christianity.
He was a film critic for "Newsweek" magazine from 1967 to 1975, and also wrote for television shows including "Sesame Street" but is probably best known for writing "The King of Comedy" (1983) directed by Martin Scorsese. He was the author of many other screenplays, mostly unproduced, and also the books "The Open Man", "The Year the Mets Lost Last Place" and "The Marx Brothers at the Movies" (1968).
On the day of the takeover, the club tried to sensationally sign Dimitar Berbatov from under the noses of rivals Manchester United, with United manager Alex Ferguson even driving Berbatov on his arrival at Manchester Airport to United's training ground. News broke in the late evening on 1 September 2008 that the club was nearing a deal for Robinho for a British record transfer fee of £32.5m, beating rivals Chelsea who were poised to sign him for his services. Robinho did sporadically have impressive games for City however his inability to maintain consistency and adapt to the physical English game hindered his progress and later became a peripheral figure during his two-year spell at the club. City also made deadline day bids for David Villa and Mario Gómez.

