<doc id="27174836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27174836" title="Self-control theory of crime">
Grade II listed buildings in Liverpool-L5

Meneage gives its name to the Meneage Formation, which underlies most of the area. It forms part of the Devonian Gramscatho Group, the sedimentary sequence that lies structurally beneath the Lizard complex and is exposed along its northern boundary. The Meneage Formation is an olistostrome, of mudstone containing clasts of sedimentary, metamorphic and igneous rocks, which reaches up to in thickness. The sedimentary clasts include blocks of Ordovician quartzite that reach up to in length. In the upper part, some of the volcanic rocks appear to be in place (not as clasts) and are dated as Upper Devonian from conodonts in interbedded limestones. The sequence has been affected by very low grade metamorphism in the pumpellyite–actinolite facies, with the development of the assemblage pumpellyite + actinolite + chlorite + sericite + albite + carbonate ± clinozoisite ± prehnite in the basic volcanics. The alteration of the plagioclase feldspars to albite in these rocks has previously been explained as a result of metasomatism at the time of formation, and the rocks have been referred to as spilites. Such early alteration is possible but most of the effects are now interpreted to be a result of regional metamorphism.
The Exhibition.

Chart performance.
The height of the shell attains 8 mm.
In recent years the Keele River, the less travelled little cousin of the South Nahanni River, has become known as a world class destination for wilderness canoeing and rafting, seeing hundreds of people paddle down its lower section each summer. This is due to a perfect combination of spectacular rugged mountain scenery, excellent fishing and wildlife viewing and fun but challenging class 2+ whitewater with no portages. Swift currents, rapids and glacial cold water in a wilderness setting hundreds of kilometres from the nearest road mean that this river offers a thrill and a challenge to all who paddle it. Several outfitting and guiding companies offer guided tours down the Natla/Keele river system during all months of the summer. Trips usually depart Norman Wells by floatplane and land on the river at the Natla-Keele confluence. Trip length is usually between 10 to 14 days, however it is feasible to have a longer trip by pairing the Keele with the Natla river. (It should be noted that the Natla is a class 3-4 river, and therefore is an experts only trip).
