<doc id="73527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=73527" title="Isaac II Angelos">
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,021 people, 2,222 households, and 1,553 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km²). There were 3,156 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 76.41% White, 18.43% Black or African American, 1.81% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 2.08% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. 4.50% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Cultural influences.
The leader of the majority party (or majority coalition) is formally appointed by the governor as the Chief Minister (head of government).
The Newsreels.
(vii) administrative agencies (alphabetically by agency).
Romanos placed himself at the head of a substantial body of troops and began his march towards Akhlat, leaving the bulk of the army under the command of Philaretos Brachamios with orders to defend the Mesopotamian frontier. Philaretos was soon defeated by the Turks, whose sack of Iconium forced Romanos to abandon his plans and return to Sebaste. He sent orders to the Dux of Antioch to secure the passes at Mopsuestia, while he attempted to run down the Turks at Heracleia. The Turks were soon hemmed in in the mountains of Cilicia, but they managed to escape to Aleppo after abandoning their plunder. Romanos once again returned to Constantinople without the great victory he was hoping for.

Road traffic namesake.
Born in Amorium, Michael was a soldier, rising to high rank along with his colleague Leo V the Armenian (r. 813–820). He helped Leo overthrow and take the place of Emperor Michael I Rangabe. However, they later had a falling out, and Leo sentenced Michael to death. Michael then masterminded a conspiracy which resulted in Leo's assassination on Christmas 820. Immediately he faced the long revolt of Thomas the Slav, which almost cost him his throne and was not completely suppressed until spring 824. The later years of his reign were marked by two major military disasters that had long-term effects: the beginning of the Muslim conquest of Sicily, and the loss of Crete to the Saracens. Domestically, he supported and strengthened the resumption of official iconoclasm, which had begun again under Leo V.
Dukakis' final two years as governor were marked by increased criticism of his policies and significant tax increases to cover the economic effects of the U.S. economy's "soft landing" at the end of the 1980s and the recession of 1990. He did not run for a fourth term in 1990; Boston University President John Silber won the Democratic nomination, but lost the general election to Republican William Weld.
Saint Jerome may also refer to:
Sovereign state hosting the Greeks.
Transport.
Polk County, Florida
E-learning also has been rising as a supplement to the traditional classroom. Students with special talents or interests outside of the available curricula use e-learning to advance their skills or exceed grade restrictions. Some online institutions connects students with instructors via web conference technology to form a digital classroom. These institutions borrow many of the technologies that have popularized online courses at the university level.
Retton has an uneven bars move called "The Retton Flip", a transition (front flip) from low- to high-bar, resulting in the gymnast perched or "sitting" on top of the high bar. This move and many others like it are no longer in the Code of Points due to belly beating no longer in use on bars.
The city of Chur suffered several invasions, by the Magyars in 925-926, when the cathedral was destroyed.
According to George Burns, Warner Brothers was not impressed with the short, which he himself described as, "not the greatest," so they were not asked to shoot any more for the studio. Burns, however was so enamored by the paycheck that he actively sought out more film work and was quickly embraced by Paramount Pictures, with whom Burns and Allen subsequently released a whole series of short subjects.
<doc id="74954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=74954" title="Or">
It is located on the Muweis Canal and is the chief hub of the corn and cotton trade. There is a small museum called the Orabi Museum that contains some interesting archaeological exhibits.
The Sandstorm report, parts of which were leaked to The Sunday Times, included details of how the Abu Nidal terrorist group had manipulated details and through using fake identities had opened accounts at BCCI's Sloane Street branch, near Harrods in London. Britain's internal security service, MI5, had signed up two sources inside the branch to hand over copies of all documents relating to Abu Nidal's accounts. One source was the Syrian-born branch manager, Ghassan Qassem, the second a young British employee.
Stengel announced his retirement from the Mets on August 30, 1965, a month after he broke his hip while falling off of a bar stool. 
"Flatland" (2007), a 98-minute animated independent feature film version directed by Ladd Ehlinger Jr, updates the satire from Victorian England to the modern-day United States.
Hidden material.
"Why Don't We Do It in the Road?" was written by McCartney in India after he saw two monkeys copulating in the street and wondered why humans were too civilised to do the same. He played all the instruments except drums, which were contributed by Starr. The simplistic lyric was very much in Lennon's style, and Lennon was annoyed about not being asked to play on it. McCartney suggested it was "tit for tat" as he had not contributed to "Revolution 9".
<doc id="75472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=75472" title="Transportation planning">
In Europe, the Nordic countries have a sauna tradition. The Finnish sauna culture is well established, there are built-in-saunas in almost every house in Finland. The oldest known saunas in Finland were made from pits dug in a slope in the ground and primarily used as dwellings in winter. The sauna featured a fireplace where stones were heated to a high temperature. Water was thrown over the hot stones to produce steam and to give a sensation of increased heat. This would raise the apparent temperature so high that people could take off their clothes. The first Finnish saunas are what nowadays are called "savusaunas", or smoke saunas. These differed from present-day saunas in that they were heated by heating a pile of rocks called "kiuas" by burning large amounts of wood about 6 to 8 hours, and then letting the smoke out before enjoying the "löyly", or sauna heat. A properly heated "savusauna" gives heat up to 12 hours.
Wheel.
Roanoke's festivals and cultural events include the Chili Cook-Off, Festival in the Park, Local Colors Festival, Henry Street Festival, Big Lick Blues Festival, Strawberry Festival, and the large red, white, and blue illuminated Mill Mountain Star (formerly illuminated in red following drunk driving fatalities in the Roanoke Valley; temporarily illuminated in white on April 22, 2007 in remembrance of the Virginia Tech Massacre of April 16, 2007) on Mill Mountain, which is visible from many points in the city and surrounding valley.
Grimm is the godfather of Reed and Sue's son Franklin, who affectionately calls him "Uncle Ben".
Nernst researched osmotic pressure and electrochemistry. In 1905, he established what he referred to as his "New Heat Theorem", later known as the Third law of thermodynamics (which describes the behavior of matter as temperatures approach absolute zero). This is the work for which he is best remembered, as it provided a means of determining free energies (and therefore equilibrium points) of chemical reactions from heat measurements. Theodore Richards claimed Nernst had stolen the idea from him, but Nernst is almost universally credited with the discovery.
In 2008, KPMG in the UK was named the best big company to work for by The Times. This was the fourth consecutive year that KPMG has made the top three.
Grapefruit scene.
Hervanta

2011: 14.97 millions
According to McElwee, ""Backyard" previous film was a sketch for "Sherman's March", an experiment in how I could approach the bigger film"; "Backyard" is also "cruder" because, according to McElwee, "I was just learning to shoot as a one person crew. I was just getting over that odd sense of camera shyness in reverse. It takes awhile to summon the gumption to shoot people you know well, to be able to face them and talk to them as you're filming. Also, I was using a Nagra 4, a very large tape recorder: it weighs 20 pounds and I carried it slung over my shoulder. For "Sherman's March" I used a miniature Nagra SN, a very highly developed piece of recording equipment that could fit on my belt. This technological improvement made shooting much easier.
More than 95% of Bislama words are of English origin; the remainder combines a few dozen words from French, as well as some vocabulary inherited from various languages of Vanuatu, essentially limited to flora and fauna terminology. While the influence of these vernacular languages is low on the vocabulary side, it is very high in the morphosyntax. Bislama can be basically described as a language with an English vocabulary and an Oceanic grammar.
In March 2014, von Sydow guest starred in the animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
That sales pitch was typical of Wolfman Jack's growling, exuberant on-air style. In the spirit of his character name, he would punctuate his banter with howls, while urging his listeners to "get naked" or "lay your hands on the radio and squeeze my knobs". Part of the persona was his nocturnal anonymity; listeners from coast to coast had no idea how to recognize the face behind the voice that said things like "Wolfman plays the best records in the business, and then he eats 'em!"
13. "Mary's a Grand Old Name" (reprise 2) - Sung by Irene Manning. <br>
Caribbean.
Existential phenomenologists include: Martin Heidegger (1889–1976), Hannah Arendt (1906–1975), Emmanuel Levinas (1906–1995), Gabriel Marcel (1889–1973), Jean-Paul Sartre (1905–1980), Paul Ricoeur (1913–2005) and Maurice Merleau-Ponty (1908–1961).
Many of the Animals' hits had come from Brill Building songwriters recruited by Mickie Most; the group, and Burdon in particular, felt this too creatively restrictive. As 1965 ended, the group ended its association with Most, signed a new deal with their American label MGM Records for the US and Canada, and switched to Decca Records for the rest of the world and MGM Records producer Tom Wilson, who gave them more artistic freedom. In early 1966 MGM collected their hits on "The Best of the Animals"; it became their best-selling album in the US. In February 1966, Steel left and was replaced by Barry Jenkins. A leftover rendition of Goffin-King's "Don't Bring Me Down" was the last hit as the Animals. For the single "See See Rider" the band changed its name to Eric Burdon & the Animals. By September 1966, this lineup of the group had dissipated.
History.
On another occasion, the Thyiades were snowed in on Parnassos and it was necessary to send a rescue party. The clothing of the men who took part in the rescue froze solid. It is unlikely that the Thyiades, even if they wore deerskins over their shoulders, were ever dressed more warmly than the men.
Others, such as "L. svecica cyanecula " (white-spotted bluethroat) of southern and central Europe, have a white spot in the centre of the blue bib. "L. svecica magna " in Turkey has no central spot.
Nautilus was the flagship product of the now-defunct Eazel Inc. Released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Nautilus is free software.
Conception.

Ajax Bird Seed was featured in the Warner Bros. "Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote" cartoons short "Zip 'N Snort" in a scene where the bird seed covers Acme brand Iron Pellets. Ajax glue was also featured in a "Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote" cartoons short "Rushing Roulette".
Louis of Orléans was one of the great feudal lords who opposed the French monarchy in the conflict known as the Mad War. At the royal victory in the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier in 1488, Louis was captured, but Charles VIII pardoned him and released him. He subsequently took part in the Italian War of 1494–1498 as one of the French commanders.
The Jewish Encyclopedia: Brotherly Love states:
By May 2007 the construction of all 31 Beijing-based Olympic Games venues had begun. The Chinese government renovated and constructed six venues outside Beijing as well as 59 training centres. The largest structures built were the Beijing National Stadium, Beijing National Indoor Stadium, Beijing National Aquatics Center, Olympic Green Convention Center, Olympic Green, and Beijing Wukesong Culture & Sports Center. Almost 85% of the construction budget for the six main venues was funded by $2.1 billion (RMB¥17.4 billion) in corporate bids and tenders. Investments were expected from corporations seeking ownership rights after the Olympics. Some events were held outside Beijing, namely football in Qinhuangdao, Shanghai, Shenyang, and Tianjin; sailing in Qingdao; and, because of the "uncertainties of equine diseases and major difficulties in establishing a disease-free zone", the equestrian events were held in Hong Kong.
<doc id="77788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=77788" title="Albert Uderzo">
Historic sites.
Initial programming on the network consisted of first-run shows, such as "It's a Miracle", the game show "The Reel to Reel Picture Show", and talk shows "Woman's Day" and "Great Day America"; along with reruns of older programming, including "Highway to Heaven", "Here's Lucy", "The Hogan Family", "Dave's World", "Touched by an Angel", and new episodes and older reruns of "Candid Camera". The network also created some original dramas such as "", "Doc", "Mysterious Ways" (which originated on NBC), "Hope Island" and "Twice in a Lifetime". Pax TV also initially ran a children's programming block on weekend mornings that was produced by DIC Entertainment, originally titled "Freddy's Firehouse". Pax also aired many game shows including first-run revivals of established cable games such as "Supermarket Sweep" and "Shop 'til You Drop", along with some original shows like "On the Cover", "Balderdash", a 2002 revival of "Beat the Clock", "Hollywood Showdown" (in conjunction with Game Show Network, which also aired the show) and "Born Lucky". The network would later carry reruns of "Family Feud" and (due to its alliance with NBC) "The Weakest Link" as well as the 2000 revival of "Twenty One".
<doc id="77946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=77946" title="Arethusa">

Graphics tablets, because of their stylus-based interface and ability to detect some or all of pressure, tilt, and other attributes of the stylus and its interaction with the tablet, are widely considered to offer a very natural way to create computer graphics, especially two-dimensional computer graphics. Indeed, many graphics packages can make use of the pressure (and, sometimes, stylus tilt or rotation) information generated by a tablet, by modifying the brush size, shape, opacity, color, or other attributes based on data received from the graphics tablet.
In the latest genomic study of Felidae, the common ancestor of today's "Leopardus", "Lynx", "Puma", "Prionailurus", and "Felis" lineages migrated across the Bering land bridge into the Americas 8.0 to 8.5 million years ago (Mya). The lineages subsequently diverged in that order. North American felids then invaded South America 3 Mya as part of the Great American Interchange, following formation of the Isthmus of Panama. The cougar was originally thought to belong in "Felis" ("Felis concolor"), the genus which includes the domestic cat. As of 1993, it is now placed in "Puma" along with the jaguarundi, a cat just a little more than a tenth its weight.
Charity.
