<doc id="12920281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12920281" title="Symplocos molinae">

Best Documentary.

Tocoyena pittieri

Tristaniopsis vieillardii is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia. 

Vatica globosa is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. 
Ida Bagus Oka

the warrior of the proved troops destroyed her, 
"Swietenia mahagoni" is a medium-sized semi-evergreen tree growing to tall. The leaves are pinnate, long, with four to eight leaflets, each leaflet long and broad; there is no terminal leaflet. The flowers are small, produced in panicles. The fruit is a woody capsule long and broad, containing numerous winged seeds.
Route description.
1998 "Sky Burial: The Destiny of Tibet" (天葬:西藏的命运), Mirror Books Publishing
9. "Vojvodina je snaga Srbije – mr Igor Kurjački"
__NOTOC__
Trees grow up to 13 meters. It has very small, round flowers with five petals. It flowers in March and April. Its fruits have one or two seeds, whereas all other Zinoweiwia species have only one seed. The leaves are also smaller than other species.
<doc id="12930548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12930548" title="Wim De Vocht">

After the death of Edward I Droxford ceased to hold office in the wardrobe, and in the first year of King Edward II sat in the exchequer as chancellor. On 25 December 1308 the king, in sending his congé d'élire to the cathedral chapters of Bath and Wells, nominated him for election; he received the temporalities of the see on 15 May 1309, and was enthroned at Wells about twelve months afterwards. During the first four years of his episcopate he was seldom in his diocese; "political troubles" he writes, in December 1312, "having hindered our residence". In later years, though often in London and elsewhere, and paying an annual visit to his private estates, he was also much in Somerset. He did not make either Bath or Wells his headquarters, but moved about constantly, attended apparently by a large retinue, from one to another of the manor-houses, sixteen or more in number, attached to the see and used as episcopal residences. Magnificent and liberal, he was, like many of his fellow-bishops, a worldly man, and by no means blameless in the administration of his patronage, for he conferred a prebend on a member of the house of Berkeley who was a layman and a mere boy, and in the bountiful provision he made for his relations out of the revenues of his church he was not always careful to act legally. He had some disputes with his chapter which were settled in 1321.
Rivalry.
Gisborne Girls High School is a girls' secondary school situated in Gisborne, Tairāwhiti, New Zealand. It was founded in 1956 when Gisborne High School was split into two single-sex schools.
Located in the Drainage basin of the Adour, the Gave d'Ossau forms the eastern border as it curves around the town and continues west, forming the northern border of the commune, to join the Gave d'Aspe to form the Gave d'Oloron at Oloron-Sainte-Marie. Many tributaries rise in the south of the commune and flow north to join the Gave d'Ossau including the Lamisou, the Arrec de Baycabe, the Ruisseau du Bois de Nougué, the Arrec de Lacerbelle, and the Ruisseau du Termy which forms the western border of the commune.

