Home page on the American Statistical Association website
The Biraban Public School was named after him in recognition of where he used to live.
Babao-Davila-Drilon era.
"Tararua" Forster & Wilton, 1973
It is located at , its elevation .
Delitzschala is an extinct palaeodictyopteran, the oldest known to science. It was discovered by two German entomologists in 1996. "Delitzschala" had a wingspan of just 2½ cm (1 in) and an irregular pattern of coloured spots on its wings. Although it was 320 million years old, these spots were still visible in the fossil. It is presumed that they camouflaged the animal, since dragonflies are unable to fold their wings.

The "Finger Tips" presenters were Stephen Mulhern and Fearne Cotton (later replaced by Naomi Wilkinson in series 4–5 and Tim Dixon for series 5). The show is about creating things out of household items and aimed at a child audience. The programme manager was Wendy Larkin.
3The Rouen v Standard Liège tie has also been reported as 0–0 3–3, but was officially recorded as 3–0 3–3.
Political life.
<doc id="5858253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5858253" title="Elizabeth Devine">
The Schecter Damien 6 is an electric guitar manufactured by Schecter Guitar Research.
DaVinci originally ran on proprietary "Power" workstations with dual 68040 or 88110 processors and several custom ASICs. Later it was ported to SGI IRIX based "Sprint" systems. Optional hardware included a high-speed FDDI interface and a second Ethernet controller.
<doc id="5859754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5859754" title="Paul Austin Kelly">
Trident University offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral level degrees, primarily focused around four core disciplines utilizing the Robust Learning Model (RLM), which was created by Dr. Yoram Neumann, the Founder and first President and CEO of TUI University.
There are also reports of interior locutions in which inner voices are reported, but no vision of divinity is claimed. The Vatican biographies of both Saint Teresa of Avila and Mother Teresa of Calcutta refer to their interior locutions, although Mother Teresa often preferred to remain private about them.
