The Santa Maria Basilica (the Basílica de Santa María de Castellón de Ampurias, or the Catedral del Empordà or the Catedral de Castelló d'Empúries in ), located in the municipality of Castelló d'Empúries in Girona, Catalonia, Spain, has for centuries been regarded as the Empordà Cathedral, although papal authorities have never grant it this rank. The building is the second largest in the Costa Brava, after the Girona Cathedral, and is big enough to justify a cathedral status. It is a Gothic building begun in the thirteenth century that replaced a primitive Romanesque church from the tenth century. A few vestiges of this building remains, such as the first floors of the bell tower and the grant baptismal. It was completed in the fifteenth century, when the marble facade and the alabaster altarpiece of the main altar were finished. It contains a museum known as "El Tesoro", which contains a large collection of religious jewelry.
God's Pocket may refer to

Dhaka University Proctor Amzad Ali flanked by ruling party Chhatra League men, said, “When they began demonstration yesterday we were sympathetic to their demand, but today [Thursday what they are doing indicates that some other forces, maybe from Jamaat-Shibir, have infiltrated them and doing the damage working from inside. These kind of activities are quite unacceptable.” 
<doc id="39944935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39944935" title="Seduce the Heaven">
History.
Norman Ian MacKenzie (18 August 1921 – 16 June 2013) was a British writer, journalist and educationalist who helped set up the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) in 1957 and the Open University (OU) in the late 1960s.
As in most of Germany's regional cuisines there are also many meat dishes of Franconia to be found, especially from pork meat. Very known are the baked pork shoulders, the so-called "Schäufela" (because of the shovel-like shoulder blade) with its cross and cut rind. Also very popular is pork roast with crust and potato dumplings which is also popular in Upper Bavaria where it is served with sauerkraut while the Franconians serve it with red cabbage, savoy cabbage or green beans.
