The Herald is the largest local media organisation, and enjoys a long affinity and reader involvement with the region's residents. It is also well read in Sydney (with readership figures showing an 20% increase in Sydney readership on Saturdays) and interstate, and is usually seen as an accurate record of business and local data for those looking to relocate to the region.
Parts of the creek flow through rapids; three miles in Highland County have been rated Class II (IV) whitewater rapids.
<doc id="5057448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5057448" title="Corso Italia (Toronto)">
Monsummano Terme is an "comune" located in the Province of Pistoia, Tuscany, central Italy. It is located in the Valdinievole, and is a popular spa resort.

Lloyd's Botanical Garden, or Darjeeling Botanical Garden, is a botanical garden in Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal. 
Spanish National Liberation Front (), better known by its acronym FELN, was a Spanish Republican antifascist opposition group based in Belgium and France active between 1963 and 1970. Its founder was Julio Álvarez del Vayo. 
The 29th Division was to attack astride the Ypres–Staden railway and form a defensive flank overlooking the Broembeek, with troops from two brigades. The right brigade took Chinese House and 't Goed ter Vesten Farm, as it formed a flank along the junction with the 4th Division further south. As a German counter-attack forced back elements of the 4th Division the 29th Division troops stopped them with flanking machine-gun fire and drove them back, allowing the 4th Division to regain the lost ground. North of the railway several pillboxes were captured by the left brigade and observation posts established.
The only light industry, though it too could be considered a service, is that of Nielson's Welding along Highway #2. The largest economic contributor is the Rockglen Co-op, which is the largest co-op south of Assiniboia, Saskatchewan, and through sales of products such as lumber to Montana cattlemen attracts a significant amount of foreign business.
<doc id="5061166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5061166" title="Mário Peixoto">
In 1997, Bernice McCabe left to take up the post of Headmistress in the North London Collegiate School for Girls. She was replaced by Monica Curtis, who oversaw the development of the new school Astroturf pitch in 2004, the extension of the sixth form common room to include toilets and showers in 2005, and the planned construction of a new music building in 2007. This new music building began construction in March 2007, with the building site taking up the majority of space on the school field behind the hall. The building has been built in the shape of an orchestra, and there are two large teaching rooms, practice rooms and a fully equipped recording studio inside. The building was opened in January 2008 by Dame Evelyn Glennie. Unfortunately, Mrs Curtis was forced to retire early due to ill health and Glynis Howland, previously a Deputy Head, became Acting Headmistress. The post of headmistress was advertised in the Summer term, but no appointment was made. The post was re-advertised in September 2006 and Nicole Chapman was selected as the school's new headmistress. She took up the post on 1 April 2007. The school converted to academy status on 1 January 2011.
See also.
Benson was assigned to travel with The Beatles on their inaugural American tour in 1964. One of his most recognizable images shows the band in a gleeful pillow fight in a hotel room.
Despite continuing his legal practice, he was attentive to constituency matter, and increased his majority in the 1955 general election. Politically, he was a founder of the One Nation Group. He was Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Attorney-General, Sir Lionel Heald, for three years, and then held three ministerial positions. He was appointed as a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Home Office in 1957. He took charge of the bill that became the Homicide Act 1957, earning the respect of Rab Butler, then Home Secretary.
<doc id="5063669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5063669" title="Dana Howard (contactee)">
The towns motto – "The town closer to the Sun. Town which carries the name of the Sun". The coat of arms of Saulkrasti represents the four rivers (white stripes) Inčupe, Pēterupe, Ķīšupe, Aģe, and five villages (green stripes) – Bādciems, Katrīnbāde (Pabaži), Pēterupe, Neibāde, Zvejniekciems. The top parts represent the sea and the sun.

In March 2006, Crystal Gail Mangum, an African-American student at North Carolina Central University who worked as a stripper, dancer and escort, falsely accused three white students, members of the Duke Blue Devils men's lacrosse team, of raping her at a party held at the house of two of the team's captains in Durham, North Carolina on March 13, 2006. Many people involved in, or commenting on the case, including prosecutor Mike Nifong, called the alleged assault a hate crime or suggested it might be one.
Federal Relations.
C1C
Guidance Department.
Imperial Coronation Egg
He completed the 2005 season in Tacoma and pitched in seven spring training games with the big league squad in Arizona before opening back in Tacoma. His spring training performance and 4–0 record and 1.38 ERA as the Rainiers' closer caught the eye of Mariners manager Mike Hargrove.
HTTP cookie
<doc id="5069017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5069017" title="Timur Ravilich Ishmurat">
Biography.
While the settings, continuities and plots of the games are unrelated to each other and vary greatly, there are many common elements and themes which tie them together. The first is a common theme of harmful interference by the mythos deities in the affairs of humans, and those humans' choosing whether to accept or challenge the predetermined fates given to them. Tetsuya Nomura defined the underlying story theme as "a battle of the gods that lies behind each tale and gives it inspiration in a different way." The second unifying factor is the structure of the "Fabula Nova Crystallis" universe, which is divided in two: the mortal world (the land of the living) and the Unseen Realm. The games share the same mythology, interpreted differently and referred to in varying degrees for each of the game worlds.

The Austrian Criminal Code previously specified 18 as the age of consent for male homosexual sex in which the other partner was aged 14–18, while no equivalent provision existed for heterosexual sexual conduct; this was Section 209 of the Criminal Code. In November 1996, an amendment was put before the Austrian Parliament to remove Section 209; but the vote ended in a draw, and the amendment failed to pass. In July 1998, a similar amendment was put forward; it was voted down by the conservative majority. Section 209 came into force when homosexuality between males became legal in 1971.
Section 22.011 (e).
Marc Price (born February 23, 1968) is a television actor best known for his role as Irwin "Skippy" Handelman on "Family Ties".
East Berliners and East Germans could at first not travel to West Berlin or West Germany at all. This regulation remained in force essentially until the fall of the wall, but over the years several exceptions to these rules were introduced, the most significant being:
Amatsukaze
David Sims of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode an A- / B+, calling it "perfectly good but just a little more forgettable than the stone cold classics season five opened with," including "some very memorable moments." Sims notes that much of the episode "makes George look like a fool."
