From that time onwards, Principato has recorded a string of solo albums, which have seen him accompanied by an ever changing backing ensemble. These include "Smokin' " (1985), "I Know What You're Thinkin'..." (1989), "In Orbit" (1991), "Tip of the Iceberg" (1992), "In the Clouds" (1995), and "Really Blue" (1998). "Tip of the Iceberg" was co-produced by Chuck Leavell, who had also performed on "Really Blue". In 1995, Principato's song "In The Clouds" was also considered for nominating for a Grammy.
2010 onwards
John Klunder
John L. Ballantyne III
Tom Williams House
Notable rescues and Awards.
Enthoven had substantial offers from American institutions to purchase her collection. She was once offered £9,000 by an American collector but refused and upon her death it became known that she had once turned down an American offer of £30,000. The collection was to remain in England. Enthoven continued to add to the collection up until her death. At the age of 81, the 'Grand Old Lady of London theatre first-nighters' still arrived at the Victoria and Albert Museum at 10 o'clock every morning to sort and index her playbills.
Treinen attended Osage City High School in Osage City, Kansas. He played for the school's baseball team as a freshman, but quit during his sophomore year as he developed prediabetes. He returned to the team in his junior year, with his fastball reaching . He enrolled at Baker University, where he played college baseball for the Baker Wildcats in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics in 2007. He transferred to the University of Arkansas in 2008, but did not play for their baseball team. He attempted to walk on to the Arkansas Razorbacks baseball team in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), but was denied the opportunity to try out. He began weight training.

"Walk Thru" was originally premiered on November 26, 2013, as a track on Rich Homie Quan's second official mixtape "I Promise I Will Never Stop Going In". The song was produced by Dupri from production team League of Starz and Problem, who is also featured on the song. The CD quality version of the song without DJ Drama's tags was released online on January 3, 2014. The song was then released for digital download by T.I.G. Entertainment on February 4, 2014.
