DCT has conducted numerous educational programs, both artistic and theatrical, for children and adults of all socio-economic levels, nationalities and races. 
On July 30, 2011, a senior researcher of the Academy of Military Sciences said China needed at least three aircraft carriers. "If we consider our neighbours, India will have three aircraft carriers by 2014 and Japan will have three carriers by 2014, so I think the number (for China) should not be less than three so we can defend our rights and our maritime interests effectively." General Luo Yuan. In July 2011, a Chinese official announced that two aircraft carriers were being built at the Jiangnan Shipyard in Shanghai. On 21 May 2012, Taiwan's intelligence chief Tsai Teh-sheng told the Legislative Yuan that the PLA Navy plans to build two carriers, scheduled to start construction in 2013 and 2015 and launch in 2020 and 2022 respectively. On 24 April 2013 Chinese Rear Admiral "Song Xue" confirmed that China will build more carriers and these will be larger and will carry more fighter-planes than the "Liaoning". In December 2013 China's Central Military Commission told Duowei News it planned to commission two Liaoning-pattern aircraft carriers by 2020, designated as Type 001A. Contracts have been awarded to China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation to build the two carriers. The cost is projected to be US$9 billion. A waist catapult could be fitted to one or both vessels to facilitate airborne early warning aircraft operation and air control. Presently "Liaoning" combines unassisted ski-jump launched aircraft with helicopters for antisubmarine and air defense operations.
Each year there are many Participatory Art events for the public. For example, giant bubble wands sculptor Lou Horton creates groups of bubble wands from steel and invites Artsplosure participants to come and make their own wands. Visitors can engage in a life-size game of chess on a board and pieces designed by scrap metal sculptor Lyle Estill.
Christian David Hanson (born March 10, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He was formerly in the St. Louis Blues organization in the NHL. Hanson played amateur hockey for the University of Notre Dame. He was not selected in the NHL Entry Draft, but signed a contract as a free agent with the Toronto Maple Leafs after his senior season.
Since 2007 they are involved in the sabotage of the "Copa Nacional de Caza del Zorro" (Spanish: "National Fox Hunt Cup"), which is held every year in Galicia, in which they pursue the hunters making noise with megaphones to scare foxes and thereby prevent them from being killed.

Beardius

