
Hoff made his major league debut on September 6, 1911. Pitching against the Detroit Tigers, he struck out the first batter he faced, Ty Cobb. In later years, Chet recalled that this was the highlight of his career.
The Amish have few written explanations 'why' certain things are regulated by the Ordnung. Non-Amish are not allowed to attend their council meetings, and most Amish are hesitant to discuss the details with outsiders, therefore the precise reasons are difficult to explain. They formulate their rules with two interconnected goals in mind. First, is it compatible with their values. If a particular decision might disrupt their religion, tradition, community, or families, they are likely to prohibit it. The second purpose is to create a fence between themselves and Englishers. Most Americans see the Amish as different because they drive buggies, use horse drawn farm implements, dress plainly, etc. These differences are not accidental. When asked today why they have rejected a specific thing, many members of the church will simply reply: “Because it’s not Amish.”
<doc id="1893189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1893189" title="National University of Patagonia San Juan Bosco">
All songs written by Carina Round.
Patricia Lawlor Hayes, OBE (22 December 1909 – 19 September 1998) was an English character actress.

<doc id="1894358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1894358" title="Keith DeCandido">
Under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), an international application, which is also called PCT application, "shall relate to one invention only or to a group of inventions so linked as to form a single general inventive concept". If the requirement of unity of invention is not met, the International Searching Authority (i.e., the patent office in charge of carrying out the international search) "is entitled to request the applicant to pay an additional search fee for each invention beyond the first which is to be searched". 
In old German or Saxon mythology, Irmin was the god of war and storms. Often identified with Norse Odin and closely related to him, Irmin is derived from Vedic god Aryaman. Germans considered Milky Way to be the path of Irmin, and called it 'Irmin's Way'.
Also, October 2012 was marked by the change in the management of Exit Festival. Bojan Bošković resigned from the position of the festival's General Manager, and was replaced by one of the original founders of the festival and the new Strategic Director, Dušan Kovačević. The new management introduced a new festival concept, Exit R:Evolution, which announced numerous changes to the existing one, as well as the fifth, warm-up festival day.
After the United States' entry into World War I in April 1917, General John J. "Blackjack" Pershing invited the British Royal Flying Corps to establish training fields in Texas for the training of American and Canadians volunteers because of its mild weather. After looking at sites in Dallas, Fort Worth, Waco, Austin, Wichita Falls and Midland, three sites were established in 1917 in the Fort Worth vicinity (known as the "Flying Triangle."), those being Hicks Field (#1), Barron Field (#2), and Benbrook Field (#3).
As a main road, Washington Street has had its share of streetcar and later bus routes. It also had the Washington Street Elevated from south of downtown to Dudley and later Forest Hills.
