Its coloration and markings vary. Its dorsal ground color ranges from brown in drier habitats to bright green in wetter areas. Some populations have blue coloration on their sides, and its ventral surface may be white or yellowish. The area around its eye may be white, blue, or green. Males may be patternless or have reticulations or chevron patterns on their dorsal surface. Females are duller than males, and may have a mid-dorsal stripe or dark chevron markings.
<doc id="26581091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26581091" title="NCAA Productions">
Week 17: vs. Oklahoma City Yard Dawgz.
On May 1, 2014, Premier Tom Marshall held a cabinet shuffle and appointed Davis as the Minister of Health and Community Services, replacing Susan Sullivan. Davis' appointment came after the government reversed a previous decision to provide cancer treatment at a new hospital in Corner Brook. Sullivan had stated for years that the population in the Corner Brook area did not warrant radiation therapy or a Positron emission tomography (PET) scanner. However, Marshall, who was sworn in as premier in January 2014, announced that both radiation therapy and a PET scanner would be part of the new hospital. In June 2014, Davis along with Marshall announced a company had been hired to evaluate the best plan for providing radiation therapy at the Corner Brook hospital.
Sale of extras: Car dealership financing departments make their most money from the extras they sell when financing arrangements are being made. These items usually have a high margin built into the price.
The Northern Branch Corridor Project is a proposed New Jersey Transit project to extend the Hudson–Bergen Light Rail along the line, restoring service to the landmark and other stations along the route. In a non-binding referendum in January 2011, citizens of Tenafly rejected the idea of the town being the northern terminus of the project.
Abdelkader Lecheheb

Liceranzu retired from football in 1989 at only 30, after one season with Elche CF also in the top level. Towards the end of the following decade he became a coach, working mainly in his native region: Úbeda CF, Zalla UC, SD Lemona, Amurrio Club, Barakaldo and Zamora CF.
The most visible change was the inclusion of the subtitle Magazine of urban information and thought, a declaration of principles which, in Manuel Cruz’s words, seeks to invite the reader to reflect on the content of cities, which have became exceptional spaces of reality, the settings for maximum collective intensity, in which the most significant part – both good and bad – of everything that affects us takes place. In this sense, Barcelona Metropolis looks at the city as a phenomenon in which what occurs in the local sphere is also, at the same time, a reflection of what happens on a global scale.
<doc id="26589832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26589832" title="The Caprivi Vision">
