Demographics.
Father Jimeno is known to have traveled with Father Mariano Payeras to San Jacinto, a distant rancho of Mission San Luis Rey de Francia in September 1821. He also appears in an 1836 sketch of Mission San Gabriel Arcángel. From 1838 to 1844 he held the position of "Presidente" of the California mission chain and of "Vicáreo Foraneo" to the bishop.

At the 2001 Grammy Awards the album won the Best Tropical Latin Performance field, giving Estefan her third win in this category. Also at the 1st Annual Latin Grammy Awards the video for the first single “No Me Dejes de Querer”, directed by Emilio Estefan Jr. and Gloria Estefan, won Best Music Video. The album became the biggest selling record of the year selling over 5.2 million copies worldwide. It was nominated for Pop Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 2001.
Through Marchant's career, he tended to appear in the lower order, for both the University and County sides, though in total he made 38 half-centuries and eight centuries in first-class cricket. Marchant died at the age of 82 in Roehampton, London.
Following the breakup of Yugoslavia, it was renamed to its current name in 1991, becoming the national lexicographical institute of Croatia, situated in 26 Frankopan Street of Zagreb.
He was a member of the Metric Commission of the Academy of Sciences, with Jean-Charles de Borda, Joseph Louis Lagrange, Antoine Lavoisier, Marquis de Condorcet, Pierre-Simon Laplace and Gaspard Monge, who presented on 19 March 1791, a report to the National Constituent Assembly in which the basis for the length of the meter was established. The report rejected the fixing by a pendulum that swings once at the equator, and defined the length of the meter as 1 ten-millionth of a quarter of a meridian. The meridian was subsequently measured by Jean Baptiste Joseph Delambre and Pierre Méchain
They were recognized through the 1888 Madras Village Court Act, then developed (after 1935) in various provinces and (after 1947) Indian states. The model from the Gujarat State (with a judge and two assessors) was used from the 1970s onwards. In 1984 the Law Commission recommended to create Nyaya Panchayats in rural areas with laymen ("having educational attainments"). The 2008 Gram Nyayalayas Act have foreseen 5,000 mobile courts in the country for judging petty civil (property cases) and criminal (up to 2 years of prison) cases. However, the Act has not been enforced properly, with only 151 functional Gram Nyayalayas in the country (as of May 2012) against a target of 5000 such courts. The major reasons behind the non-enforcement includes financial constraints, reluctance of lawyers, police and other government officials.
Deterministic context-free grammar
<doc id="10609992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10609992" title="The Ghost of the Executed Engineer">
History.
The ship is powered by two Westinghouse gas turbines and four diesel engines powering two electric motors providing 15,525 horsepower to two shafts. This gives the vessel a maximum speed of and an effective range of .


Anna Cummins (née Mickelson, born March 21, 1980 in Seattle, Washington) is an American rower who won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the women's eight. At the FISA World Rowing Championships in 2006, Mickelson won the gold medal in the women's eight with a new world's best time of 5:55.50, and with partner Megan Cooke, she placed 4th in the women's pair. At the FISA World Rowing Championships in 2007, Mickelson won the gold medal again in the women's eight and won the "B" final in the women's pair.
<doc id="10614971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10614971" title="Gallur">
The renowned virus expert Robert G. Webster provided perhaps the most extreme estimate when he acknowledged in March 2003 that H5N1 has the theoretical capacity to mutate into a form that could kill one half of the human population, stating, "Society just can't accept the idea that 50 percent of the population could die. And I think we have to face that possibility".
Shenoi Goembab was posthumously awarded the Konkani Person of the Millennium award by "Mandd Sobhann" (a Mangalore based Konkani organisation), on his 54th death anniversary(9 April 2000).

Note: This episode took place while Private Practice was on an extended hiatus due to the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America Strike.
Geoffrey Herbert Blackburn OAM (7 November 1914 – 13 July 2014) was a Baptist minister who served as Secretary and President General of the Baptist Union of Australia.
<doc id="10620253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10620253" title="Dharmatma">
Arun (Rajinikanth) comes back from America to India as a saint after 10 years of living abroad. His father (Thengai Srinivasan)does not want his son to be a saint so he asks a press reporter (Radhika Sarathkumar) to change him back to normal. She sets up a number of things such as an interview, which he thwarts. Later, on the pretense of taking him to a temple, she plans another set up. On the way to the temple, she pretends that the car has broken down and he leaves to roam around a bit. While he is walking he sees a crying child and offers him a chocolate. Suddenly he is swarmed by children and the adults of the village think he is a children kidnapper. During this commotion, Radika cut's Arun's beard off-a symbol of piety. After a few more set-ups such as this, he renounces his saint hood.

Filmography.
In 1466 the "Kästenburg" was the property of the Bishopric of Speyer, which Prince-elector Friedrich I protected for Bishop Matthias. An inventory taken one or two years before shows the castle still decently equipped.
Albert de Rippe ("Alberto da Ripa") (c. 1500–1551) was an Italian lutenist and composer. He was born in Mantua and worked there before 1528, when he left for France. There, he joined the court of Francis I. De Rippe was evidently held in great esteem at the court, as his annual salary was double that of any other lutenist, and he also frequently received gifts of land, money, wine, etc., and various other benefits. He only published three works during his lifetime, but six volumes of his music were published posthumously by his pupil, Guillaume de Morlaye. That edition was titled, and is now sometimes referred to as, "tablature de leut".
<doc id="10626418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10626418" title="Pallas (son of Lycaon)">


Venomous snakes that contain neurotoxic venom such as kraits, mambas, and cobras can also cause complete flaccid paralysis.
Unique Recording Studios was a technologically innovative five room recording studio operating in New York City from 1978 until 2004. The business got off the ground as a rehearsal studio with a Tascam 8 track recorder in 1978, but soon expanded to 16, and then 24 tracks with the first Otari MTR-90. Some of the biggest names in the music world recorded at Unique. The still operating Unique Recording Studio website lists the following among their former clients: Madonna. Mariah Carey, Tina Turner, Anita Baker, Steve Winwood, Joe Cocker, Billy Ocean, Michael Bolton, Michael McDonald, James Ingram, Donna Summer, Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Danny Gatton, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Pet Shop Boys Chaka Khan, David Sanborn, Billy Idol, The Rolling Stones, Aerosmith, Aztec Camera, Marilyn Manson, Nine Inch Nails, Pet Shop Boys, Cheap Trick, James Brown, George Clinton, Bee Gees, Arthur Baker, Stevie Nicks, Miles Davis, McCoy Tyner, Herbie Hancock, Quincy Jones, Al B. Sure! New Edition, New Kids on the Block, Jimmy Cliff, Queen Latifah, Run–D.M.C., The Notorious B.I.G., 2Pac, Nas, Kanye West and Alicia Keys.
The United States defeated Chile in the Americas Zone final, Australia defeated India in the Eastern Zone final, and Romania and Spain won the Europe Zones. In the Inter-Zonal Zone, the USA defeated Spain and Romania defeated Australia. The USA defeated Romania in the final, giving the US their 5th straight title. The final was played at the Club Sportiv Progresul in Bucharest, Romania, on 13–15 October.
<doc id="10633341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10633341" title="Dengeki Hobby Magazine">
Leon M. Goldstein High School allows students to take a variety of Advanced Placement classes. The AP classes that are currently taught at LMG are AP Chemistry, AP Physics B, AP English Language and Composition, AP English Literature and Composition, AP Spanish Language, AP Global History, AP United States History, AP Economics, AP Calculus AB, and AP Statistics. Students in the elective photography, painting, and ceramics classes can take the AP Studio Art exams.
The Tiger ARH (Armed Reconnaissance Helicopter) was designed to provide significant reconnaissance and fire support in a combined arms team and is equipped with Hellfire missiles, 70 mm rockets and cannons. 22 Tigers will be delivered to the Army under the AIR 87 Project, built at the Australian Aerospace Brisbane facility.


<doc id="10638032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10638032" title="My Yiddishe Momme">
He played in 181 games for the Rabbitohs between 1984 and 1993, scoring 21 tries and kicking 7 goals (98 points).
Lee Long was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in 2001 to represent the seat of Tablelands. Tablelands had before 1998 been a safe seat for the National Party, but fell at the 1998 election to Shaun Nelson of the One Nation Party. Lee Long was a campaign worker for Nelson during this election. Nelson subsequently left the party in 1999 amid internal tensions, and recontested the seat at the 2001 election as an independent, losing out to Lee Long. By this point, support for the One Nation party had sharply declined from the party's high point, and Lee Long was one of only three One Nation MPs in the Legislative Assembly.
Stanley Richieri Afonso
Initially Revathi and Rubini were reported to play the two female characters in the movie. Due to date clashes, Revathi's role was offered to Radha and Rubini's role to Nadiya. This was the last film for Radha and Nadiya to act with Rajinikanth.
On April 16, 2008, Eric Boyd was found guilty in Federal court of being an accessory to a fatal carjacking and for failing to report the location of a known fugitive. Boyd's was the first case to go to trial, and he was the only suspect not charged with murder. He was sentenced to the maximum of 18 years in Federal prison. He is currently incarcerated at Beckley FCI.
