
Mintek has its origins in co-operation between the government of South Africa and the University of the Witwatersrand .
Explanatory notes
Rugby union in Mexico
2009 Thai FA Cup Final
Flamurtari Vlorë.
Production bases.
Knight Foundation NOWcastSA Grant received.
Representative Fairclough is divorced and has two children, Cory and Garret. Fairclough is a graduate of Service High School, and also attended school for a time in Unalaska. She later studied finance at the University of Alaska Anchorage and the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
Ruddiman's most important publishing venture was his "Weekly Magazine", established (through its first issue) on 7 July 1768. It was a weekly broadsheet which commercially described itself as a digest of "all the Magazines, Reviews, Newspapers, &c. published in Great Britain [...] being a Register of the Writings and Transactions of the Times"; a description that allowed Ruddiman to avoid the stamp duty carried at that time by newspapers but not by literary periodicals. The magazine was a great success in Edinburgh and further afield with a circulation of around 3000 copies per week throughout the 1770s. Ruddiman's eldest son, Thomas (1755–1825) became a partner in April 1772. 
A warlike people whose tribal name later became a byword for unruly behaviour, the Turboletae were a constant source of trouble to most of their neighbours. Not only they harassed the Celtiberian Belli and Titii, but also raided the southeastern Iberian peoples throughout most of the 3rd century BC, in particularly the Edetani city-state of Saguntum. As allies of Carthage the Turboletae actively participated in the incident that triggered the 2nd Punic War, the siege of Saguntum in 219-218 BC, where they assisted the Carthaginian troops in the final assault and looting of the city, slaughtering a great deal of its inhabitants. The backlash came in 212 BC when the Romans and their Edetani allies invaded Turboletania, seized the capital Turba and razed it to the ground, selling his residents to slavery. In 205 BC the exhausted Turboletae sued for peace, on which the Roman Senate forced them to pay a huge compensation to the surviving citizens of Saguntum. However, the resentment fuelled by the heavy tribute imposed, coupled with the destruction of their capital city in the previous years may account for the Tuboletae revolt of 196 BC, under the apparent leadership of two generals named Budares and Baesadines. After being crushed by Q. Minucius, "Praetor" of Hispania Citerior in a pitched battle near the ruins of Turba, the remaining Turboletae population appears to have been either obliterated or simply reduced to subject status and their devastated lands divided among the Bastetani and Edetani, resulting in their total disappearance from the historical record.
The East Point Military Reservation was built on state land. It consisted of an early radar and an observation post. The site was planned to be named Fort Henry Cabot Lodge for the prominent family whose land the facility was built partly upon, but it was never acted upon.
Observer Panel
