Since the 1930s, the Muslim League had been lobbying and pushing its politics for a separate homeland for the Muslims of India, known as Pakistan. After Jinnah passed away in 1948, Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan's constitutional policies were directed to work on constitution. On 12 March 1949, Prime Minister Ali Khan had the State parliament passing and promulgating the Objectives Resolution, which ultimately declared Islam as state religion of the country. The main objective of Resolution was the "declaration of State's submitting to the democratic faith of Islam and to the sovereignty of God". Such resolution was met with great resistance in the state parliament when Law minister J.N. Mandal resigned from his ministry and gave great criticism to Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan. Politicization of Islam in the country further tighten its support when ultra-conservative Clerics passed a "demand draft", called 'Twenty Two Points' which called for the preparation of constitution according to Objectives Resolution, in 1950.
On Aug. 2, 2011, a fire at the caddy camp erupted during a propane delivery. The fire consumed three buildings and injured the driver of the propane tanker truck.

Beyond Saltburn a mineral freight line continues across Saltburn Viaduct and the edge of Hunt Cliff to the potash mine at nearby Boulby.
<doc id="1277858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1277858" title="Sandwiches (song)">
Lolly was one of the first guitarists to make extensive use of the distinctive Leslie rotating speaker effect in his electric guitar amplification set-up. Vegas played improvised, jazz-influenced guitar. Drummer Peter DePoe (born 1943, Neah Bay, Washington) is credited with pioneering the "King Kong" style of drumming, which features sharply accented polyrhythms involving the bass and snare drums and is similar to funk styles of drumming. The band referred to DePoe's "King Kong Beat" in their lyrics to the song "Prehistoric Rhythm" on their debut album. Pat Vegas' style of Bass playing is still coveted by bass players in the world, even taught in college courses of music due to the level of creativity each member held.
The color difference in the members is clear and marked. The color of hübnerite has a variation from yellowish-brown to reddish-brown (Errandonea & Segura, 2010). Crystal and crystalline masses of hübnerite show a verity of lusters from adamantine, submetallic to resinous luster (Dutrow & klein, 2007). In thin splints hübnerite can be either transparent or translucent. The streak is related to the color being a shade lighter (King, 2005). All the wolframite family members possess a perfect cleavage on {010}. On {100} and {102} there is less-well developed parting. In hübnerite the fracture is brittle and uneven. Is common for all members of the wolframite to show simple contact twins on {100} or rarely interpenetrant twins on {001}. The hardness of hübnerite is between 4 and 4.5 and specific gravity between 7.12 and 7.18.
Azhakar Hills.
Endemic plants.
"Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow or Smilla's Sense of Snow" (Danish: "Frøken Smillas fornemmelse for sne") is a 1992 novel by Danish author Peter Høeg. It was translated into English by Tiina Nunnally (credited as "F. David" in the British edition). 
Traditional dances.
Cincinnati Reds / Cincinnati Redlegs (1947–1957).

Radar astronomy.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 07934 was 1,482.
<doc id="1280658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1280658" title="Long Range Surveillance">

Discovery.
Related instruments.
This solution required some rebuilding to convert the Hyde Street trackage and terminus to operation by the single-ended cars of the Powell line, and also to allow the whole system to be operated from a single car barn and power house. Much of the infrastructure remained unchanged from the time of the earthquake.
Ohio Ballot Board
The University of Rhode Island was established at Kingston in 1888 as the Rhode Island Agricultural School and Agricultural Experiment Station, by funding from the Hatch Act of 1887. In 1892 the Agricultural School became the Rhode Island College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts with funding from the Second Morrill Land Grant Act of 1890, later becoming Rhode Island State College in 1909 and the University of Rhode Island in 1951.


Education and early career.
The album has been certified Gold in the U.S. by the RIAA and contains the #1 Modern Rock single "Pets".
On July 7, 1951, St. Petersburg police chief J.R. Reichert sent a box of evidence from the scene to FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover. He included glass fragments found in the ashes, six "small objects thought to be teeth," a section of the carpet, and the surviving shoe.
Croly's Elite.
Research & Enterprise Centres.
In 1967, while searching the Collins family crypt for their rumored lost jewels, Willie Loomis (John Karlen) stumbled upon the chained coffin in which Barnabas slept. Believing the coffin to contain the Collins family riches, Willie inadvertently released the vampire. Barnabas attacked Willie and turned him into his unwilling servant.
Personal.
The 1996 paper on the median voter theorem develops a methodology for consistently estimating the relative weights in a senator's utility function and casts doubt on the median voter theorem, finding that the senator's own ideology is the primary determinant of roll-call voting patterns.
Phranc was an important influence on the Queercore movement, being acknowledged as such by Team Dresch in their song for her, "Uncle Phranc". In the 1990s many queercore bands and musicians involved in queercore music began collaborating with her. She appeared as a guest on the Team Dresch LP/CD "Captain My Captain" and, as well, members of Team Dresch, Tobi Vail of Bikini Kill, Patty Schemel of Hole and others have played with Phranc on her EP "Goofyfoot" and other songs. Phranc performs and is interviewed in the queercore documentary "She's Real, Worse Than Queer" by Lucy Thane and she has appeared frequently at queercore events such as Olympia's "Homo-a-go-go" festival. In the 1990s Phranc performed "Hot August Phranc", performing as Neil Diamond. On her full-length CD of 1998, "Milkman", she is joined by Steve MacDonald of Redd Kross, who plays bass. Her most recent releases, including "Milkman", appear on her own independent record label, Phancy Records.
As of March 2014, the Qeshm Air fleet consists of the following aircraft:
Personal.
Goldline.


Crossings of roads and railway lines.
Incat is a manufacturer of large HSC catamarans, based in the Derwent Park suburb of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia founded by Robert Clifford. The company builds large commercial and military vessels that use aluminium construction, wave-piercing and water-jet technology. Vessels have been constructed up to 112 metres in length and with cruising speed up to 40 knots (75 km/h).
The English School.
