On 24 June 2013, the band announced that their new album, entitled "AM", would be released on 9 September 2013. The album was recorded in Rancho de la Luna in Joshua Tree, California, and features guest appearances from Josh Homme of Queens of the Stone Age, Elvis Costello's drummer Pete Thomas and Bill Ryder-Jones of The Coral. Further, on 27 June, the band announced an eight date UK arena tour culminating with a homecoming gig at the Motorpoint Arena Sheffield. The band played at the 2013 Glastonbury Festival on 28 June as headliners at the Pyramid stage to resounding success, playing 'Mad Sounds' and 'Do I Wanna Know?' from the forthcoming album 'AM'. Arctic Monkeys also headlined the 2013 Open'er Festival in Gdynia, Poland and played on the main stage on 4 July. On 20 July, the band performed at Benicassim 2013.
In 1888, two days before his fortieth birthday, Thomas married Marguerite Blanche Leverson (1865–1930), daughter of James Leverson, a diamond merchant, and his wife, Henrietta. The marriage had been long delayed because of objections on religious grounds by the Leverson family. Thomas and his wife had three children, Amy Marguerite Brandon Thomas, Jevan Roderick Brandon Thomas (1898–1977), who each had theatrical careers, and Sylvia M. Brandon Thomas (born c. 1905), who did not.
<doc id="1720915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1720915" title="Arthur Moore">
Probably Nicklin is best remembered for his probity, which earned him the nickname 'Honest Frank'. It is not recorded who first coined the term, but it spread quickly and was widely accepted, even by Nicklin's opponents, as being accurate. Nicklin was not widely known when he became Premier, and while he was too modest a man to indulge in self-aggrandising publicity he was skilled enough as a politician to benefit from the way in which his reputation for honesty stuck with him.

Challenges to the concept.
In macro-economics the term infrastructure usually refers to public infrastructure. That is, that which provides or supports state services. There is also firm-specific infrastructure such as factories, private roads, capital equipment, and other infrastructural capital assets under private ownership.
Meanwhile, the "Küstenjäger-Abteilung" (or Coastal Raiders Battalion) of Rittmeister Conrad von Leipzig performed many amphibious raids along the coasts of the Black Sea, the Baltic and the Sea of Azov.
