The "de jure" standard definition of the Sockets interface is contained in the POSIX standard, known as:
According to G. Capdeville it was a custumary event that games were held at the foundation of a new settlement. These were connected with rituals that included athletic games such as footraces and marriage games along with invitations to settle in the new town: he mentions the instances of Caeculus at Praeneste and other in Crete (Dreros, Hierapytna, Praisos, Lytto, Cnossos). These events had all a religious meaning. In Crete as well as in Rome it looks the god involved was Vulcan (Bελχάνος), i.e. the Cretan Great God, later interpreted as Zeus. In Rome the relationship of Vulcan with Consus is apparent in the dates of their festivals and the fact that the "flamen volcanalis" officiated at the Kalends of May the sacrifice to Bona Dea.
New Britain.
The BSN tournament is played under the regular FIBA basketball rules. The teams regularly play a total of two games amongs them. For the 2014, the regular season will extend to 36 games. Of the 10 participating teams, the top 8 move on to the postseason.
Within hours, the name "Itanic" had been coined on a Usenet newsgroup, a reference to "Titanic", the "unsinkable" ocean liner that sank in 1912.
Culture.

In September 2008, MSNBC reported that several Hershey chocolate products were reformulated to replace cocoa butter with vegetable oil as an emulsifier. According to the company, this change was made to reduce the costs of producing the products instead of raising their prices or decreasing the sizes. Some consumers complained that the taste was different, but the company stated that in the company-sponsored blind taste tests, approximately half of consumers preferred the new versions. As the new versions no longer met the Food and Drug Administration's official definition of "milk chocolate", the changed items were relabeled from stating they were "milk chocolate" and "made with chocolate" to "chocolate candy" and "chocolaty."
His published writings mostly regard music by Italian and Danish composers from the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Jeppesen engaged in much primary research – locating early manuscript and print copies of old scores and preparing editions with annotations and commentary. In 1962 he finished the first complete thematic catalog of Palestrina's oeuvre. Among his accomplishments were the discovery of ten previously unknown masses by Palestrina in 1949.
Angus Og appears in the Irish poet and novelist James Stephens's novel "The Crock of Gold", where his aid is solicited by the Philosopher.
4 Express.
In "Cath Maige Tuireadh", Bríg invents keening, a combination weeping and singing, while mourning for her son Ruadán, after he is slain while fighting for the Fomorians. She is credited in the same passage with inventing a whistle used for night travel.
Herne
After Hiss had gone to prison, his lawyer, Chester T. Lane, acting on a tip he had received from someone who had worked with Schmahl that Hiss might have been framed, filed a motion in January 1952 for a new trial. Lane sought to show that (1) forgery by typewriter was feasible and (2) such forgery had occurred in the Hiss case. Unaware that the feasibility of such forgeries had already been established throughout the War by the military intelligence services that engaged in such practices, the Hiss defense sought to establish feasibility directly by hiring a civilian typewriter expert, Martin Tytell, to create a typewriter that would be indistinguishable from the one the Hisses owned. Tytell spent two years creating a facsimile Woodstock typewriter whose print characteristics would match the peculiarities of the Hiss typewriter.
Slane Electoral Area.
Emil Jellinek, a successful Austrian dealer and racing driver on the French Riviera who greatly admired Maybach's work, promised to buy a shipment of 36 automobiles for 550,000 goldmarks if Maybach could design a great race car for him following his specifications.

Polskie Linie Lotnicze LOT S.A. (, "Flight"), trading as LOT Polish Airlines, is the flag carrier of Poland. Based in Warsaw, LOT was established in 1929, making it one of the world's oldest airlines still in operation. Using a fleet of 55 aircraft, LOT operates a complex network to 60 destinations in Europe, the Middle East, North America, and Asia. Most of the destinations are served from its hub, Warsaw Chopin Airport.
References.
By 1926, management of the club had passed on to a new generation of members, and it was through their efforts that Odd were finally admitted into the regional series in 1927, ten years after the club was founded. A year later, all was set for entry into the Football Association of Norway, had it not been for the fact that the association refused to have two member clubs with the same name. The club therefore took on its current name, Rosenborg Ballklub, on 26 October 1928. Rosenborg is a mainly residential area in Trondheim.
The captaincy was given to Vic Richardson, Bradman's predecessor as South Australian captain. Cricket author Chris Harte's analysis of the situation is that a prior (unspecified) commercial agreement forced Bradman to remain in Australia. Harte attributed an ulterior motive to his relocation: the off-field behaviour of Richardson and other South Australian players had displeased the South Australia Cricket Association (SACA), which was looking for new leadership. To help improve discipline, Bradman became a committeeman of the SACA, and a selector of the South Australian and Australian teams. He took his adopted state to its first Sheffield Shield title for 10 years, Bradman weighing in with personal contributions of 233 against Queensland and 357 against Victoria. He finished the season with 369 (in 233 minutes), a South Australian record, made against Tasmania. The bowler who dismissed him, Reginald Townley, would later become leader of the Tasmanian Liberal Party.
Even in death, Monzón drew a crowd. Thousands sang "Dale campeón" ("Go Champ") during his funeral.
Since 1993 the Auckland campus in Albany has grown rapidly in a fast developing part of Auckland's North Shore City. It is the only campus to house departments from all five of the University's Colleges. Science and Business are the two largest colleges on the campus with the College of Science housing the New Zealand Institute for Advanced Study solely on the campus. Around 7,000 students are enrolled at Albany. This campus has grown since then and has an on-campus accommodation facility expected to be operational from semester one 2015.
