The 30-minute flag raising ceremony for the Philippine team was held at the Olympic Village on 22 July, attended by eight of the eleven Philippine Olympic athletes, five team officials, and other invited guests. The country was ninth out of 204 to have its flag raised as part of the Olympic tradition.
In 1905, he played Herod in the English premiere of Oscar Wilde's "Salomé", directed by Florence Farr, impressing critics Max Beerbohm and Robbie Ross. On the basis of this success, he was cast by Farr as Foragel in William Butler Yeats' "The Shadowy Waters". Yeats disliked his performance, complaining that Condamine was "over-emphatic and shoots his voice up and down the scale in a perfectly accidental way" and that "You cannot play Foragel without nobility or any of my verse without pride & he has neither." Yeats wrote "I long to get him by myself and make him speak on a note day after day till he had got rid of accidental variety" but since Condamine and the other actors were performing without pay as a favor to Farr, Yeats could not have him removed from the play.

<doc id="33019407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33019407" title="Sagartia elegans">
Bartholomeus Dolendo
In 2012, it was announced that The Blossom Twins were to be participants in the Challenge TV reality show "", alongside Rockstar Spud and Marty Scurll as contestants competing for a contract with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. The show began airing on 1 January and ended on 22 January 2013. In the third episode, The Blossoms Twins where seen at the Hall of Fame ceremony with Marty Scurll. In the final episode, The Blossom Twins faced Gail Kim and Madison Rayne to prove to Hulk Hogan and Dixie Carter they deserve the win, but Rockstar Spud was chosen as the winner of the show's first season.
Howarde's big break came with the play Possum Paddock which was released in 1919. The play was written, produced and presented by Howarde. The play brought such success she decided to turn it into a film, which she also starred in, produced, co-directed and co-scripted along with Charles Villiers. This was the first Australian feature film to be co-directed by a woman, making Howarde a female pioneer within the emerging Australian film industry. The film was set to be released on 29 January 1921.
