Children who are in grades K through 3 within the viewing areas of participate local stations can submit their entries to their local stations. Stories can be fact or fiction, and prose or poetry but each story must be done by single author. Stories with the illustrations done by kindergarten and first grade have word count of 50-200 words, and 100-350 words for grades 2 and 3. Each local PBS station handles local judging separately by grade levels. The first place winners from each station are sent to the national contest later in the year.
There have been several proposals to rename the station, however, the name was kept, since the decoration of the station, commemorating the city of Bucharest, was ready in advance, and it was unreasonable to make new design of the station.
He was educated at Loretto School.
71st Regiment
Japanese rose
Toros Mexico is a professional indoor soccer team based in Tijuana, Mexico, that plays in the United States-based Premier Arena Soccer League. They play their home games at UniSantos Park in Tijuana. The team is led by owner and head coach Joe Pollard.

<doc id="38052386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38052386" title="Brachinus psophia">

Google honored the 141st anniversary of the founding of the North-West Mounted Police. What is now the Royal Canadian Mounted Police featured prominently in the Klondike Gold Rush through its policing involvements.
Achievements.
<doc id="38056755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38056755" title="Max Wintermark">

The San Saba Mission was established in April 1757 near the site of present day Menard, Texas. Three miles away, a military post, Presidio San Luis de las Amarillas, was established at the same time to protect the Mission. The purpose of the Mission was to convert and pacify the Lipan Apache and extend Spanish influence into the Great Plains. The Spanish also wished to check the increase in French influence among the Indians on their northern frontier. 
2006 Nottingham Open – Doubles
