

The forest sharp-tailed snake is not as widespread as its relative "Contia tenuis" (sharp-tailed snake). The forest sharp tailed snake is found in shaded wet forests along the West Coast of the United States.
It has been described as an "economy version" of the Foster County Courthouse and Pierce County Courthouses (other North Dakota courthouses designed by Buechner & Orth). Its front facade has a center pavilion that is "virtually identical" to that of the Foster County Courthouse, which small variations.
Services.

The northern and westerns parts of Telfit contain ruins dating to the Byzantine and Early Islamic periods between the 5th-8th centuries. Ancient building material is used in some of the houses. 

Although Battlecross was heavily rumored to join the 2012 Summer Slaughter Tour, In April, Battlecross was announced to be the opening band for the highly anticipated touring festival, Metal Hammer's "Trespass America Festival" headlined by Five Finger Death Punch with additional support from God Forbid, Emmure, Pop Evil, Trivium and Killswitch Engage. The Trespass America lasted from July 13 – August 28, 2012 and is credited to be the band's breakout performance as a crossover metal artist, appealing to both death metal and mainstream metal fans alike and contributing to the band's growing popularity across the world.
On July 4, 2014, Straily was traded to the Chicago Cubs, with top shortstop prospect Addison Russell and outfielder Billy McKinney, for pitchers Jeff Samardzija and Jason Hammel. Straily had been pitching for the A's Class AAA minor league affiliate. Straily began with the AAA Iowa Cubs, but was called up to Chicago on August 16. Straily started for the Cubs that night against the New York Mets, giving up seven runs in five and a third innings and picking up the loss. The next day, he was optioned back to Iowa.
Cassius Dio was either the grandson or great-grandson of his namesake, the historian Cassius Dio, whose family originated in Bithynia. He was appointed "consul posterior" in AD 291 alongside Gaius Junius Tiberianus at quite a young age. This was followed by a posting as Proconsular governor of Africa from approximately 1 July 294 to 1 July 295. Then on 18 February AD 296, he was appointed "Praefectus urbi" of Rome, a position he held until AD 297.
restriction on equatorial geodesics.

