NJ has various policies to promote its "smart growth" strategy, intended to reduce urban sprawl and preserve open space, to reduce traffic congestion and travel times though decreased automobile dependency, to promote intrastate public transportation use, and to revitalize older urban and suburban areas through transit-oriented development. In 2009, NJDOT adopted a complete streets policy with one of its stated aims to make access to bus stops easier and safer.
Keith E. Gubbins
The Fiery Gizzard Trail offers hikers views of 636 types of vascular plants including mountain laurel, hemlock trees, beefsteak fungus, violets, Solomon's seals, Hepatica, trillium, dwarf crested iris, reindeer moss, and galax.

References.
With the BKR scattered under independent leadership throughout the country, the newly formed People's Security Army ( or TKR, now known as the ) drew officers mainly from the native members of the former KNIL. However, these officers were poorly received by Indonesian nationalists, who viewed them as mercenaries for having served in the Dutch forces. Meanwhile, rank and file members of the TKR were drawn from numerous groups, including former PETA, current Pemuda (young Indonesian revolutionaries), and the BKR. Although Oerip set out a command structure, in reality the army's hierarchy was provisional and depended heavily on the strength of local units.
History.
Cork City Park railway station was on the Cork, Blackrock and Passage Railway in County Cork, Ireland.
<doc id="35745482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35745482" title="Biem Benyamin">
Applications.
Fourth Allied Tactical Air Force (4 ATAF) was a NATO military formation under Allied Air Forces Central Europe tasked with providing air support to NATO's Central Army Group (CENTAG). 4 ATAF commanded all flying units based within its sector and all reinforcements flying into its sector, as well as ground based radar systems and stations, air defense units and the airfields in its sector.
1996.
