Randy Griffin is a professional boxer. While best known as a middleweight, he began as a light heavyweight and worked his way down in weight class. Griffin unsuccessfully challenged for the WBA Middleweight title on October 20, 2007, managing a draw against defending champion Felix Sturm, but losing against him July 5, 2008.



Dental anthropologist Peter Lucas suggests that the advent of cooking and preparing it by making food easier to chew led to the issues of malocclusion in modern humans and a steady decrease in the size of teeth. Because the food was made smaller, but not less tough, the human jaw shrank too much to adequately fit all of the teeth.

He was born on February 14, 1974 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union. In 2002 he graduated from Yerevan State Medical University with a degree in neurology. Worked three years in a psychological hospital. From 1993 to 2002 was a member (captain from 1997) of the New Armenians team of the Russian TV show KVN. In 2003 with the help of fellow New Armenians Artur Djanibekyan and Artash Sarksyan he founded Comedy Club. Together with Larisa Dolina he won the Two Stars TV show. He hosted the first two seasons of "Minuta Slavy", Russian version of America's Got Talent on Channel One. He and his wife Zhanna Levina met in Sochi, Russia and have a daughter Jasmine, who was born in 2004.
Gillian Bouras studied for her Bachelor of Arts at the University of Melbourne, and from 1967 to 1980 she worked as a secondary school teacher of English. In 1981 Mrs. Bouras completed her Master of Education thesis at the same university on the life of her grandfather: "School teacher in Victoria: the biography of Arthur John Hicks".
Nellie Pratt was born in Macon, Georgia on May 4, 1890.
Off-season.
The first practice session for 2008 Isle of Man TT Races featured an evening untimed session and Newcomers control lap on Saturday 24 May 2008. It was Guy Martin, despite a crash at the 2008 Pre-TT Classic earlier in the day, that dominated the first timed practice session on Monday 26 May 2008 with a lap of 17 minutes and 57.83 seconds an average speed of 126.020 mph on a 1000cc Honda for the Superbike TT race. The 2008 TT Newcomer, James McBride had a high speed crash at Gorse Lea on Monday evening practice suffering leg fractures. The Italian competitor Angelo Conti crashed at the 33rd Milestone and suffered minor injuries. There was a 2 day interlude to practice during Tuesday and Wednesday of practice caused by weather conditions on the Mountain Section of the course. It is announced that the replacement to the injured James McBride would be Michael Dunlop after the recent death of his father Robert Dunlop and his recent win in the 250cc class at the 2008 North West 200 Races had decided to compete at the 2008 Isle of Man TT races after all.
WYQS (90.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mars Hill, North Carolina, USA. The station is currently owned by Western North Carolina Public Radio, owner of the area's flagship public radio station, WCQS.
Block BM-S-11, which contains the Lula field, is operated by Petrobras with a 65% controlling stake while BG Group holds 25% and Galp Energia has the remaining 10% interest. According to Bear Stearns estimates, the value of the oil in the block ranges from $25 billion to $60 billion. BM-S-11 also includes Tupi Sul, Iara and Iracema fields.

For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action above and beyond the call of duty. Pfc. Petrarca advanced with the leading troop element to within 100 yards of the enemy fortifications where mortar and small-arms fire caused a number of casualties. Singling out the most seriously wounded, he worked his way to the aid of Pfc. Scott, lying within 75 yards of the enemy, whose wounds were so serious that he could not even be moved out of the direct line of fire. Pfc Petrarca fearlessly administered first aid to Pfc. Scott and 2 other soldiers and shielded the former until his death. On 29 July 1943, Pfc. Petrarca. during an intense mortar barrage, went to the aid of his sergeant who had been partly buried in a foxhole under the debris of a shell explosion, dug him out, restored him to consciousness and caused his evacuation. On 31 July 1943 and against the warning of a fellow soldier, he went to the aid of a mortar fragment casualty where his path over the crest of a hill exposed him to enemy observation from only 20 yards distance. A target for intense knee mortar and automatic fire, he resolutely worked his way to within 2 yards of his objective where he was mortally wounded by hostile mortar fire. Even on the threshold of death he continued to display valor and contempt for the foe, raising himself to his knees, this intrepid soldier shouted defiance at the enemy, made a last attempt to reach his wounded comrade and fell in glorious death.

Philanthropy.
