<doc id="1260166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1260166" title="Tinto (disambiguation)">
Pernitz is a town in the district of Wiener Neustadt-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. 
<doc id="1260753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1260753" title="Everyone Poops">
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC)
In 570 BC the Pharaoh Apries (Wahibre, reigned 589-570 BC) led the descendants of this mercenary army made up of 30,000 Carians and Ionians against a former general turned rebel by the name of Amasis. Although fighting valiantly they suffered defeat and Amasis II became Pharaoh (reigned 570-526 BC). Amasis shut down the "camps" and moved the Greek soldiers to Memphis where they were employed "to guard him against the native Egyptians."
History.
Packaging.
Individual flowers are greenish-white, borne on stalks (pedicels) some long. Each flower has six three-veined tepals which are long, slightly hooded or boat-shaped at their tips. The stamens consist of a pollen-producing another about long with a filament about the same length or slightly longer. The central style is long. Seeds are produced in a capsule long on stalks (pedicels) which lengthen to up to .
Units of action, or units (sometimes also called beats), were first suggested by Konstantin Stanislavski as a means of helping actors determine the through line or super objective of a role. A unit is a discrete piece of action in a play-text, marked by a significant change in action. This could be a change in what the characters already on stage are doing or trying to do, i.e. a change in their objective, a new character entering the scene or those already on stage exiting.
On 1 March 1836 Finlayson sold the factory to Georg Rauch and Karl Samuel Nottbeck on condition that they would retain his name for the factory. New owners complied and founded Finlayson & Compagnie. Finlayson worked in an advisory capacity for a couple of years before moving back to Scotland.
Soon after the podium ceremony, word arrived that the officials had found impurities in the water injection system on Brundle's Tyrrell and lead balls in the rubber bag containing the water. Samples of the water were shipped to France and Texas for analysis and found to contain significant levels of hydrocarbons. Ken Tyrrell was called to a meeting of the FISA Executive Committee on July 18 and, based on the impurities in the water, which had been topped up during a pit stop, was accused of refueling the car during the race. (Refueling had been banned prior to the 1984 season and remained illegal until 1994.) The team was banned from the remainder of the World Championship and lost the 13 points they had already gained, though they continued to race, unable to score points. That was weeks later, however, and the organizers in Detroit were grateful for the stirring drive by the English rookie that was the highlight of their event.
Since 2006 Spain has an electronic ID called DNIe.
New headquarters location is selected in Markham.
10- Mostafa Makri (1958–1960)

History.
The second demo "Live Suffer Die" was recorded and the band began touring the United States consistently. The band signed a multi-album contract with Combat Records and after recording the "Game Over" album in April 1986, the band secured a European tour with Agent Steel and Atomkraft. Later, feeling constrained by their contract with Combat, the band signed with I.R.S. Records and recorded "Survive" in 1988. The album reached number 145 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and Nuclear Assault set off on a 180-day world tour in the United States and Europe; first as an opening for Slayer and later headlining with British group Acid Reign as a support act. The next album, 1989's "Handle with Care", would see the band at their commercial peak, hitting the US chart at number 126, and peaking in the UK Albums Chart at No. 60, with more touring, including a trip to Japan and a U.S. tour opening for Testament and Savatage. The band released their first live album, "Live at the Hammersmith Odeon", in 1990, but internal troubles were causing problems for the band.
Born in Grodno in a family of Kryashen ethnicity as the son of an artillery officer of the Imperial Russian Army, Antonov graduated from Frunze Military Academy in 1921 and joined the Red Army during the Russian Civil War. He became an instructor at Frunze Military Academy in 1938.
A list of Georgian titled families was attached to the 1783 Treaty of Georgievsk between Georgia and Russia pursuant to Article IX's promise that Russia would allow those families to "...enjoy all the same privileges and advantages granted to the Russian nobility". Inexplicably, the list did not differentiate among the ranks of the families included therein (although they were apparently listed in descending order of rank). Russia eventually added all of them to the Fifth Book of Nobility, wherein were already included nobles that held the title of prince but who had no claim to sovereign or quasi-sovereign rank. The first family named on the treaty's list was that of Bagrationi, to which belonged Georgia's king and agnates, but henceforth they and all of the other families were accorded the title of "Knyaz" and the rank of ordinary nobleman in Russia. 
