Dating.
<doc id="27868484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27868484" title="2010 Sporting Challenger">

The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 376 parchment leaves (size ). The text is written in one column per page, 9-25 lines per page for biblical text, and 47 lines per page for a commentary's text.
Distribution.
<doc id="27872478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27872478" title="Chris Scelfo">
This species occurs in the Indo-Pacific from South Africa to Japan.
Cascade Park is a nature park and former amusement park in New Castle, Pennsylvania. The park was originally known as Big Run Falls when the area on which the park sits was purchased by Col. Levi Brinton in 1892. Power companies at the turn of the twentieth century found they could make profits developing amusement parks, so in 1897, the New Castle Traction Company (later known as the Pennsylvania Power Company, or Penn Power) bought the property from Col. Brinton. When the company held a contest for the park's name, ten-year-old Edwina Norris won ten dollars for submitting the name "Cascade Park". The park opened on May 29, 1897. It is noteworthy that the park was accessible not only via local trolley service but also via the Pittsburgh, Harmony, Butler and New Castle Railway, the "Harmony Short Line".
La Rose de Fer
Currently the scholl has only three grades. To continue any education children have to walk for well over an hour one-way to nearby Mynebri. This project started in December 2009 and will bring a proper school closer to a village community that really needs it to give their children a chance for a better future. Scheduled opening is planned for 26 September 2010.
Discoverer 29, also known as Corona 9023, was an American optical reconnaissance satellite which was launched in 1961. It was the first KH-3 Corona''' satellite, which was based around an Agena-B rocket.

Amanita elliptosperma, commonly known as the Atkinson's destroying angel, is a basidiomycete fungus, one of many in the genus "Amanita". Although its toxicity is unknown, it is likely to be deadly poisonous like its close relatives. Originally described from North Carolina, it`s found down the eastern United States from New England to eastern Texas.
Walter Rutkowski

Juliane Wetzel (* 1957 in München) is a German historian.
Adversity and restructuring.
Overall.
Born in 1631, Barberini was one of the five children of Taddeo Barberini and Anna Colonna, daughter of Filippo I Colonna. His siblings included cardinal Carlo Barberini and Lucrezia Barberini who married Francesco I d'Este, Duke of Modena.
Staring Down the Brilliant Dream
A Roman Catholic child Apollonia Kowalski (Juli Erickson) and a Jewish child Esther Blumenfeld (Dell Aldrich), were childhood best friends in 1940's Poland. The two girls were separated when Esther was taken away to a Nazi concentration camp. When the war ended, both girls separately emigrated to the United States with their families. They remained separated thereafter. 
Personnel.
Durbania amakosa

Of the other two, we know that in October, 1503, António de Saldanha was still stuck in South Africa - for he had left his own note at the watering hole in Mossel Bay ("São Brás") with that date. Rui Lourenço Ravasco, in the meantime, had left Mozambique Island and moored his ship in Kilwa ("Quiloa"), waiting for his captain. The summer monsoon winds were long gone by then, so there was no hope of an Indian Ocean crossing that year. The third squadron was stuck in Africa until the next summer. So they contented themselves with plucking prizes. 
6 "Lleida was re-named Lleida Esportiu after the end of the season."
Market Street Historic District (Salem, New Jersey)
She was born on 4 July 1938 as "Uma Maheswari" to Dr. V. V.Krishna Rao and Sowbhagyam in a 'Vaddadi' family from Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh. Encouraged by her family, that has a background of distinguished scholars with a keen interest in literature, music and dance, she started training in dance from the age of 5 years from gurus like Acharya P.V. Narasimha Rao, Padmasri Dr. Nataraja Rama Krishna, Brahmasri Vedantam Lakshmi Narayana Sastri, Guru Pakkiriswami Pillai and Guru C.R .Acharya in Kuchipudi, Bharata Natyam and Ritual Dance traditions. She became proficient in theoretical and practical aspects of these ancient traditional art forms.
PAL works with NYPD to strategically locate Play Street sites on city streets, parks and schoolyards. Play Streets offer structured and adult-supervised activities like stickball, basketball, double Dutch, dance, board games and art projects. Play Streets are free of charge weekdays for seven weeks each summer.
It is also mentioned that Jeremy Giambi was chosen to be one of the three players, along with Scott Hatteberg and David Justice, to replace his brother, Jason, Johnny Damon and Jason Isringhausen in the 2002 lineup, when in fact he was picked up in 2000 and was part of the famous "flip play" in the 2001 ALDS vs. the New York Yankees. Finally, former Oakland A's manager Art Howe (Hoffman) has spoken out publicly about his disapproval of how he was portrayed in the film. The story shows Howe as a stubborn manager who, contrary to Beane's wishes, refused to use Bradford out of the bullpen or to start Hatteberg at first base. In fact, Bradford was used regularly out of the bullpen in early 2002, just as he had been in 2001, when he logged 75 innings primarily as a late reliever or set-up man for Billy Koch, the A's primary closer. Scott Hatteberg has also stated publicly that Howe was portrayed inaccurately. He is quoted in an interview as saying, "Art Howe was a huge supporter of mine. I never got the impression from him that I was not his first choice." Later in the interview, Hatteberg mentions that "there was that turbulent relationship" between Howe and Beane. The movie also references that Hatteberg had been on the free agent market for a long time, when, in fact, he was picked up by the Athletics the day after he was released by the Red Sox.
Reason made his only first-class appearance for the county in 1923 against Somerset.
Teena is a cartoon panel series and comic strip about a teenage girl, created by Hilda Terry. It ran from 1944 to 1966, distributed by King Features Syndicate.
<doc id="27894422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27894422" title="List of Louie episodes">

The Barcelona Convention and Statute on the Regime of Navigable Waterways of International Concern is a multilateral treaty that was concluded at Barcelona on 20 April 1921. Its purpose is to ensure freedom of navigation in waterways (i.e. ports, rivers and artificial canals) which bear international significance. It was registered in "League of Nations Treaty Series" on 8 October 1921. It went into effect on 31 October 1922. The convention is still in force.
Saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
Because the team was only seventh at the half of the championship, manager Angelo Niculescu was replaced by a tandem consisting of Dumitru Nicolae "Nicuşor" and Traian Ionescu.
Infrastructure rehabilitation.
Zornitsa Cove (, ‘Zaliv Zornitsa’ \'za-liv zor-'ni-tsa\) is the 7 km wide cove indenting for 3.1 km the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Entered between Rowe Point and Scesa Point on the west side of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula. Bulgarian mapping in 2009. 
<doc id="27900408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27900408" title="Ellen Peck">
