Mary E.L. Butler
Records.

Appearances and goals are listed for the season for which the player won the award. Only competitive fixtures are included in the statistics. These include:
The Other People
At the job site they are placed directly on the subsoil's surface or on a geotextile filter placed on the soil's surface and propped open in an accordianlike fashion with an external stretcher assembly. This section expands to a 5 m by 10 m area and consists of hundreds of individual cells, each approximately 250 mm in size. They are then filled with various soil types and compacted using a vibratory hand-operated plate compactor. Sometimes a final step for roadways involves spraying the surface with an emulsified asphalt (approximately 60% asphalt in a 40% water suspension) at the rate of approximately 5.01/m2. Of course, other types of infill materials are possible depending on site-specific conditions.

Things changed however in 1990 when Tommy Lyttle was removed as West Belfast brigadier and, under new leadership, Adair and C8 began to emerge as the leading unit in the brigade. Adair formed a so-called "Dream Team" of active gunmen with Hodgen a charter member of this group. Hodgen, who had a reputation for being taciturn in contrast to the vocal Adair, regularly accompanied Adair on most of his activities, acting as his unofficial bodyguard. The pair were together on 6 March 1993 when Adair's Vauxhall Cavalier was shot up by a Provisional IRA gunman as it sat on a Shankill back street. Hodgen was shot in the shoulder and Adair in the leg but both men survived the attack despite the car being riddled with bullets. According to Adair's sometime girlfriend Jackie "Legs" Robinson, Hodgen was also present at the killing of Noel Cardwell, a glass collector in C Company's favourite bar the "Diamond Jubilee", whom the group accused of being an informer. Cardwell, who suffered from learning difficulties, had been hospitalised after having his drink spiked with ecstasy by a C Company member and had named the members to police who visited him in hospital, not realising the Omertà-style code that C Company operated under. Cardwell was taken to a house used for interrogations and knifed on the evening of 12 December 1993, his body being discovered the next morning.


Cock Bridge can refer to:
History.
Minhag Morocco
Reception.
Playoffs.
Qualters returned to Pittsburgh in 1959. From 1962–1968, he taught at the State University of New York at Oswego, while completing an M.F.A. at Syracuse University in 1965. He settled in Pittsburgh permanently in 1968. Since then, he has taught at the University of Pittsburgh, Carlow College, Slippery Rock State University, Indiana University of Pennsylvania, West Virginia University, and Carnegie Mellon University. He has also been an Artist-in-Residence at the Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts.
Reception.
2011: "Summer of Love".

Karl Meixner (1903–1976) was an Austrian film actor.
Since 2002, Smith has been a back-up singer for a number of Australian performers, including Guy Sebastian. She's released two of her own solo albums as well as written songs for singers Stan Walker and Jessica Mauboy.
