
The economic depression of the 1930s was portended in the 1920s when the prices fetched for primary produce – a significant part of the New Zealand economy of the time – declined to the point where many producers were forced from the industry. The incoming United Party-led government of 1928 headed by Sir Joseph Ward promised to turn around the fortunes of the country, largely by borrowing. When Ward was forced to retire in May 1930 due to ill health, his successor – George Forbes – was given responsibility for a massive budget deficit. The response was to cut government expenditure, to which end a commission was established in June 1930 to review all railway lines.
The 1994 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match on 4 May 1994 contested between Arsenal of England and Parma of Italy. It was the final match of the 1993–94 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 34th European Cup Winners' Cup Final. The final was held at the Parken Stadium in Copenhagen, and Arsenal won 1–0 with the goal coming from Alan Smith. It is widely considered as the peak of Arsenal's famous defence. Arsenal became the fourth London club to win the trophy after Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea and West Ham United.
Match details.
In 583 the Avars demanded an increase in tribute to 100,000 solidi. Maurice decided to end all tribute to the Avars, concluding that additional concessions would only provoke additional demands. The renewed Avar invasion began in 583 with the capture of Singidunum after stiff resistance. The Avars quickly moved east and captured Viminacium and Augustae, and began attacking as far southeast as Anchialus after only three months into the war. A Roman embassy met the Avars near Anchialus, but negotiations broke down after the Avar Chagan threatened further conquests, provoking an irate response out of Comentiolus, one of the Roman ambassadors. Nevertheless, Maurice established peace in 584 when he agreed to pay the Avars initial demands of 100,000 solidi. However, the Slavs were unhindered by the treaty, and began to raid further south into Macedonia and Greece, evidenced by many coin hoards in the region, particularly in Attica near Athens and in the Peloponnese.
Piriform is a privately owned software house based in the West End of London, UK.
Gamaliel Bartlett died November 10, 1859, at the home of Mrs. David Johnson (his wife's first cousin) at Brooklyn, New York City. The Brooklyn Daily Eagle, on that same day, carried an obituary on page 3. He was buried at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York City, in Section #108 and Lot # 723.
The second major change in the standard of living came about as a result of the rapid expansion of productivity and commerce generated by the reform measures of the 1980s. After thirty years of austerity and marginal sufficiency, Chinese consumers suddenly were able to buy more than enough to eat from a growing variety of food items. Stylish clothing, modern furniture, and a wide array of electrical appliances also became part of the normal expectations of ordinary Chinese families.



The biographical revue premiered in London in 1972, running for 405 performances. A revised version toured in the UK in 2011.

1998 Speedway Elite League
Their feet, you see, amidships, next the cuddy-hole abaft,<br>Drew in at once, and left their heads exposed to every shaft.<br>So Archi-mollusks dwindled, and the race was sinking fast,<br>When by the merest accident salvation came at last.
KICS has also been awarded accreditation by the prestigious Council of International Schools (CIS). This was achieved only 5 years after the opening of the school and is a testament to the hard work of all the KICS administration, teachers and staff members. CIS accreditation does not only look at areas of teaching and learning but scrutinizes all areas of the school's operations. This includes health and safety, human resources, school governance, philosophy and the school's community. The award of CIS accreditation is an internationally recognized quality mark showing that KICS is a school that aspires to the highest possible standards.
<doc id="14185420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14185420" title="Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices">
<doc id="14187102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14187102" title="Strmac">
He enrolled to the military junior high school in Selânik. He was twelve years old.
He was subsequently assigned to Atlantic convoy escort duties. Early in the morning of 17 October 1941, HMS "Broadwater", the ship he was serving on, attacked a U-boat, and 24 hours later, herself fell victim to U-101 while escorting Convoy SC 48. She sank later that day. When another ship came to rescue the survivors there were some thirty men on board, although the exact number could not be determined at the time. Sub-Lieutenant Brooke-Smith, in charge of the torpedoed ship, signalled that twelve men and himself would remain on board until daylight, all the injured having been taken off. 
Spin-offs.
27. Magda (1917)...(Edward M. Kimball)
His lyrics continued to be published for several years after his death. "A Voice from the Waves" was written to music by Stephen Glover, an answer to a popular duett "What are the Wild Waves Saying". Published in his final year of life in 1849, it was popular in the United States.
</onlyinclude>
Jesús Montoya Alarcon (born December 4, 1963) is a Spanish former road bicycle racer.
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1979:.
<doc id="14195043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14195043" title="Epiphyllum pumilum">
In recent years Penistone Community Radio (formerly Penistone FM) has also been broadcasting live during show day.
• 2002: We Need You (Trilogy)
