
<doc id="15472096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15472096" title="Vabres, Cantal">
Dầu Tiếng is a rural district of Bình Dương Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam. As of 2003, the district had a population of 92,592. The district covers an area of 720 km². The district capital lies at Dầu Tiếng. 

The street was named after a Bishop of London, Robert Braybrooke. Other Bishops of London who gave their names to nearby streets were Mellitus, Earconwald, Osmund, Wulfstan, Gilbert Foliot, Richard FitzNeal, John Stokesley and Humphrey Henchman.
Hoàng Su Phì District
In "A Nightmare on Elm Street 3", Freddy resumes his attacks on children at a clinic where Nancy is currently employed, causing her and Neil Gordon to visit Don and persuade him to reveal the location of Freddy's corpse so that it can be properly buried in the belief that this will force Freddy to pass into the Afterlife. When they reveal his corpse, it reanimates, and Don realizes that Nancy has been telling the truth all along. The corpse fights Don and impales him with the metallic fin of a Cadillac, killing him. Freddy later poses as Don in-order to trick Nancy into dropping her guard, allowing him to deal her a fatal wound. 
According to Wikipedians from the Tagalog and English Wikipedias, the Tagalog Wikipedia also represents the Filipino language. According to the Vibal Foundation, a foundation that started WikiPilipinas, the Tagalog Wikipedia is different from WikiFilipino, the wiki that they manage because WikiFilipino uses Filipino language while Tagalog Wikipedia uses Tagalog language. The difference or sameness of Tagalog and Filipino sparked a debate among Tagalog Wikipedians about the name of the project. This debate was mentioned in an article by DILA ("Defenders of the Indigenous Languages of the Archipelago"), an organization that defends indigenous languages of the Philippines.
Beck - "Mixed Bizness"
Saint Medan was a saint, apparently of the early British or Irish period, whose existence and name are inferred from the name Kirkmaiden in Wigtownshire.

