Black Mamba possesses two separate superhuman abilities which she most often uses in tandem for a unique result. Her powers are both presumably the result of a cranial implant given to her by Roxxon.
<doc id="1369704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1369704" title="From Here on In (The Living End album)">

Name.

Integrity and Integrity-178B are real-time operating systems (RTOSes) produced and marketed by Green Hills Software. Integrity-178B has a unique feature: an EAL6 rating.
In culture.
In 1811 the 16-year old Baldwin was made an apprentice jewelry maker to the Woolworth Brothers of Frankford, Pennsylvania. Apprenticeship in these days was a virtually coercive relationship marked by long hours of labor and miserable compensation. In 1817, shortly before the fixed term of his indenture was completed, Baldwin moved together with his mother to the urban mecca of Philadelphia. There the budding jewelry maker was snapped up by the firm of Fletcher & Gardner, one of the leading jewelry manufacturers of the city.
In 2002, the London Institute of 'Pataphysics organised an exhibition based around the recreation of all the art works seen the film and presented the exhibition as if it were a retrospective of a real unknown artist called Anthony Hancock.
The Nonsecure Internet Protocol (IP) Router Network (abbreviated as "NIPRNet," but commonly written "NIPRNET"), but prevalently referred to as the "'Non-classified' IP Router Network," is used to exchange sensitive but unclassified information between "internal" users as well as providing users access to the Internet. It was replaced by "Sensitive but Unclassified IP Data." NIPRNet is composed of Internet Protocol routers owned by the United States Department of Defense (DOD). It was created in the 1980s and managed by the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) to supersede the earlier MILNET. NIPRNET is the largest private network in the world. Over the last decades it has grown faster than the U.S. Department of Defense can monitor, which is why DoD spent $10 million in 2010 to map out the current state of the NIPRNET, in an effort to analyze its expansion, and identify unauthorized users, who are suspected to have quietly joined the network. The NIPRNET survey, which uses IPSonar software developed by Lumeta Corporation, also looked for weakness in security caused by network configuration. The Department of Defense has made a major effort over the last few years, to improve network security. The Pentagon announced it was requesting $2.3 billion in the 2012 budget to bolster network security within the Defense Department and to strengthen ties with its counterparts at the Homeland Security Department.
Prepositions.
Specific countries.
The Howard Hughes Corporation
