The Milwaukee Public Museum is one of the leading museums of human and natural history as well as the first museum to create full-sized dioramas. It originally shared a space with Milwaukee Public Library. In 1950 the architectural firm Eschweiler and Eschweiler proposed designs for a new building to house the museum. The building was built in the 1960s when Stephan Borhegyi, then museum director, led the effort to finish the project and incorporate advanced museum theories to the interior spaces. The building's architects commissioned Marshall Fredericks to create a sculpture for the museum's entrance facade. "Woodland Indian and Whistling Swans" symbolizes the Great Lakes area. "A Woodland Indian, ready to release an arrow from his bow, pauses in awe before the beauty of nature as seen in the flight of swans." Although Fredericks was paid $50,000 for the artwork, the mounting of the work was problematic because of the sculpture's weight and size. The city had to negotiate with contractors before the sculpture was finally installed.
Excelsior.
Louis XV (1715–1774).

<doc id="29985187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29985187" title="Sceptre (fusion reactor)">
The wingspan is 13-14 mm. The forewing is long and narrow and dark brown costally in the basal, medial, and subterminal areas. Crosslines are absent, except the terminal line, which is marked by dense black interneural spots. Other lines are only indicated by costal spots. The hindwing is light grey and the discal spot is indistinct or absent. The underside of the forewing is dark grey and the underside of the hindwing is grey, with an indistinct discal spot.
Vaitape
In the 2001 summer Corino joined Rayo Vallecano, experiencing his best year in his first season, with five goals in 28 games as the Madrid outskirts team finished comfortably in 11th position. In his final two campaigns, however, the club was consecutively relegated into the third level, and the player retired from the game before completing his 30th birthday, having appeared in 283 matches as a professional over the course of 11 seasons.
International.
