
Litoria rubrops is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.
<doc id="12374059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12374059" title="Phyllomedusa camba">
<doc id="12374597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12374597" title="My Cherie">
Plectrohyla chrysopleura
Scinax fuscovarius is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.

Joey Kirk
In 1917, while in California, she met and formed a variety act with Stan Laurel. In 1917 she played in a comedy short, "Nuts in May", notable as the screen debut of Stan Laurel (credited as Stan Jefferson). Mae Dahlberg is credited as "Mae Laurel" in several of her films.

Yankee Stadium in New York, New York
After finishing his studies, the (at that time usual) Grand Tour which he joined led him first of all to the sovereign courts of Germany, then to Switzerland, Leiden, Utrecht and Vienna (but not Italy, due to the plague then raging there). With Italy ruled out, he spent some time in Hungary, coming into contact with the Turkish-Oriental cultural circles there.
Jane is a character in , played by Staci Greason. She plays Jane, the girlfriend of Michael, played by William Butler. En route to his birthday party being thrown by his cousin and their friends, their car breaks down, forcing them to walk the remainder of the way through the woods. They decide to take a quick break so Michael can go relieve himself, while Jane waits a short distance away. As she is standing waiting, Jason appears from behind, covering her mouth while pushing her against a tree and taking a metal tent spike and ramming it into her neck, pinning her to the tree.
The yellow-spotted salamander (Pseudohynobius flavomaculatus) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to China, where it is known from Nanchuan in Chongqing (formerly Sichuan), Suiyang in Guizhou, Lichuan in Hubei, and Sangzhi in Hunan Province. However, genetic methods have revealed cryptic species within the "Liua"–"Pseudohynobius" complex, and the actual distribution of yellow-spotted salamander is turning out to be different. Only animals from Lichuan in Hubei and Sangzhi have been positively identified as being yellow-spotted salamanders, whereas animals collected from Nanchuan were described as a new species, "P. jinfo", by Wei et al. in 2009.

