January 11 Davidson A W 70–54
<doc id="20258779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20258779" title="Cuban musical theatre">
Odette Herviaux (born 6 January 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Morbihan department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.
<doc id="20260064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260064" title="Dedicate (horse)">
The population of Andrés Ibáñez Province has increased by circa 130% over the recent two decades:


The Portland Sea Dogs defeated the Akron Aeros 3 games to 2 to win the Eastern League Championship Series.
These two services are operated by Arriva Gelderland.
In this episode, the office is at odds over whether to spend a budget surplus on new chairs or a new photocopier, with Jim, Pam, and Oscar in particular trying to convince Michael how to spend the money. Meanwhile, Andy and Angela visit Schrute Farms to discuss their wedding plans.
Modern Aldine High School (1956 – present).

Hawa Bhaban (also rendered as "Hawa Bhavan", "Hawa Bhawan") is the political office of the chairperson of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and monitors party affairs on the chair's behalf. It became controversial during the 2006–2008 Bangladeshi political crisis, when the party joint secreatry was Tareq Rahman.Some of government officials had a regular cotact with viya (Tareq)to manipulate administrative matters like promotion, posting, appointment etc.of different ministries and division as a parallel government was administered from hawa bhaban.
Turner, a graduate of Grey High School, played three first-class cricket matches for Eastern Province in the 1931/32 Currie Cup season. After exactly ten years out of cricket, while he concentrated on rugby, he returned to the field in January 1942 and made his fourth and last first-class appearance, this time with Transvaal. His only wicket in these matches was Rhodesian Victor Robinson while he failed to impress with the bat.
Chudleigh Knighton Heath, near Chudleigh Knighton, Devon is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, so designated because of its rare lowland heath vegetation. It is a habitat for many rare species including the ant, "Formica exsecta". This is one of only two wild colonies in England, the other being at Bovey Heath.

Matsui is played by Robbie Coltrane.
GB Railways was formed in October 1996 by entrepreneurs with diverse backgrounds initially to bid for rail franchises in the United Kingdom during the privatisation of British Rail. After being awarded the Anglia franchise in 1996, GB Railways was listed on the Alternative Investment Market in January 1997.
<doc id="20277284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277284" title="Indian Education and Self-Assistance Act (Snyder Act)">
In 1971, he played a substantial part in Worcestershire's season, appearing in 24 first-class games while scoring 575 runs at just under 20 and taking 32 wickets at a little over 37. He also played 14 List A matches. It was in 1971 that Griffith had his best match for Worcestershire, versus Yorkshire in early June: he made 42 and 59 (his only half-century) and took four second-innings wickets as Worcestershire ran out comfortable winners.
Agnieszka Pilchowa
Kubinyi supervised the graphic arts division of the Works Progress Administration in Cleveland from 1935 until 1939, when the W.P.A. named him to head the entire Cleveland W.P.A. arts project. During the 1930s, Kubinyi reportedly engaged in politics as a member of the Communist Party USA, and taught printmaking at the Cleveland School of Art (now the Cleveland Institute of Art), the Cleveland Museum of Art and the John Huntington Polytechnic Institute.
The school was rebuilt in 1973 by Daryl Jackson in a Brutalist architectural style. New wings have been added since 1983. In recent years, parts of the school have been refurbished, such as the performing arts centre, textiles and food facilities, year 11 and 12 classrooms and science laboratories, which were refurbished during 2005. Also, an additional building, a gymnasium, was established in 2006.

FKG inequality
In 1926, Chief Clinton Rickards founded the Indian Defense League with Chief David Hill, Jr. and Sophie Martin. The purpose of the League is "to promote unrestricted travel across the international border between the United States and Canada." "Chief Rickard always preached the sovereignty of Indian nations as national entities apart from the United States or Canada. Focused on defending the border rights guaranteed by the Jay Treaty, Rickard always stood firm on the principle that all Six Nations Indians were citizens of their own nations."
DiNunzio joined Denali in 2000 after being asked by singer Maura Davis to help fill out the band along with drummer Jonathan Fuller and bassist Keeley Davis. The band released two albums on Jade Tree Records before disbanding in 2004. Other than Denali, he was a member of various Richmond, Virginia band including Grip, Lazycain, and for a short period of time, River City High. In 2005, he did a short touring stint with Four Walls Falling. In 2009 he formed a new band called Heks Orkest, featuring former Denali bandmates Davis and Fuller. Other members include Ed Trask, formerly of Avail, Kepone, and Holy Rollers, and David Grant, formerly of Action Patrol, The Episode, and Service Anxiety.

