

Ignitor may mean:


In May 2012, Bishop Ahr's Music Department competed in the 2012 Music Showcase Festival in Busch Gardens, VA. The Jazz Band won 1st place overall Jazz ensemble. The Concert Band won 2nd place overall Concert Band. The Jazz Choir won 1st place overall jazz Choir. The Concert choir won 1st place overall mixed choir. The concert choir also won the grand championship trophy for the highest overall competition score among all vocal groups.
Furthermore, an outlying location of the "Umweltbundesamt" (“Federal Environment Office”) is found in the town, which grew out of the former Institute for Water, Soil and Air Hygiene ("Institut für Wasser-, Boden- und Lufthygiene", or WaBoLu).

Coincidentally, Mistar Urdd's own pop career reached its pinnacle during the mid-1970s with a song titled "Hei, Mistar Urdd", 
Jason Heinrichs (born December 7, 1970 in Kingston, Ontario, Canada) is a musical producer who works with many bands and artists. He plays piano, guitar, and drums in many of his productions. 
Music video.
Although he did not have a chance to play for South Korea in 2006 FIFA World Cup as he was pushed to Lee Woon-Jae, the number one goalkeeper in South Korea during the worldcup (even Lee was only able to play three times since Korea did not get through to the Round of 16), he was enlisted as the second two goalkeeper for South Korea.
Cyber Groove
Ectromelia virus
In January 2008, Kaplan was named the host of "Chicago Tribune Live" on Comcast SportsNet. In November 2009 he and the staff of "Chicago Tribune Live" were awarded the prestigious Emmy Award for Best Interview Program for their work on CTL. 
"Slovan Bratislava won 5-0 on aggregate."
Chuck Taylor of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that it "demonstrates a truly artistic lyrical bent that merits instant acceptance of this credible rock-edged song." He sums up the review that saying that "add piano, a splendid orchestral backdrop, and a vocal shimmering with passion and personality, and this is a runaway track for Train."
Gyeongju Historic Areas
Usage of the device in road vehicles varies widely from manufacturer to manufacturer. General Motors and Ford implement the technology on most of their recent models, while Mercedes-Benz and Audi do not use EDRs at all. As of 2003, there were at least 40 million vehicles equipped with the devices. In the UK many police and emergency service vehicles are fitted with a more accurate and detailed version that is produced by one of several independent companies. Both the Metropolitan police and the City of London police are long-term users of EDRs and have used the data recovered after an incident to convict both police officers and members of the public.
In music:

Setting.
