


Hayesville High School covers grades 9-12 with an enrollment of approximately 400. It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area.
Cesare Ponsicchi, a 19th Century piano restorer who had himself worked on original Cristofori pianos, found a Backers grand piano at Pistoria, Italy dated 1778, indicating that Americus’s pianos were exported abroad. This piano can no longer be traced.
The revised postseason format was implemented in Season 57 (1994–95) but it was not until Season 70 (2007–08) that a team swept the elimination rounds. The University of the East was the first to accomplish this feat under the new format, causing the sweep clause to be used. UE thus automatically advanced to the Finals but this reward became a bane as the Red Warriors had to wait for 21 days before the championship series can be started due to several factors, namely, the unavailability of the playing venue (Araneta Coliseum), two tie-breaker games and two semifinal games. The Red Warriors became rusty, so to speak, causing them to lose the championship series 2–0 against La Salle (their last elimination round opponent). As a result, the Policy Board formulated the "bonus rule" in which the team that sweeps the elimination rounds will qualify for the Finals outright and will have a thrice-to-beat advantage. This means that the number 1 seeded team will only need to win twice; the other finalist needs to win thrice, thus giving the sweeper a 1-0 lead in a "virtual" best-of-five.
Vegetation.

Artas () is a French commune in the Isère department in the Rhône-Alpes region of south-eastern France.
"SLQH" started broadcasting on March 30 of 2006, during the first week of broadcasts from La Sexta. Initially titled ""Sé lo que hicisteis la última semana"" and aired weekly on Wednesday night. It quickly became one of the most successful slots on the channel, both in praise and in ratings which has doubled the average audience of La Sexta. The show is recorded in studies of Globomedia, producer of the programme, located North East of Madrid.
His current research interests include computational reconstructions of neuroanatomical data, algorithms for analysis of functional neuroscience data, and genome assembly.

The club has been the site of several rounds of the U.S. Chess Championship and Bobby Fischer played in the 1965 Capablanca Memorial Tournament being held in Havana, Cuba via teletype. The Game of the Century was also played there.
