Since sound masking is a shaped random sound, often erroneously called "white noise", It is important for a sound masking system to dispel that this sound is actually noise. The most important finding by Kryter is encapsulated by this statement:
Note: Only magazines that were in publication at the time of the racer's career(s) are listed unless specifically noted.
Les Compères (English title: ComDads) is a 1983 French comedy film written and directed by Francis Veber, and starring Gérard Depardieu, Pierre Richard and Anny Duperey. The film had 4,847,229 admissions in France.

Appendix 1: Avatars in Game Play.
<doc id="8153136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8153136" title="Phoebe Watson">
Selada da Baleia
Olavur Jakobsen is the first Faroese classical guitarist to hold a masters degree and also to perform at a professional level. As a soloist and chamber musician, he has toured extensively all over Europe, South Africa and the United States.
She was the second Navy ship named for United States Marine Corps Brigadier General Charles A. Doyen (1859–1918), who served in World War I, commanding 5th Marine Regiment, 4th Brigade, and 2nd Infantry Division. 
The loss was Colorado's worst defeat under head coach Rick Neuheisel, its lowest point total in 101 games, and fewest yards of total offense (224) in five years. It was Michigan's fifth consecutive season-opening win and fifth straight win against a top 10 team in the Associated Press poll.
Air Force Outstanding Unit Award 
MD Helicopters, Inc. is an American aerospace company that produces helicopters primarily for commercial use. Coverage here includes the company's tenure as McDonnell Douglas Helicopter Systems, a subsidiary of McDonnell Douglas.
The United States Miscellaneous Caribbean Islands is an obsolete collective term for the territories currently or formerly controlled by the United States in the Caribbean Sea. Most of the islands were acquired through claims made via the Guano Islands Act:
The film was released by Universal Studios, shot in Eastman color. The screenplay by Dalton Trumbo was adapted from Howard Rigsby's novel "Sundown at Crazy Horse".

According to a brochure that was issued by the Canadian Department of Public Works, there were several areas in which it was appropriate for women to work. These were:
By the time of the French intervention in Belgium in 1832, cantinières routinely wore a female version of their regiment’s uniform. It generally consisted of a tight-fitting uniform jacket, striped trousers, and a knee-length skirt over the wide-cut pants. This was topped off by a brimmed hat and worn with a "tonnelet", or brandy barrel that the cantinière carried on a strap over her shoulder. A collection of colored prints dated 1859 of Second Empire cantinières by the French artist Hyppolyte Lalaisse, show their uniforms as matching the colors of their respective regiments in nearly all cases (for example green jackets and skirts with red facings, the latter worn over red trousers, for the Dragoons of the Imperial Guard).

