There were 1,492 households out of which 40.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 72.8% were married couples living together, 8.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 16.2% were non-families. 14.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 4.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.05.
Theodore is located at .
McClellan continued to believe intelligence reports that credited the Confederates with two or three times the men they actually had. Early in the campaign, Confederate General John B. "Prince John" Magruder defended the Peninsula against McClellan's advance with a vastly smaller force. He created a false impression of many troops behind the lines and of even more troops arriving. He accomplished this by marching small groups of men repeatedly past places where they could be observed at a distance or were just out of sight, accompanied by great noise and fanfare. During this time, General Johnston was able to provide Magruder with reinforcements, but even then there were far fewer troops than McClellan believed were opposite him.
The Karlsruhe Palace ("Schloss") is an interesting piece of architecture; the adjacent "Schlossgarten" includes the Botanical Garden with a palm, cactus and orchid house, and walking paths through the woods to the north.
Geography.
Margaret, Alabama
Carbon Hill is a city in Walker County, Alabama, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 2,071.
Education.
Platinum ("Arviiq" in Central Alaskan Yup'ik) is a city in Bethel Census Area, Alaska, United States. The population was 61 at the 2010 census.
Free finesse.
"Class of Nuke 'Em High", also known as "Atomic High School", is a 1986 American science fiction comedy horror film made by cult classic B-movie production group Troma Entertainment. It was directed by Richard W. Haines and Lloyd Kaufman under the pseudonym "Samuel Weil". New York holographer Jason Sapan created the laser effects.
Demographics.
Karluk ("Kal’uq" or "Kal’ut" in Alutiiq) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska, United States. The population was 37 at the 2010 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 423 people, 182 households, and 123 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 1.2 people per square mile (0.4/km²). There were 361 housing units at an average density of 1.0 per square mile (0.4/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 87.71% White, 0.24% Black or African American, 8.27% Native American, 0.47% Asian, and 3.31% from two or more races. 1.18% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
The village was established in 1901 as a supply station for interior gold mining near the historic Malemiut Eskimo village of "Inmachukmiut". The name probably comes from the schooner "Abbie M. Deering", which was present in the area at that time; see #The Abbie M. Deering. Deering incorporated as a second-class city in 1970. It also has a village council, organized under the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934.
Baby Dodds
History and culture.
Beaver is located at .
Fangorn forest was, in actuality, just the easternmost remnant of the immense forest that spanned all of Eriador and Calenardhon in the First Age and early Second Age. Treebeard expressed a deep sadness at the loss of the forest primeval to the Orcs and to the age of Men and their machines. The rest of the forest was destroyed by the Númenóreans and Sauron. It was the oldest part of Treebeard's realm, and the Ents' last retreat.
A new border-crossing service, the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link, has been approved and has been granted HKD 6.6 billion in funding by the Hong Kong Legco finance committee. The line is now under construction. A new station, West Kowloon Terminus, will be built in Hong Kong to be served by this new railway.
Collapse of Terminal 2E.
Lou Costello made about ten solo appearances on "The Steve Allen Show" and headlined in Las Vegas. He also appeared in episodes of "GE Theater" and "Wagon Train". On March 3, 1959, not long after completing his lone solo film, "The 30 Foot Bride of Candy Rock", he died of a heart attack, just days short of his 53rd birthday.
Prognostics.
'I fear to make peace, not knowing what may become of me. Our enemy will grow strong, now that they have retained these lands. They will come forth to recover the rest of their lands and you will see every one of them ensconced on his hill-top,' meaning in his castle, 'having announced, “I shall stay put” and the Muslims will be ruined.' These were his words and it came about as he said.
In April 1945, as Partisan units approached the camp, the camp's Croatian Fascist supervisors attempted to erase traces of the atrocities by working the death camp at full capacity. On 22 April, 600 prisoners revolted; 520 were killed and 80 escaped. Before abandoning the camp shortly after the prisoner revolt, the Ustaše killed the remaining prisoners and torched the buildings, guardhouses, torture rooms, the "Picili Furnace", and all the other structures in the camp. Upon entering the camp in May, the Partisans came across only ruins, soot, smoke, and the skeletal remains of hundreds of victims.
