Dragon is a creature subtype in .
<doc id="26467389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26467389" title="North Rhine-Westphalia state election, 2010">
<doc id="26468278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26468278" title="The Symbolic Globe">
2010 Speedway World Cup Qualification
However, despite the superficial impression of an unchanged world, four years of war could hardly fail to make some impact on cruising. Women, for example, had gained freedom and there was a noticeable increase, as the Local Representative in Burnham put it, in the "number of really useful lady sailors joining the ranks of yachting women." Some of them indeed were even following the new fashion of living aboard the whole year. At the same time there was a noticeable decrease in the availability of paid hands - at least at the rate which the average yachtsman, faced with rising costs of materials and rail fares (the easiest way of getting to the boat for those living inland) could afford, as rates of pay had increased about 70%. With the heavy gaff rig in use at the time, this could be a serious handicap, and though the C.A. could help a little through its crewing service it was limited by the fact that, as most members were owners, the number wanting crews far exceeded the supply of those looking for boats.
Since launching iServer as a modeling tool in 2004, Orbus have extended and evolved the offering into a suite of products which include a range of communication and integration modules and implementation accelerators that allow organizations to tailor domain-specific solutions for specific IT Management. 

DAViCal

Soundtrack.

Symptoms and diagnosis.
Kevin Thomas Browning (born September 19, 1978) manages creative and business development for Umphrey's McGee, the Chicago-based “Improg” band which has gained notoriety for merging its original style of progressive rock with improvisational techniques. Browning began his 15 year career with UM as the band's live Front of House and studio engineer, and has produced or co-produced hundreds of the band's live releases, studio albums, and DVDs. He has helped to create many of the band's signature events, brand and media strategies, and fan experiences.
Mary Aikenhead.
In 1977 Barclay Kamb was awarded the Seligman Crystal by the International Glaciological Society. The Crystal is considered to be one of the highest awards in glaciology.
The Oklahoma Office of Management and Enterprise Services's Capital Asset Management Division is responsible for providing staff support services to the Authority. The Attorney General of Oklahoma provides legal counsel to OCIA and the Oklahoma State Bond Advisor provides advice on the issuance of bonds and other obligations.
<doc id="26480603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26480603" title="Cecil Effinger">
Mark A. Meyer (born 1946 in New York) is the founder and President of the Romanian-American Chamber of Commerce (1990) and the Moldovan-American Chamber of Commerce (1993). In recognition of his contributions to the business relations and cultural understanding between these respective nations and the United States, he was awarded Romania's National Order of Merit in the rank of Commander in 2004, and Moldova's highest civilian decoration, the Medal of Civic Merit, in 2006. He is a practicing attorney and an adjunct professor of law at St. John's University Law School among other positions.

Ro'i Gibori – Co-founder. Specialist on Windows, Unix, X Window, and VMS. 
Delivered to the Navy 23 September 1971, "Houma" served at Naval Base Roosevelt Roads, San Juan, Puerto Rico.

Baraniuk's own textbook, "Signals and Systems," has generated 5.5 million page views including a very popular translation into Spanish. Connexions provides the digital publishing platform for OpenStax College, a free and open library of college textbooks. In 2006 Baraniuk delivered a lecture on Connexions at TED that has been viewed over 500,000 times. He has been an active advocate and popularizer of open education and was also one of the framers of the Cape Town Open Education Declaration.
HMS "Sir Galahad" was a trawler built for the British Royal Navy in 1941. Post war it was sold into civilian service and was wrecked in 1957 after running aground off the Isle of Mull.


Journal.
Statistics.

<doc id="26495193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26495193" title="Universitarios Football Club">
Invidia is also the Roman name for the ancient Greek goddess, Nemesis. 
Takuma Terashima
Isaac Losee House
Critics from the right wing accused Eichberg of overstating the structural contradictions between the state and the people. By giving priority to the "folk", the authority of the state (→state (polity), →nation state) would be damaged.


<doc id="26502208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26502208" title="Paul Klatt">
Arranged marriages are actively debated between scholars. The questions debated include whether arranged marriages are being used to abuse international immigration system; whether arranged marriages inherently violate human rights, particularly women's rights; whether they yield more stable marriages for raising children, the next generation; and whether there is more or less loving, respectful relationship for the married couple.
Rümker
