Places of Interest.


LYM members frequently combine political activity with choral music performance. They sang outside the Democratic Party Convention in Boston in 2004, and in 2007 they performed choral music with lyrics about impeaching Dick Cheney in classrooms at Harvard and Boston University.

History.
<doc id="20904637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20904637" title="Magroor">
By studying the conceptual evolution of ideologies, Freeden observes that the relative "political success" of an ideology depends on its ability to impose the belief that its own conceptual definitions are the "correct ones". This thus gives rise to a form of "conceptual competition", in which each ideology performs a continuous "decontestation" of its concepts – that is, it tries to eliminate all possible contestation of its own conceptual definitions, thereby rejecting competing definitions (Marxism will thus reject "private property" as a product of the exploitative nature of capitalism, just as liberalism may view "state intervention" as an infringement of individual freedoms). Not only is this decontestation the product of an "inter"-ideological competition (between ideologies), but it is also the product of an "intra"-ideological competition (within ideologies): hence the success of Hayek's form of neoliberalism during the 1980s, or of the Marxist-Leninist trend in the 1920s.
Discovery.
With Sandra love life going nowhere and her career plunging low, will she get what she wants? Will Kei find his true love and marries her sister off? Who will Koo Chai choose? Will all’s well end well?
Levan Agniashvili () (1897–1937) was a Georgian lawyer and Professor of Law who served as the seventh Rector of Tbilisi State University in the period between April 1933 and July 1935.

The Institut de Mathématiques de Toulouse (IMT) is the Toulouse Mathematics Institute, a CNRS Research Laboratory which federates the mathematics community of the Toulouse area in France. The IMT is constituted by three main teams (in 2008):
<doc id="20910111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20910111" title="David Elfick">
