The bridge is frequently a bottleneck which impacts both traffic on the freeway, as well as on the river. The Oregon and Washington transportation departments are jointly studying how to replace the bridge. Both spans have been rated as "functionally obsolete," with sufficiency ratings of 18.3% and 49.4% for the original and second spans, respectively. Initially, the estimated cost for a replacement bridge was around $2 billion, but that number has climbed steadily to around $3.4 billion. An independent study in 2010 estimated the full cost to be closer to $10 billion.
He never married, nor did he have any children. His will was executed by Josephine de Baroni-Cavalcabò, the dedicatee of his cello sonata and a longtime patroness. The shadow of his father loomed large over him even in death. The following epitaph was etched on his tombstone: ""May the name of his father be his epitaph, as his veneration for him was the essence of his life.""
Devil's coach horse beetle
Hindu texts such as Vishnu Purana (4.24) mention the village Shambhala as the birthplace of Kalki, the final incarnation of Vishnu who will usher in a new Golden Age (Satya Yuga).
Del's mother Joan dies on 12 March 1964, apparently after a long string of illnesses. His lazy father Reginald leaves three months later, taking most of their money and even Del's birthday cake, leaving the teenage Del as the family's sole breadwinner, looking after his grandfather and Rodney, his half-brother who was born fifteen years after him in 1960. He lives with Rodney, Cassandra, Raquel and their son Damien at door 368 on the twelfth floor of the fictional Nelson Mandela House in the Dockside Estate, Peckham, London. Before that, he lives in an old detached house in 39 Orchard Street with his mother, father and grandfather.
Originally, the final episode of Only Fools and Horses was meant to be "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", with Del Boy leaving for Australia with new partner Jumbo Mills, Uncle Albert staying in Nelson Mandela House, and Rodney and Mickey Pearce taking over Trotters Independent Traders, but John Sullivan felt that this was not the end of the road for the Trotters. After the decision had been made, Albert was meant to be in until the final episode, Sleepless in Peckham, but due to Buster Merryfield's sudden death, the script had to be changed, and Uncle Albert died in If They Could See Us Now.
Zhuangwei Township or Jhuangwei Township () is a rural township in eastern Yilan County, Taiwan. Zhuangwei Township is the smallest rural township in Yilan County.
