Euclidean decoder.
Other typical expressions present a different perspective, where he would point out that "today I may be a Hindu, but tomorrow I may become a Christian or Muslim. In this way faiths can be changed, but dharma" is a natural sequence, a natural occupation or a connection and it can not be changed, because it is permanent, according to him. While the ISKCON theology of personal god is close to Christian theology, both personal and monotheistic, being a preacher of bhakti and a missionary he sometimes would add, that "already many Christians have tasted the nectar of divine love of the holy name and are dancing with "karatalas" (hand-cymbals) and "mridangas" (drums)."
The tricobalt warhead is a subspace weapon whose high-yield detonations can tear holes in subspace. Tricobalt devices are not a standard armament of Federation vessels and yields are calculated in Tera-Cochranes, indicating that its mechanism is somewhat similar to the general reaction in a warp field.
She chose to work only occasionally after her marriage to film costume designer Adrian in 1939. She was severely injured in a 1982 vehicle collision, which contributed to her death two years later.
Mannesmann Scangraphic distributes alternate digitisations of Palatino, called Parlament and Praxis.
In military strategy, assured destruction is where behaviors or choices are deterred because they will lead to overwhelming punitive consequences. It was most often discussed as mutually assured destruction (MAD), assuming there are exactly two parties in the conflict. The concept of assured destruction occasionally arises also in the death penalty debate and biotechnology debate.
Podkayne appears in Heinlein's later novel "The Number of the Beast", attending the party at the end along with many other Heinlein characters from previous books.
That same year, Crawford starred as Lucy Harbin in William Castle's horror mystery "Strait-Jacket" (1964). Robert Aldrich cast Crawford and Davis in "Hush... Hush, Sweet Charlotte" (1964). After a purported campaign of harassment by Davis on location in Louisiana, Crawford returned to Hollywood and entered a hospital. After a prolonged absence, during which Crawford was accused of feigning illness, Aldrich was forced to replace her with Olivia de Havilland. Crawford claimed to be devastated, saying ""I heard the news of my replacement over the radio, lying in my hospital bed" ... I cried for 9 hours."" Crawford nursed grudges against Davis and Aldrich for the rest of her life, saying of Aldrich, ""He is a man who loves evil, horrendous, vile things"", to which Aldrich replied, ""If the shoe fits, wear it, and I am very fond of Miss Crawford.""
<doc id="46007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=46007" title="Moldavia">
Case-insensitive operations are sometimes said to fold case, from the idea of folding the character code table so that upper- and lower-case letters coincide. The alternative smash case is more likely to be used by someone that considers this behaviour a misfeature or in cases wherein one case is actually permanently converted to the other.
In mathematics, the sieve of Eratosthenes (Greek: κόσκινον Ἐρατοσθένους), one of a number of prime number sieves, is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to any given limit. It does so by iteratively marking as composite, "i.e.", not prime, the multiples of each prime, starting with the multiples of 2. The multiples of a given prime are generated starting from that prime, as a sequence of numbers with the same difference, equal to that prime, between consecutive numbers. This is the sieve's key distinction from using trial division to sequentially test each candidate number for divisibility by each prime.
Object-oriented programming.
A large amount of chaff and straw would accumulate around a threshing machine, and several innovations, such as the air chaffer, were developed to deal with this. Combines generally chop and disperse straw as they move through the field, though the chopping is disabled when the straw is to be baled, and chaff collectors are sometimes used to prevent the dispersal of weed seed throughout a field.
International associates and regional offices.
Religion.
<doc id="46316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=46316" title="Chowder">
Coaxial cables require an internal structure of an insulating (dielectric) material to maintain the spacing between the center conductor and shield. The dielectric losses increase in this order: Ideal dielectric (no loss), vacuum, air, polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), polyethylene foam, and solid polyethylene. A low relative permittivity allows for higher-frequency usage. An inhomogeneous dielectric needs to be compensated by a non-circular conductor to avoid current hot-spots.
In 1969, Seymour appeared uncredited in her first film, Richard Attenborough's "Oh! What a Lovely War". In 1970, Seymour appeared in her first major film role in the war drama "The Only Way". She played Lillian Stein, a Jewish woman seeking shelter from Nazi persecution. In 1973, she gained her first major television role as Emma Callon in the successful 1970s series "The Onedin Line". During this time, she appeared as female lead Prima in the two-part television miniseries "Frankenstein: The True Story". She also appeared as Winston Churchill's lover Pamela Plowden in "Young Winston", produced by her father-in-law Richard Attenborough.
Epistemic argument against realism.
Telephone numbers used by scammers tend to come from mobile phones. In Ivory Coast a scammer may purchase an inexpensive mobile phone and a pre-paid SIM card without submitting subscriber information. If the scammers believe they are being traced, they discard their mobile phones and purchase new ones.
Types of looms.
In 2013 Dr. Agnes Abuom of Nairobi, from the Anglican Church of Kenya, was elected as moderator of the Central Committee of the World Council of Churches; she is the first woman and the first African to hold this position.
Arms.
Heidelberg is a unitary authority within the Regierungsbezirk Karlsruhe. The Rhein-Neckar-Kreis rural district surrounds it and has its seat in the town, although the town is not a part of the district. Heidelberg is a part of the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region, often referred to as the Rhein-Neckar Triangle. This region consists of the southern part of the State of Hessen, the southern part of the State of Rhineland-Palatinate ("Vorderpfalz"), the administrative districts of Mannheim and Heidelberg, and the southern municipalities of the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis. The Rhein-Neckar Triangle became a European metropolitan area in 2005.
Military gliders.
As a chemist, Hahn was reluctant to propose a revolutionary discovery in physics. Lise Meitner and her nephew, the young physicist Otto Robert Frisch, in Sweden, came to the same conclusion and were able to work out the basic mathematics of nuclear fission - the term that was coined by Frisch, and which subsequently became internationally known. Over the next few months, Frisch and Meitner published two articles discussing and experimentally confirming this hypothesis.
Kashmir.
Mother.
Libretti for operas, oratorios and cantatas in the 17th and 18th centuries generally were written by someone other than the composer, often a well-known poet. Metastasio (1698–1782) (real name Pietro Trapassi) was one of the most highly regarded librettists in Europe. His libretti were set many times by many different composers. Another noted 18th century librettist was Lorenzo da Ponte, who wrote the libretti for three of Mozart's greatest operas, as well as for many other composers. Eugène Scribe was one of the most prolific librettists of the 19th century, providing the words for works by Meyerbeer (with whom he had a lasting collaboration), Auber, Bellini, Donizetti, Rossini and Verdi. The French writers' duo Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halévy wrote a large number of opera and operetta libretti for the likes of Jacques Offenbach, Jules Massenet and Georges Bizet. Arrigo Boito, who wrote libretti for, among others, Giuseppe Verdi and Amilcare Ponchielli, also composed two operas of his own.
where "T"0 is a reference temperature and allows "n" to be a unitless power. Clearly the original Arrhenius expression above corresponds to "n" = 0. Fitted rate constants typically lie in the range -1<"n"<1. Theoretical analyses yield various predictions for "n". It has been pointed out that ""it is not feasible to establish, on the basis of temperature studies of the rate constant, whether the predicted "T"½ dependence of the pre-exponential factor is observed experimentally."" However, if additional evidence is available, from theory and/or from experiment (such as density dependence), there is no obstacle to incisive tests of the Arrhenius law.
Estimated sales for all third generation models: 40,000 to 50,000
In 1906, the tungsten filament was introduced. Tungsten metal was initially not available in a form that allowed it to be drawn into fine wires. Filaments made from sintered tungsten powder were quite fragile. By 1910, a process was developed by William D. Coolidge at General Electric for production of a ductile form of tungsten. The process required pressing tungsten powder into bars, then several steps of sintering, swaging, and then wire drawing. It was found that very pure tungsten formed filaments that sagged in use, and that a very small "doping" treatment with potassium, silicon, and aluminium oxides at the level of a few hundred parts per million greatly improved the life and durability of the tungsten filaments.
Audio.
The name Dalmatia derives from the name of the Dalmatae tribe, which is connected with the Illyrian word "delme" meaning "sheep" (Albanian: "dele").
<doc id="47357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=47357" title="Hake">
