Chanoine had a son, Lt. Julien Chanoine, who played a role in the French conquest of Chad, in the Voulet-Chanoine Mission.
Ridership data and station ownership is from Amtrak's Great American Stations website. The ownership of many stations is shared, with one entity owning one or more of the following: the facility itself, the parking lot, the passenger platform, and the train tracks. In some instances, the owner of the bus station used for a Thruway Motorcoach stop is not the same as the connection service provider.
Daniel Bell sees an affinity between Veblen and the Technocracy movement.
The company opened for business in February 2000, funded production of the first cloned cat, CC, in 2001, and launched its pet cloning service in February 2004, operating a "petbank", to which pet owners could send tissue samples for later use in cloning. The company delivered the world's first commercially cloned cat, Little Nicky, in December 2004. Little Nicky was sold to a Texas woman for a reported US$50,000. He is a genetic twin of "Nicky," a 17-year-old Maine Coon cat that had been kept as a pet. Musician Liam Lynch's cat was cloned after its death, presumably making him the only celebrity to own a cloned pet. 
Martin van Drunen
Qualification.
The field of spectroradiometry concerns itself with the measurement of absolute radiometric quantities in narrow wavelength intervals. It is useful to sample the spectrum with narrow bandwidth and wavelength increments because many sources have line structures Most often in spectroradiometry, spectral irradiance is the desired measurement. In practice, the average spectral irradiance is measured, shown mathematically as the approximation:
Williams' approach yielded immediate results, as the 2009 Saints recorded 35 defensive takeaways, second in the league, and the aggressive defense played an integral role in the Saints' run to their first Super Bowl championship. However, in the 2010 and 2011 seasons, the defense (although showing statistical improvement in some other categories) failed to repeat its turnover successes. After the Saints were knocked out of the 2011 playoffs in a 36–32 loss to San Francisco, in which the defense played well for most of the game but twice failed to hold a Saints lead during the last four minutes, it was widely reported that Williams would leave the Saints to become defensive coordinator of the St. Louis Rams, under their new head coach Jeff Fisher, for whom Williams had also worked when Fisher was the head coach at Tennessee.
On each side of the upper compartment is inscribed the following memento mori:
Bryan William Redpath (born 2 July 1971 in Galashiels) is a former rugby union player and now a rugby coach. Redpath attended Kelso High School in Kelso, Scottish Borders before leaving to play professional rugby for Melrose RFC, Racing club de Narbonne Méditerranée in France, and Sale Sharks in England. Redpath won 60 caps for Scotland, captaining the team on a number of occasions. He appeared at two Rugby World Cups in 1999 and 2003.
In art this subject, formally termed The Incredulity of Saint Thomas, has been common since at least the early 6th century, when it appears in the mosaics at Basilica of Sant'Apollinare Nuovo in Ravenna, and on the Monza ampullae. In those depictions, as later in the Baroque, the subject, normally depicted at the moment Thomas puts his fingers into Jesus' side, was used to emphasize the importance of physical experiences and evidences for the believer, as described above. The Ravenna mosaic introduces the motif of Jesus raising his hand high to reveal the wound in his side; his pose often, but not always, is such that the wounds on his hands can also be seen, and often those on his feet as well. 
Interim trustee is a term of art in section 701 of the Bankruptcy Code, Title 11 of the United States Code. 
In 2003, Brancaccio left "Marketplace" to join Bill Moyers on "Now". Brancaccio was co-host for over a year prior to Moyers' retirement at the end of 2004. On his last "Now" broadcast, Moyers had this to say about Brancaccio:
After five years of standup comedy, she was cast to star in her own Fox Network comedy series, "My Wildest Dreams", followed by an ABC sitcom, "Life's Work", which she both created and starred in. Walter also co-starred in the Bravo series "Breaking News" and in the NBC sitcom "Emeril".
The Odin Cinema.

Admissions.
