Robert "Bobby" Herbert (21 November 1925−?) was a Scottish footballer who played as a half back in the English and Scottish Football Leagues.
Release and reception.

Contents.
The developing portrait of the Babis/Bahá'ís from accounts of business men and travelers communicated to the Dutch public, for example, was different than the early reports of isolationist rebels with poor morals, and was of being prone to engage with foreigners, being monogamous, and seeking out civil authorities for protection from Muslim mobs. However the French were still occupied much more with the Báb's dramatic life and the persecution his religion and life were subject to. French writer Henri Antoine Jules-Bois said that: "among the littérateurs of my generation, in the Paris of 1890, the martyrdom of the Báb was still as fresh a topic as had been the first news of his death. We wrote poems about him. Sarah Bernhardt entreated Catulle Mendès for a play on the theme of this historic tragedy." The French writer A. de Saint-Quentin also mentioned the religion in a book published in 1891. For all the attention, little penetrated to understanding the religion itself.
Commercial reception.
Three times he reached the final at important award elections. In 1998 this was the case at the Premio Copé with his short story "La ópera gris". In 2001 he advanced until the final with his novel "La disciplina de la vanidad" at the Rómulo Gallegos Prize. Another time was in 2008 with his novel "Un lugar llamado Oreja de Perro" at the Premio Herralde. In all three cases he did not receive the principal award though. In 2007 he was mentioned as one of the 39 most promising Latin American writers.
</poem>
<doc id="38403538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38403538" title="Sheldahl First Norwegian Evangelical Lutheran Church">
Prince Brilliant: short; intellectual; well-read; always means what he says; straightforward; desires to be as tall as lady Daffodilia; grows tall in dream-land and returns happily to Lady Daffodilia.
