

Adjoining the tomb, there is a "funerary mosque" meant as a venue for prayers, and making public addresses by the visitors to the tomb. The mosque is located on the west wall of the tomb. It has two bays depth wise and five bays width wise and is decorated with arches supported on pillars (see image).
They had 8 children, all born in Madras, India:
<doc id="14970737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14970737" title="Paul Cunningham">

Delli
The station is located in Huangpu District, near the intersection of East Fuxing Road and South Xizang Road.
Mulla Effendi's whole family were consumptive, and he lost two wives and three daughters through this complaint. He was married four times during his life, and left two sons and three daughters. In 1913, he moved from his house at the citadel to his new house in Badawa (3 km southeast of the citadel, at (), after its completion.
Liz first appears on "Coronation Street" with her husband, ex-army sergeant Jim (Charles Lawson), and their twin sons Steve (Simon Gregson) and Andy (Nicholas Cochrane). Liz makes friends with Deirdre Barlow (Anne Kirkbride), whose daughter Tracy (Dawn Acton) is slightly younger than the twins. Liz and Jim split up after Jim punches Steve during an argument, moving into the flat above the pub. She begins a relationship with her co-worker Des Barnes' (Philip Middlemiss) brother, Colin (Ian Embleton), but is not as invested in the relationship as he is. Liz works as a barmaid at the Rovers Return Inn before becoming the manager of a nearby pub. She later reconciles with Jim and they agree to work on their marriage. 
In 2008, two surfers were attacked and killed by sharks in the waters off Troncones and nearby Zihuatanejo. They were the first fatal shark attacks in these waters in thirty years. Bull sharks gathered in large numbers for unknown reasons. Two surfers were killed and a third was injured. The attacks occurred during a three-week period causing a “Jaws-like mania” and the construction of lifeguard towers and the establishment of a shark patrol for the beaches of Zihuatanejo and north. It was a rare phenomenon that subsided after the sharks dispersed.
Diet.
Order of battle 1940.
