Reese's autobiography, "It's Gooooood!", was published in 1998. The title is a reference is to his distinctive and well recognized "field goal" call, which is usually delivered in a highly excited falsetto, in stark contrast to his baritone broadcasting voice. 
By the end of his life, Volkogonov had "firmly committed himself to the view that Russia's only hope in 1917 lay in the liberal and social democratic coalition that emerged in the February Revolution." Volkogonov told his editor that the "spiritual strength" that he displayed in his last years was derived from undergoing a Christian baptism. 
Kettlestone
Joseph Epstein (October 16, 1911 – April 11, 1944, Fort Mont-Valérien, France), also known as "Colonel Gilles" and as "Joseph Andrej", was a Polish-born Jewish communist activist and a French Resistance leader during World War II. He was executed by the Germans.
In the spring of 1909 Muldoon made a final return to the stage in a theatrical tour organized in benefit of The Lambs. Muldoon dedicated a Civil War monument to the town of Belfast, New York, listing the names of local veterans in 1915, including that of his older brother John.
Meanwhile, Zaphod and Ford have landed on the back of one of the birds from the previous episode, and eventually convince it to reach the ground by wrapping Ford's towel around its eyes. But because the bird had to reach the ground, it and its fellow birds are upset, and start attacking Zaphod and Ford on the surface. A loud noise occurs, which causes the narrator to explain its lack of immediate context.
Gary Hart started out as a wrestler in 1960 in Chicago at the Marigold Arena. In the late 1960s, he became a manager called "Playboy" Gary Hart. During the late 60's, one of the more famous wrestlers he managed, was "The Spoiler" He also managed the tag team duo called "The Spoilers, which consisted of Spoilers #1(Don Jardine) & #2(Smasher Sloan) they won several tag team titles in 1968-69 under Gary's guidance, Spoiler #2 was un-masked and started wrestling under his own name, Spoiler #1 used a famous claw hold against his opponents called the "Hart Crusher" named after Gary
The NNL collapsed in 1931, and in 1932 the team won the Negro Southern League pennant as Cole's American Giants. The next season the American Giants joined the new Negro National League, losing the pennant to the Pittsburgh Crawfords in a controversial decision by league president Gus Greenlee (owner of the Crawfords). The 1933 season saw the Giants get kicked off of their home field after the end of May; the park owners preferred to use the land as a dog racing track for the remaining summer months. This forced the Giants to play the majority of their home games in Indianapolis for the balance of that season. In 1934, the American Giants won the NNL's second-half title, then fell to the Philadelphia Stars in a seven-game playoff for the championship. In 1937, after a year spent playing as an independent club, the American Giants became a charter member of yet another circuit, the Negro American League.
After minimal duty with Chicago from 1975–76, Vuckovich was selected by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1976 MLB expansion draft. Even though the young Blue Jays lost 107 games in 1977, and although mostly used in relief, Vuckovich managed a 7-7 record with eight saves. He recorded the first shutout in Toronto franchise history, a 2-0 victory over Jim Palmer and the Orioles. He also recorded the first save in Toronto franchise history on April 7, 1977 versus the Chicago White Sox.
A curve in the plane can be approximated by connecting a finite number of points on the curve using line segments to create a polygonal path. Since it is straightforward to calculate the length of each linear segment (using the Pythagorean theorem in Euclidean space, for example), the total length of the approximation can be found by summing the lengths of each linear segment.
In Japanese the operation was also called "Tairiku Datsū Sakusen" (大陸打通作戦), or "Continent Cross-Through Operation", while the Chinese refer to it as the "Battle of Henan-Hunan-Guangxi" ().
