
At the call of Chittranjan Das, Sarkar declined the scholarship to study in England and gave up his lectureship at the University of Calcutta to join the freedom movement, a decision which he rued later. In 1920, Sarkar started his political career as the private secretary of Das. During this time he stayed at the Das family residence. He attended the 1920 Congress session at Nagpur, the 1921 Congress session at Ahmedabad and the 1922 Congress session at Gaya as a delegate. In 1921, he was instrumentation in organising strikes at the Raniganj Paper Mills and the Bengal Nagpur Railway. He also organised the Press Employees Association strike, one of the largest and longest strikes in British India where around 10,000 employees struck work for two and half months. Das also entrusted him with the responsibility of editing and managing the weekly nationalist paper "Banglar Katha". When Bose returned to India, Sarkar introduced him to Das. On 7 December 1921, Sarkar was arrested by the British colonial police and sentenced to six months rigorous imprisonment under the Criminal Law Amendment Act for selling Khadi on College Street in Kolkata. At his trial, Sarkar told the judge "As I consider myself to be a free Indian, I deny the jurisdiction of this court set up by the British falsely in the name of law and order. I hope to be released only when the prison gate is opened by the first President of the free Indian Republic." He was imprisoned at the Alipore Central Jail where he shared his cell with Chiraranjan Das, the son of Chittaranjan Das. Later he was shifted to a larger cell which he shared with Chittaranjan Das, Birendranath Sasmal and Subhas Chandra Bose. At the prison, Sarkar suffered from smallpox when he was nursed back to health by Bose. Recounting the prison days, Sarkar later wrote that the middle class Indians, who went to the jails for the first time, overcame the fear of torture in the jails thus strengthening the Indian independence movement.

Retirement.

He produced many films and plays. He was noted for his uncanny ability to raise financial capital for theatrical and cinematic productions.
