Amateur career.
Though that claim is inconsistent with the history of the Red Crescent, that history also suggests that the Red Lion and Sun, like the Red Crescent, may have been conceived during the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). It may have also been partly inspired by the similarities between the Red Crescent and the Ottoman flag.

Federalist No. 63 is an essay by James Madison, the sixty-third of the "Federalist Papers". It was published on March 1, 1788 under the pseudonym Publius, the name under which all the "Federalist Papers" were published. Continuing what Madison began in Federalist No. 62, it is the second of two essays detailing and justifying the organization of the United States Senate. No. 63 is titled, "The Senate Continued." This essay is the last of Madison's contributions to the series.

World leaders agreed on a compromise text, including the following notable items:
Cady was also a major believer in the value of history, not only towards understanding politics, but also writing itself. One of his books was "The American Writer: Shaping a Nation's Mind", a survey of American literature.

Detective Chief Superintendent Graham Melvin.
Beaumont Hills was formerly part of the suburb of Kellyville, as was Kellyville Ridge. Beaumont Hills became a separate suburb in 2002. Beaumont Hills was developed as a low-density residential suburb in a time frame similar to Kellyville.
Scelzi unseated the John Force Racing dynasty, defeating John Force and Robert Hight to win the 2005 NHRA Full Throttle Funny Car Championship, making it the first time since 1992 (Larry Minor Racing) with Cruz Pedregon driving, a team other than John Force Racing had won the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Funny Car championship, that championship also made him only the second person in NHRA history to win championships in both Top Fuel, and Funny Car, the other, being Kenny Bernstein.
According to Hamilton, a unitary executive is best-suited to promoting accountability in government because it is easier to point blame at one person than to distinguish fault among members of a group. Because a unitary executive cannot "cloak" his failings by blaming council members, he has a strong incentive towards good behavior in office. Accountability, made easier by the existence of a unitary executive, thus promotes effective and representative governance.
Professional Sports.
Insch


Gilbert E. Patterson (1939–2007), late Presiding Bishop and Chief Apostle of the Church of God in Christ (COGIC), attended the Detroit Bible Institute.
Koppell was born in New York City. His parents, refugees from Nazi Germany, moved to the Bronx when Oliver was two. Koppell attended Bronx elementary schools, the Bronx High School of Science, Harvard College and Harvard Law School, from which he graduated cum laude. While at Harvard College, he founded Let's Go Travel Guides.
From 2000 to 2002 he travelled on foot through rural districts of Pakistan, Iran, Afghanistan, India and Nepal, a journey totalling around 6000 miles, during which time he stayed in five hundred different village houses. He also walked across West Papua in 1998, in addition to making a number of long walks through Cumbria and Britain. Recently, he travelled into Libya a day after the fall of Colonel Gaddafi. He has also written about theory and practice of travel writings in prefaces to Thesiger's "Arabia Sands", Doughty's "Arabia Deserta" and Byron's "The Road to Oxiana".
Drums:
<doc id="2657249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2657249" title="Blackpool Lights">
Local studies have shown a correlation between the growth of Psilocybe Weilii above the ground that leaking sewage pipes are buried under. In one instance, in Suwanee, Georgia, a clearing that was roughly 1/4 mile in length was found with thousands of fruiting Psilocybe Weilii, many of which were 5" in diameter. This discovery was found in late September of 2003. After the city of Suwanee found the leak in the sewage pipes, and corrected the problem, the Psilocybe Weilii were never found again in that specific location.
Prattville Christian Academy
Background.
They next surfaced in another Brooklyn neighborhood in September 1909, when Virginia Wardlaw, wearing a thick layer of black veils, visited Julius Carabba, a New York attorney, and asked him to help a dying woman prepare a will. Carabba came to Ocey’s bedside while her mother and aunts chanted prayers over her. After the prayers, Virginia asked Ocey if she wanted to make a new will. Ocey agreed. Carabba told the women that Ocey needed a doctor and some food. The Wardlaw sisters said they could afford neither. He offered to write them a check and while the sisters left the room in search of a pen, Carabba talked to Ocey. She told him that she was dying, reached under her pillow and gave him her will, in which she left everything to her grandmother and asked him to make himself executor. The Wardlaw sisters offered Carabba $7,000 () to make them the beneficiaries—Mother Wardlaw was too old, they said. Carabba refused and the sisters dropped him as their attorney.
The central section is surrounded by two superposed ambulatories. The upper one, the "matrimoneum", was reserved for married women. A series of mosaics in the lunettes above the triforia depict sacrifices from the Old Testament: the story of Abraham and Melchizedek, and the Sacrifice of Isaac; the story of Moses and the Burning Bush, Jeremiah and Isaiah, representatives of the twelve tribes of Israel, and the story of Abel and Cain. A pair of angels, holding a medallion with a cross, crowns each lunette. On the side walls the corners, next to the mullioned windows, have mosaics of the Four Evangelists, under their symbols (angel, lion, ox and eagle), and dressed in white. Especially the portrayal of the lion is remarkable in its feral ferocity.
Restaurant and hotels.
<doc id="2659592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2659592" title="Shanghai Singapore International School">
The Company rule.
On 23 April, 2014, they announced they are expecting their first child together. 
A cave-in is a collapse of a geologic formation, mine or structure which may occur during mining or tunneling. Geologic structures prone to spontaneous cave-ins include alvar, tsingy and other limestone formations, but can also include lava tubes and a variety of other subsurface rock formations. Glacier caves and other ice formations are very prone to collapse from exposure to warm temperatures or running water.
10. Special Branch.
Ford railway station
Jean Ashworth Bartle was a teacher for the Toronto Board of Education 1966-1998, including a period as director of the music program at Howard Public School in Toronto 1970-89, and of the junior choirs at Kingsway Lambton United Church. She was also a member of the Toronto Mendelssohn Choir. She is highly active as a choral clinician, adjudicator and guest conductor throughout North America, Europe, Israel, South Africa,st, and the Pacific Rim. She holds an annual choral conductors' symposium that attracts choir directors from around the world.
The baths were reported to be a venue for the Big Huge Poetry Splash in 2012, as part of National Poetry Day.
The drive started with a 22-yard run by Duce Staley, but on the next play, McNabb threw for an incomplete pass. Subsequently, on second down the Eagles were penalized 5 yards for a false start. On the ensuing play, a sack pushed the Eagles back to their own 25 yard line, and on third down McNabb threw another incompletion. The Eagles, faced with a fourth down and 26 yards, needed to convert for a first down, with only 1:12 remaining and no timeouts available.
Both fiancées must have met in person at least once within two years prior to filing the visa petition. This requirement may be waived by the Department of Homeland Security, but only for cases with strong cultural or religious traditions which preclude such a meeting.
<doc id="2662178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2662178" title="Calvin Hill">
The Secular Coalition for America has urged Congress to revoke the federal charter of the BSA, stating: "Our government must not entangle itself in religious organizations; nor should it establish, with government "imprimatur", a private religious club."

Zillah is a bedroom community to Yakima. Business and industry in our district boundaries are: diversified agriculture (including fruit tree orchards, vineyards, dairies, row crops, forage crops, cattle feed lot, vegetable truck gardening, etc.) and agriculture related service industries including several diversified fruit packing and shipping operations, wineries, agriculture management and consulting, veterinarian, and USDA Soil Conservation Service. The Zillah School District is one of the top three employers in the community.
<doc id="2663266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2663266" title="Anacortes School District">
Canadian citizens in the United States.

Programming.
