List of Eritrean Orthodox monasteries
<doc id="9337781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9337781" title="Brand New History">
Apollo (Nebula album)
Khandaghosh (community development block)



Feliks Sypniewski (1830–1903) was a Polish painter and artist who painted mostly historic battle scenes drawn from the borderlands of Poland and Germany, and his most favourite animal - horses.
at ground and clerestory level. Battlements 
LineScout’s robotic platform allows it to cross most obstacles on the transmission lines. Its third generation prototype is validated and tested under field conditions. LineScout’s technology is distinct as it can incorporate robotics into power utilities. It can also carry a reasonable load, is versatile, and able to adapt to unforeseen obstacles, as well as its teleoperative controls, reliability, and its capacity to add sensors and tools. Obstacle detection and identification allows the autonomous selection of appropriate strategies for crossing obstacles, as well as the visual inspection of line components found on conductor bundles.
According to Köppen climate classification system Borcea has a humid continental climate typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. The average annual temperature is 11.2 °C, in July the average temperature fluctuates around 23 °C, and in January there is an average of −3 °C. The lowest temperature recorded in the area dates from 8 January 1938 when there was −30 °C, and the highest of 41.4 °C on 10 August 10, 1951. The Borcea commune enjoys a high calorie potential, whose value reached 125 kcal/cm2.
Summary.
'The physiology of nervous headaches still presents many unsolved problems', as in general do all such 'physical alterations...rooted in unconscious instinctual conflicts'. However physical discomfort or pain without apparent cause may be the way our body is telling us of an underlying emotional turmoil and anxiety, triggered by some recent event. Thus for example a woman 'may be busy in her office, apparently in good health and spirits. A moment later she develops a blinding headache and shows other signs of distress. Without consciously noticing it, she has heard the foghorn of a distant ship, and this has unconsciously reminded her of an unhappy parting'.
First, the Jews were driven out of their homes and rounded up in the market place. Any Jew who resisted, hid, or was unable to make it to the market was ordered to be shot on the spot. Around 10 a.m, all the young men who were deemed fit to work were separated and the group (about 400) was sent to work in Lublin. During part of the selection process, the 1st Company gathered in a semi-circle around Dr. Schoenfelder where the battalion’s physician proceeded to instruct the men to shoot their victims in the back of the neck. Then, the remaining Jews were loaded into trucks and driven to the nearby forest. Each member of the firing squad was paired with a Jewish man, woman, or child. Together, members of the 1st Company and Jews marched into a clearing and executions were carried out after a squad leader issued the order. By noon, the 1st Company was joined by the 2nd Company. Between 1200 and 1500 Jews were exterminated in a single day. The battalion left the corpses in the forest and the responsibility for their burial fell to the mayor of Jozefow.
