The Honourable Rosemary (known also as Hon Rosie), is a female anthropomorphic hare. She is a major character in "Mariel of Redwall", and even more so in its successor, "The Bellmaker". In both books, she is renowned especially for her skill with a sling, bow, javelin etc., earning her the nickname 'Hawkeye', and for her annoying tendency to laugh tremendously at the most inappropriate of times.

This issue has been a hot topic for media outlets over the past few years, and even more so in the months of September and October 2010. President Barack Obama has posted an "It Gets Better" video on The White House website as part of the It Gets Better Project. First lady Michelle Obama attributes such behaviors to the examples parents set as, in most cases, children follow their lead.
<doc id="24084005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24084005" title="Manambuchavadi">
Career.
Ra is claimed to be from the "Confederation of Planets in the Service of the Infinite Creator" and the books give an outline of a New Age description of evolution of consciousness; the concept of the soul (spirit, essence) is said to be reincarnating through these different levels or "densities:" 1st density being "mineral consciousness", 2nd density being "vegetable consciousness and animal consciousness", and 3rd density being human life, self-reflective consciousness.
Dude, What Would Happen
Cultural references.
"1st Quarter"
Terje Baalsrud
<doc id="24088699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24088699" title="Patrick McGunigal">
Athletics.
Natalie Radina Holland is a Russian-born contemporary artist, formerly based in Norway and now working in England.
Both the terms "spiritual crisis" and "spiritual emergency" (Grof, 1989) share in the common recognition that: a) non-ordinary experiences and psychological disturbances (e.g., anxiety and panic) often overlap; b) Western medicine may have different, and therefore potentially conflicting, values among their patients about these experiences; and c) people need specialized support in their local area when in crisis.

"All School personnel will accept the responsibility to provide the opportunity for all students to be productive in a global society."

<doc id="24093970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24093970" title="Lotus humistratus">


Gayl was a member of the "Preußischer Staatsrat" in 1921-33 and was the East Prussian deputy at the Reichsrat in 1921-32. He was the head of the "Society for the Encouragement of Internal Colonization" (Gesellschaft zur Förderung der inneren Kolonisation) in 1925-32 and became the chairman of the "Reichsboard of Youth fitness" (Reichskuratorium für Jugendertüchtigung) in 1932.
On November 3, an extratropical cyclone formed over the Central United States along a cold front, which moved into the Atlantic Ocean during the following day. On November 6, the system became nearly stationary between Bermuda and the Bahamas after separating from the front. The circulation became better-defined while convection increased. By November 8, the system had developed gale-force winds near the center, and at 0600 UTC that day, the NHC classified it as Subtropical Storm Sean. While convection and the wind field had become more symmetric, the system remained a subtropical storm due to the associated upper-level low. Within 12 hours, Sean separated from the low and transitioned into a tropical cyclone, after developing a warm core. It developed outflow and intensified due to light wind shear, combined with sufficiently warm water temperaturess of at least . With a ridge to the northeast, the storm moved slowly to the west. On November 9, an eye feature developed in association with Sean, which later morphed into a ring of convection. The NHC predicted Sean would intensify into a hurricane, although the storm reached peak winds of on November 10 as reported by the Hurricane Hunters. An approaching cold front subsequently induced higher wind shear on the cyclone as it tracked northeastward into cooler waters; this led to weakening. After passing roughly west-northwest of Bermuda, Sean transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on November 11. Early on the next day, it was absorbed by the cold front. 
Almost exactly seven years after hosting the 1955 Lions, East Africa faced the Lions again on the same ground, this time as they were returning from their 1962 tour to South Africa. At half time the score was 0 – 29


"Angiostomatidae"' is a family of parasitic nematodes.
The Lost Get Found
<doc id="24102273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24102273" title="U-Pick and Pick-Your-Own (PYO) Farms">
Reception and analysis.
The CDC lists these as important ways to lower the risk of transmission:

Demick was a visiting professor at Princeton University in 2006-2007 teaching Coverage of Repressive Regimes through the Ferris Fellowship at the Council of the Humanities. She moved to Beijing for the "Los Angeles Times "in 2007. She is also an occasional contributor to The New Yorker.


Trademark and artistic influences.
On 6 December 2012, The Big Deal was renamed Movie Mix, having acquired a 24 hour broadcast slot. The channel continued airing teleshopping, as well as a classic movie each night. On 17 January 2013, Movie Mix began to simulcast the full More Than Movies schedule but retained its own Movie Mix branding. The channel is still owned and operated by Square 1 Management, with Sony Pictures Television supplying programming to the channel.
RD-0146
In 1836 John Ball, representing a group of New York land speculators, bypassed Detroit for a better deal in Grand Rapids. Ball declared the Grand River valley "the promised land, or at least the most promising one for my operations".
Bareback Ride, released in 1993, is the second full length album by the band Walt Mink. Sales and acclaim for this album fell short of the band's first album, "Miss Happiness", which was released the previous year.

Paper Toss

The Imperial Glass Company is located in Bellaire, Ohio with a factory located on 29th Street and the offices located on Belmont Street. The factory was razed in 1995 to make room for commercial development and the Belmont Street location was transformed into a museum known as the National Imperial Glass Museum. The building was placed on the National Register on 1983-09-08.
She was a sister of John Thomas Donovan, late of the Indian Civil Service.
Her second book, "One and the Same: My Life As an Identical Twin and What I’ve Learned About Everyone’s Struggle to Be Singular", was published in October 2009.
4 state seats were won unopposed by Sarawak National Front on the nomination day. 
<doc id="24115874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24115874" title="Broomhill Pool, Ipswich">
Uhřice (Blansko District)
The Game Boy version was a port of the NES version. However, it had cut even more of the game. The stove level was completely removed (defeating the snowman boss would award Pugsley a heart like the other versions, but would also free Granny) as well as the big bird boss (Pugsley would start the game with the extra heart already in his possession). The final level was also removed, as entering the final door would send Pugsley directly to the final boss fight. Thing's hint boxes were also removed from this version.
The municipality covers an area of , and has a population of 340 (as at 3 July 2006).
In February 1972, Manders had a car accident. In the hospital, he was diagnosed with cancer. Three weeks later he died because of a heart attack.
