
The binding has the advantage of allowing the book to open fully, where traditional leather bindings are too rigid. It is sometimes modified to provide a rounded spine. This lends the appearance of a book where the paper is not suited to spine rounding; this is also to provide a rounded spine to a book too thin for a spine rounding to hold. The binding may also provide an impressive-looking leather spine to a book without incurring the full expense of binding a book in full or partial leather.
On 21 July, the rebels controlled only the Abu Kamal border crossing with Iraq, adjacent to the city of Abu Kamal, after the arrival of Syrian Army reinforcements to the other two border crossings with the country.
Anderson and Harmony are chained to a rock wall, hanging over a fire. Purvis comes in to announce when Anderson is to be executed. They unchain both prisoners and bring them to Slater. Harmony is then chained to a beam set across a roasting fire. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Orland jumps into the cave and begins firing a flamethrower. In the ensuing chaos, Anderson attacks Slater, who runs away and hides behind a tapestry. Anderson grabs a gun and helps Orland kills the rest of the raiders. The three then escape through a secret door while Purvis and others follow them through the fire. They arrive at the dwarves' amory and Orland explains what is going on.
Most runs: 73, Alister Maregwede<br>
<doc id="32732598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32732598" title="Blabbermouth &amp; Stickybeak">
Treaty of Berum
Competitions include UEFA Europa League<br>
Sometimes known as the POWER7 IH or P7-IH, the Power 775 is the commercial product that was developed under the PERCS (Productive, Easy-to-use, Reliable Computing System) program - IBM's answer to DARPA's High Productivity Computing Systems (HPCS) initiative. PERCS is based on POWER7 processor, X10 (programming language), AIX operating system and General Parallel File System.
<doc id="32735974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32735974" title="Drago Lovrić">

Overall failure rate for items with full redundant overlap is the inverse of the sum of MTBF for all of the individual redundant items. This applies to situations where all of the components in the item must all fail before the item fails. The type of calculation is similar to a parallel electronic circuit.
<doc id="32739007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32739007" title="Lobster loos">
In this Leg's Detour, teams had to choos between חכמי חלם ("Hachmey HaChelm - Men of Chelm") and קניידלעך ("Qenyeydel'ek - Matzo Balls"). In Men of Chelm, teams had to fill a big bucket by carrying on their backs from one point to the bucket, a pole of perforated buckets full of water, only after they filled the big bucket they received the next clue. In Matzo Balls, teams had to recognize two songs when an accordionist plays at the beginning only one note. To "purchase" another note, team members had to eat two matzo balls. Only after the team members recognized two song they received the next clue. For the Roadblock, one team member had to go down into the mines, push a heavy cart of salt blocks from The Chapel of Saint Kinga until arriving to a hall, then go to a salt wall and lick it until finding a sweet point on it, afterwards dig in the salt blocks cart and find in it a crystal, enter it to the right hole to unlock the next clue.
<doc id="32742186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32742186" title="Church of el Carmen (Madrid)">
Aphaenandra is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. The type species is "Aphaenandra sumatrana", now considered a synonym of "Aphaenandra uniflora". The genus is found from Thailand, Myanmar (Burma), Laos, Vietnam, Java and Sumatra.
There were hopes that England could make the 405 runs for victory on the now flat pitch, but these were soon dispelled when Amiss, Lloyd and Cowdrey were out with 10 runs on the board and Lillee 2/0. Lillee (4/69) and Walker (3/83) were able to swing the ball and Amiss picked up his second pair against Australia, having done this before at Old Trafford in 1968. Cowdrey was taken by a low left-handed catch by Mallett in the gully "that those who were not present would not believe". Ian Chappell decided to feed Denness's favourite cut and stationed Jenner at fly-slip while Lillee bowled outside off-stump, the captain duly cut and was out for 14. The lanky Greig played over a low ball from Walker and by the end of the day England were 94/5, thanks mainly to Fletcher's 39. The following day Fletcher and Knott took 15 runs off Lillee's first over and their fifty partnership came up in 51 minutes against the spin of Jenner and Mallett. Lillee had Fletcher lbw on his return when a yorker hit the Essex-man's toe and he was reluctantly out for 63 at 144/6. Knott made his fourth fifty of the series and he and Titmus made 50 runs in even time. Jenner went round the wicket and bowled googlies at Titmus as if he were an off-spinner and rapped him on the pads three times in a row without playing a stroke, the third producing a lbw decision from the umpire. Mallett bowled a spell of 2/1 off 8 overs; Underwood caught at grass level by Ian Chappell and Arnold bowled, both making pairs like Amiss. This left England 217/9 and Knott quickly cut his way to a century, the first by an England keeper against Australia since Les Ames at Lords in 1934, Ames being at Adelaide to congratulate his fellow Man of Kent. He made an unbeaten 106 when Willis was out and England were dismissed for 241.
These are small to medium sized moths, females larger; eyes naked; male and female antennae bipectinate along their length; proboscis reduced; legs long, slender; foretibia bearing a ribbon-like epiphysis; forewing elongate, rounded on the outer margin; forewing pattern has alternate dark and pale spots and bands transversely; hindwing uniform.
Fontibus may refer to:
Politics.
Thence he went to Walciodorus, now Wassor, between Dinant and Givet. The pious emperor Otto heard of his fame, and, after some hesitation in acknowledging Forannan's rank, took the abbey under his protection. Walciodorus had been founded in 945 by Eilbert, and Macallen, an Irishman, was the first abbot. Macallen, on leaving Ireland, had first gone to Peronne, the Irish monastery founded by St. Fursa, and there won the patronage of Hersendis, the wife of Count Eilbert. Walciodorus was one of a group of such monasteries supplied with inmates from Ireland. 
He made his first-team debut on 23 July 2011 in Falkirk's 2–1 win over Brechin City in the Scottish Challenge Cup. El Alagui scored his first goal for Falkirk in a 4–2 away win against Albion Rovers on 30 July. He started the 2011–12 season in fine goalscoring form for his new club, scoring 15 goals in 17 appearances up until 25 October 2011, including two goals in a 3–2 victory against SPL side Rangers in the Scottish League Cup. On 9 August, El Alagui scored the only goal of the game in a win over Dundee in the third round of the Scottish Challenge Cup. On 9 October, El Alagui scored a double in the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-final 3–0 win against Annan Athletic. In the January transfer window, El Alagui was linked with several clubs in England, with the likes of Crawley Town, making a bid for him twice, only to be rejected by Steven Pressley, describing the bid as 'derisory'. Farid El Alagui became famous among the Falkirk support for "Kissing the Coin" after every goal, the lucky coin being kept by the backroom staff at the touchline. On April 2012, he furthered his reputation with the Falkirk fans, after winning the Scottish Challenge Cup he jumped into the crowd to celebrate with the support. He was the second highest top scorer in Scottish football in 2011/12, with Gary Hooper scoring one more goal. Due to his impressive season, Farid became a cult hero amongst the Falkirk supporters. At the end of the season, El Alagui (along with teammate Michael McGovern) was nominated for PFA First Division Player of the Year, an award which El Alagui subsequently won. El Alagui was also named in the PFA First Division Team of the Year. He made 43 appearances and scored 27 goals during his only season with the club and departed in July 2012.
Head coach: Jacques Monclar
France–Haiti relations
Under Bhutan's early theocratic dual system of government, decreasingly effective central government control resulted in the "de facto" disintegration of the office of Shabdrung after the death of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in 1651. Under this system, the Shabdrung reigned over the temporal Druk Desi and religious Je Khenpo. Two successor Shabdrungs – the son (1651) and stepbrother (1680) of Ngawang Namgyal – were effectively controlled by the Druk Desi and Je Khenpo until power was further splintered through the innovation of multiple Shabdrung incarnations, reflecting speech, mind, and body. Increasingly secular regional lords (penlops and dzongpons) competed for power amid a backdrop of civil war over the Shabdrung and invasions from Tibet, and the Mongol Empire. The penlops of Trongsa and Paro, and the dzongpons of Punakha, Thimphu, and Wangdue Phodrang were particularly notable figures in the competition for regional dominance. During this period, there were a total of nine provinces and eight penlops vying for power.
(9169) 1988 TL1
The St Andrew's flag has a white background with two blue diagonal bands, forming a saltire, called St. Andrew's Cross. The ratio of the flag's width to its length is 1 / 1.5, the width of the blue band is 1 / 10 the length of the flag.


Bullard's papers have been archived by St Antony's College, Oxford.

The staff at JAG Physical Therapy pride themselves on providing top-notch orthopedic rehabilitation services for patients of all ages. Some services include Physical Therapy and Rehabilitation, Cybex Fitness and Rehabilitation Equipment, Nutritional Consultation, Massage Therapy, Individual Post-Rehab Programs, Return to Sport Programs, Back School, Prevention of Injury Programs, and Lower Extremity Strengthening System. At JAG, the motto is "treat people how you would want to be treated" and the staff at JAG Physical Therapy remain dedicated to the goals of their patients and the goals in which they set for themselves. The reputation of JAG Physical Therapy has made it a leader in outpatient physical therapy care, attracting a wide range of clients which include police, firemen, prestigious business owners, politicians, professional athletes such as baseball legend Yogi Berra and NHL superstars Zach Parise, Dainius Zubrus, Jay Pandolfo, and Matt Taormina, in addition to people from all walks of life.
<doc id="32756112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32756112" title="Red Circle (publishing)">
