The Japanese landed about 400 troops of the 5th Defence Force from Saipan on Guam on 10 December 1941 at Dungcas Beach, north of Agana. They attacked and quickly defeated the Insular Force Guard in Agana. They then advanced on Piti, moving toward Sumay and the Marine Barracks. The principal engagement took place on Agana's Plaza de Espana at 04:45 when a few Marines and Insular Force Guardsmen fought with the Japanese naval soldiers. After token post invasion resistance, the Marines on Govenor McMillin's orders surrendered at 05:45. Governor McMillin officially surrendered at 06:00. A few skirmishes took place all over the island before news of the surrender spread and the rest of the island forces laid down their arms. The American patrol boat "YP-16" was scuttled by means of fire during the event and "YP-17" was captured by Japanese naval forces. An American freighter was damaged by the Japanese.
The Barnett J4B is a small gyroplane marketed in the United States by Barnett Rotorcraft for homebuilding. Originally flown as the J-3M with an open cockpit and fabric-covered sides, later versions have a fiberglass cockpit pod either partially or fully enclosing the pilot. Apart from the basic J4B, versions available in 2007 included the BRC540 (two seats side-by-side) and J4B2 (two seats in tandem). A J4B2 piloted by Ron Merkle holds a coast-to-coast speed record in the United States for gyrocopters.
KIQO
This species is popular among aquarists. 
The Mountain Blue ("Polyommatus pheretes") is a small butterfly found in the Himalayas that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.
His other compositions are all occasional vocal works: "Pia vota et hortulanae devotionis amicor", a wedding aria (1646); "Selig sind die Toten", funeral music for Sophie Elisabeth, Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg (Leipzig, 1650); another funeral work (1620), in "S. Scheidt: Gesamtausgabe" IV, ed. G. Harms (Klecken, 1933); and two works in "Cantionale sacrum" III (Gotha, 1648), in "Schatz des liturgischen Chor- und Gemeindegesangs" III, ed. L. Schoeberlein (Göttingen, 1872).
Vedire Ramachandra Reddy got his title " Bhoodan " as he was the first donor and initiator of the great land donation movement in early 1950s (18 April 1951) in Telangana at a village called Pochampally in the Nalgonda district of Telangana. He was a great social worker and noble man. Acharya Vinoba Bhave started the land donation movement in Pochampally village in April 1951 with initiation of donation of 100 acres, (later on he has donated another 800 acres, ) of land from Vedre Ramachandra Reddy (who owned 3,500 acres and who had resigned from a Govt. job to enter Politics), which led to a total of 1 million acres (4,000 km²) of land donation and distribution among the poor in post independence Era in India.
where, for brevity, two length-scales, "a" and "b", have been introduced. They are constants of the motion and depend on the initial conditions (position and velocity) of the test particle. Hence, the solution of the orbit equation is
