Gravity is a 1986 album by James Brown. It was largely written and produced by Dan Hartman and Charlie Midnight, the authors of the album's previously released hit single "Living in America", which had reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was prominently featured in the film "Rocky IV". It was Brown's first album for the Scotti Brothers record label.


The temple is in a dilapidated state, due to the growth of vegetation all over the superstructure and the surrounding area. Cracks are noticeable in the roof and in the conjunction of the pagas. The temple was repaired by State Archaeology during X and XI Finance Commission Award.
The color English violet is displayed at right. 

The station is located on the Vogelsberg Railway (Gießen - Fulda). The station is served by RB services operated by DB.
In 1999, they were offered a single record deal with Tommy Boy Records but turned it down in hope of a better contract. However, no deal was made and the brothers focused on solo careers.





For this edition, the concept has undergone a major makeover; after the happy rock band Restart winning all the 5 categories in which it was indicated in the previous edition by its large number of fans voting exaggeratedly (including Act of the Year), and not by its merit; and also the renewal of the station's programming in 2011, which favored even more the music. Under the awards theme "A música não para" ("The music never stops"), this VMB went to have a 100-member expert jury - the VMB Academy - to choose seven of the 11 awards; three new categories: Best Album, Best Album Art and Best Music; and the indication of many independent artists, like Emicida, Marcelo Jeneci and Criolo, valuing the musical production. However, the VMB didn't neglected the pop artists and web hits, keeping categories as Hit of the Year, Web Hit of the Year and Best International Act, and adding a new category: Best Web Video (Video musics made for internet).[http://vmb.mtv.uol.com.br/noticias/tudo-que-voce-precisa-saber-sobre-o-novo-vmb-e-nao-tinha-para-quem-perguntar]
