Trevor Gillmeister,
The size in bytes of a text file is simply the number of characters, including spaces, and with a new line counting for 1 or 2. For example, the Bible, which is approximately 800,000 words, is about 4 MB.
Overview.
One mina ( 1/60 of a talent ) was made equal to 60 shekels ( 1 shekel = 11 grams ) . Among the surviving laws are these:
Nirvana is a Bucky Pizzarelli studio album of jazz standards. Also on the album is his son, the jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli. 
Inter-county.
Geography.
The University of Iowa Athletics Hall of Fame is home to many major trophies and awards, including Nile Kinnick’s Heisman Trophy, the 1958 National Football Championship Trophy and all twenty-three NCAA wrestling titles. Exhibits highlight the history and significance of famous Iowa Hawkeye players, coaches, and teams. Special exhibits are on display for the most recent inductees.
Expansions and Extensions.
<doc id="12121686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12121686" title="Richard and Helen DeVos Foundation">


On 16 June 1960, "Terrell County" departed the U.S. west Coast for her fourth Western Pacific cruise. In July, 1960 her permanent home port was changed from San Diego to Yokosuka, Japan. In the Far East, "Terrell County" participated in a wide variety of operations with beachings and landings of embarked United States Marines and their equipment. Occasionally, maneuvers with warships of other Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) member countries took place in locales ranging from Thailand to South Korea and from Borneo to the Philippine Islands. Liberties at Hong Kong and Tokyo brightened a sometimes uneventful deployment while typhoon evasions, too, were common occurrences.
Colonel Arthur Waite MC., OSt.J., DL., JP., (1894–1991) was an Australian-born racing driver.
Werner Gerlach, the German consul, was also alerted to the plane. Suspecting what was about to happen, he drove down to the harbour with a German associate. With the use of binoculars, he confirmed his fears and then hurried back. At home, he arranged for the burning of his documents and tried unsuccessfully to reach the Icelandic foreign minister by telephone.


Upon its release by Cleis Press in 2001, the "Lambda Book Report" claimed Beebo Brinker, "Though four decades old, (it) remains a delightful — and now instructive read."
Rupam is said to be the pioneer of Bengali rock. Rupam is one of the most popular modern singers in Bengal.

"Greatest Hits of All Times – Remix '89 – Volume II" is a remix album by Boney M. released in November 1989. The follow-up to 1988's "Greatest Hits Of All Times - Remix '88" includes remixes by both PWL's Pete Hammond and original producer Frank Farian and yielded two single releases, "The Summer Mega Mix" and "Malaika (Lambada Remix)". The latter borrowed its remix title and arrangement from Kaoma's 1989 worldwide hit "Lambada" and the mix of "Happy Song" from Lil Louis' US number one "French Kiss".
Group A.
Bishop's House is a historic building in downtown, Portland, Oregon. It is in the city's Yamhill Historic District.
