<doc id="2224080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2224080" title="Brent Colbert">
Women's events.
In a literary context, the Wheel of Fire may refer to the chain of tortuous or dire consequences that result from a single action.
<doc id="2224877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2224877" title="District Court of New South Wales">
He learned architecture from his father, Miguel Cano; painting in the academy of Juan del Castillo, and from Francisco Pacheco the teacher of Velázquez; and sculpture from Juan Martínez Montañés. As a sculptor, his most famous works are the "Madonna and Child" in the church of Lebrija (also called "Nebrija"), and the colossal figures of San Pedro and San Pablo.
Critical reception.
On 30 August 1935 the national team of the Ukrainian SSR beat Red Star Olympique (from France) 6:1. Goals were scored by Shylovsky (3), Parovyshnikov (2), Shchehodsky. Team roster of UkrSSR (2-3-5): Ya.Trusevych - K.Fomin (captain), D.Kirillov - M.Fomin, V.Fomin, V.Hreber - M.Makhynya, P.Parovyshnikov, K.Shchehodsky, P.Laiko, V.Shylovsky. Next month a collective team of Prague visited the Soviet Union playing against team of Leningrad, Moscow, and UkrSSR. In January 1936 the Moscow team consisting of players from Dynamo Moscow and Spartak Moscow visited Racing Paris to which they lost 1:2. A single goal for the Soviets was scored by Yakushyn. Team roster of Moscow (2-3-5): A.Akimov - Al.Starostin (captain), L.Korchebokov - A.Ryomin, And.Starostin, S.Leuta - A.Lapshyn (V.Stepanov, 46), M.Yakushyn, V.Smirnov, V.Pavlov (M.Velichkin, 86), S.Ilyin all coached by M.Kvashnin and N.Starostin.
Warren MacKenzie (born February 16, 1924) is a North American craft potter. He grew up in Wilmette, Illinois the second oldest of five children including his brothers, Fred and Gordon and sisters, Marge (Peppy) and Marilyn. His high school days were spent at New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois.
When "The Book of Taliesyn" was finally published in the UK in June 1969 a few more dates in the band's home country were added to promote the album release, even if the Mk.II line-up, which included new members Ian Gillan and Roger Glover, was already rehearsing and recording new material in secret.
The vagrant darter ("Sympetrum vulgatum") is a European dragonfly. The species takes it English name from its habit of occasionally appearing as a rare vagrant north of its normal range. However, it likely to be under-recorded because it is very similar to the common darter ("S. striolatum").
