
Credits and personnel.
The episode was written by Tony Phelan and Joan Rater, and directed by Michael Pressman. David Greenspan edited the episode, and Donald Lee Harris served as production designer. The episode's title refers to the song "I Always Feel Like", by American hip hop group TRU. Featured music includes Gossip's "Pop Goes the World" and Ingrid Michaelson's "The Chain". Rater intended the theme of the episode to be "paranoia", elaborating: "After Richard dropped the bomb that the hospital would be merging with Mercy West, we knew that this episode would have to deal with people's paranoia. Because merger means change. And change means fear. And the worst kind of fear is the kind that lives in your head. The dark thoughts. The paranoia. The worst case scenarios that you play out that usually don't come true. And with Richard holing himself up inside his office, it's just a breeding ground for rumor, fear and paranoia. So, when we started talking about this episode, the theme of paranoia emerged pretty quickly." All storylines in the episode were inspired by Rater's friend base, including the story on schizophrenia. She offered her insight: 
Antrodia serialis
After Richard Lugner was selected as general contractor, construction work began on 1 July 1977. On 20 November 1979 the Vienna Islamic Centre was inaugurated by Rudolf Kirchschläger, President of Austria at the time. This event was covered in the local media, such as a report in the Zeit im Bild on the inauguration day.
The 143 French institutions and French cultural centers are institutions located outside France under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and charged with promoting intellectual and cultural audiovisual cooperation between professionals, to present the French and Francophone contemporary art for all audiences (to begin with, with the young audience), to promote French higher education to foreign students and teachers and offer a complete range of teaching the French language.
<doc id="36334910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36334910" title="Nikolai von Glehn">
<doc id="36335561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36335561" title="2012–13 Videoton FC season">
Shah Taqi
Ben-Dov believed in a theory of active redemption - that the mashiach would only come through a bloody national conquest, and that Jews who believed non-violent means could bring about the end of days were naive. He thought that Israel should be a theocratic state instead of a Democratic one in order to keep the people focused on the cause of conquest. The establishment of the third temple would speedily bring about a world government based on Jewish values governed by a sanhedrin.
History.

<doc id="36338971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36338971" title="Wadesboro Downtown Historic District">
