Athletics.

The users' administration centers, the message boards and the profiles are accessible for people using Speech recognition software.
She has also moved to shield social security information and other private information from public view for millions of online records and coordinated with the Ohio General Assembly to prevent the filing of private information.
Loop 288 is a state highway within the city limits of Denton, Texas. On the north side of town, the loop runs next to the C. H. Collins Athletic Complex. Despite its name, Loop 288 does not make a complete circuit, running instead around the north, east and southeast sides of the city. It begins at an interchange with I-35 on the northwest corner of Denton and loops around the north, east and southeast sides of the city before ending at another intersection with I-35E adjacent to Denton's shopping mall. The total length is . In recent years, several large retail stores have been built on or near the southeast portion of the loop, and this, coupled with ongoing road expansion projects, has resulted in extreme traffic congestion.

Metro Light Rail (styled corporately as METRO) is a 32 km (20 mi.) light rail line operating in the U.S. state of Arizona. Part of the Valley Metro public transit system, it serves the cities of Phoenix, Tempe, and Mesa. Construction began in March 2005; operation started December 27, 2008. The line has 2012 estimated daily ridership of 43,310, making it the 12th busiest light rail system in the country.
Biography.
<doc id="8329222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8329222" title="Molten Corporation">
The emirate reached its cultural peak under the emirs Jafar (983–985) and Yusuf al-Kalbi (990–998), both patrons of the arts. The latter's son Ja'far was instead a cruel and violent lord who expelled the Berbers from the island after an unsuccessful revolt against him. In 1019, another uprising in Palermo was successful, and Ja'far was exiled to Africa and replaced by his brother al-Akhal (1019–1037).
To understand what Dirichlet processes are and the problem they solve we consider the example of clustered data. It is a common situation that data points might be distributed in a hierarchical fashion where each data point belongs to a (random) cluster and is further distributed randomly within that cluster. For example, we might be interested in how people will vote on a number of propositions in an upcoming election. A reasonable model for this situation might be to classify each voter as a liberal, a conservative or a moderate and then model the event that a voter says “Yes” to any particular item as a Bernoulli random variable with probability dependent on which political cluster they belong to. By looking at how votes were cast in previous years on similar pieces of legislation one could fit a reasonable predictive model using an ad-hoc technique such as k-means clustering. However, this depends critically on knowing in advance the number of clusters that generated the data. In many situations it is not possible to determine this ahead of time, and even when there is a reasonable model for the clusters we would still like to be able to check our assumptions. For example, in the voting example above the division into liberal, conservative and moderate might not be finely tuned enough; considerations such as a religion, class or race could also be critical for understanding voter behavior. As another example, we might be interested in modeling the velocities of galaxies using a simple model assuming that the velocities are clustered, for instance by assuming each velocity is distributed as formula_50, where the formula_51th observation belongs to the formula_52th cluster of galaxies with common expected velocity. In this case it is far from obvious how to determine a priori how many clusters (of common velocities) there should be and any model for this would be highly suspect and should be checked against the data. By using a Dirichlet process prior for the clusters we circumvent the need to explicitly specify ahead of time how many clusters there are.
Sog River runs through two lakes, Lake Úlfljótsvatn and Lake Álftavatn.
Besides Sui'an, Zhangpu oversees 16 other towns (镇): 
The obturator canal is a passageway formed in the obturator foramen by part of the obturator membrane. It connects the pelvis to the thigh.
A recurring theme of the new series is the toll the loss of companions takes on the Doctor. While he would more or less easily deal with his companions' departures in the classic series, the new series show that the Doctor is having a harder time recovering when a companion leaves him, especially when they do so under tragic circumstances. After losing Donna Noble, the Tenth Doctor refused to travel with a companion until after his regeneration, unable to cope with them leaving anymore. Later, the loss of Amy and Rory Williams drives the Eleventh Doctor into a deep depression, with him retreating to Victorian London where he refuses to get involved in the world's affairs anymore. Additionally, "Let's Kill Hitler" shows the Doctor's continuing guilt in relation to several past companions.
Geography.
Harald Östenson

Mayfair, Washington, D.C.
<doc id="8336889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8336889" title="Enchanted forest">
