Willie Stokes (disambiguation)
Eois fulva

4.Моля се(I pray)<br>

As protests continued across Turkey, police use of tear gas and water cannons led to injuries running into thousands, including critical injuries, loss of sight, and a number of deaths. Over three thousand arrests were made. Police forces repeatedly used unnecessary and abusive force to prevent and disperse peaceful demonstrations. As a result, it is estimated that there were 11 fatalities (seven of whom were from the minority Alevi community) and least at least 8,163 injuries (at least 63 in serious or critical condition with at least 3 having a risk of death)
<doc id="39540936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39540936" title="Nasrabad-e Malek">
Phil McNulty
In the U.S., credit-based crowdfunding from non-banks became more prominent as a form of crowdfunding in 2012, with the launch of the Lending Club, which had advanced more than US$500 million in loans via its website by April 2012. Prospective borrowers of the Lending Club first submit their requirements, and are then matched with pools of investors who are willing to accept the credit terms. Platforms such as the Lending Club gained popularity, as banks increased interest rates or reduced their level of lending activity. Another credit-based platform, Prosper.com, was established in 2006 and had funded nearly US$325 million in personal loans by April 2012.

Ignatius Joseph Kasimo Hendrowahyono (10 April 1900 – 1 August 1986) is a National Hero of Indonesia and Indonesian politician.
The Bliss-Leavitt torpedo was a torpedo designed by Frank McDowell Leavitt and manufactured by the E. W. Bliss Company of Brooklyn, New York. It was put into service by the United States Navy in 1904 and variants of the design would remain in its inventory until the end of World War II.
Broadway Theatre (Prague)
<doc id="39546926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39546926" title="What Did I Do to You?">
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Development.
Herbert Phillips (disambiguation)
Later life.
Off-season.
Updated April 12, 2014.
While some sources state that it is a desirable food fish, others report that fishermen are not interested in it because it is too small.
After Zhao Dejun's defeat, Fan Yanguang returned from Liao Prefecture to Yedu, and sent a petition to Shi Jingtang, submitting to him as a subject. However, he continued to be uncomfortable with the situation because he had resisted Shi and because he was friendly with Li Congke. He sent a secret letter to Mi Qiong (祕瓊), who had taken over Chengde Circuit after Chengde's military governor Dong Wenqi (董溫琪) had, at Zhao's invitation, joined Zhao's army and was then detained by Khitan along with Zhao, by slaughtering Dong's family and seizing Dong's considerable wealth. Shi subsequently refused to let Mi stay at Chengde, but gave him another post, as the defender of Qi Prefecture (齊州, in modern Jinan, Shandong). Mi decided to carry his wealth (originally seized from Dong's family) with him. Fan, wanting to silence him and seize his wealth, sent soldiers and surprised Mi on the way, killing him and seizing his wealth, while claiming to Shi that the killing was accidental. Shi chose not to react to Mi's killing.
Blessed (Flavour N'abania album)

