The Majority was written by Lamer C.J.C. with Dickson C.J.C., Wilson, Gonthier, and Cory JJ concurring.
Argo is the ship captained by Jason in Greek mythology.
The "power series" includes the shape commonly referred to as a "parabolic" nose cone, but the shape correctly known as a parabolic nose cone is a member of the parabolic series (described above). The power series shape is characterized by its (usually) blunt tip, and by the fact that its base is not tangent to the body tube. There is always a discontinuity at the joint between nose cone and body that looks distinctly non-aerodynamic. The shape can be modified at the base to smooth out this discontinuity. Both a flat-faced cylinder and a cone are shapes that are members of the power series.
Recent Years.
PAFA
Mason Mathews Patrick, (December 13, 1863–January 29, 1942) was a general officer in the United States Army who led the United States Army Air Service and Air Corps during the Interwar Period.
Most Iranian Jews say that they view Iran as their home and are allowed to practice Judaism freely.
Jayen Cuttaree proceeded to his book launch on Thursday 8 December 2011. The book is titled: "Behind The Purple Curtain: A Political Autobiography" and is published by ELP Publications. "Through vivid anecdotes told in his own personal voice, Dr. Cuttaree lifts the veil on intimate details never revealed before about historical figures with whom he has interacted closely: Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam, Sir Anerood Jugnauth, Paul Berenger, Dr. Navinchandra Ramgoolam, and other well known protagonists whom we encounter behind the scenes... This captivating autobiography is a must read for all those who are interested to learn more about modern Mauritian history, especially acute observers of the complex Mauritian political arena."
"Nerikes Allehanda" was transferred into a corporation () in 1888. In 1894, the newspaper started to get published six days per week. It still consisted of four pages but now had a circulation of about 6,000 copies.

The Miyagi Electric Railway Co. opened the line in sections between 1925 and 1928. Individual opening dates are given in the Timeline section below.
Modern assessment.

A play about John Thomson, written by Brian McGeachan and Gerard McDade was performed at Glasgow's King's Theatre from 5 to 10 September. The opening night fell on the 80th anniversary of John Thomson's death.
The Awash (sometimes spelled Hawash; Afar We'ayot) is a major river of Ethiopia. Its course is entirely contained within the boundaries of Ethiopia, and empties into a chain of interconnected lakes that begin with Lake Gargori and end with Lake Abbe (or Abhe Bad) on the border with Djibouti, some 100 kilometers (60 or 70 miles) from the head of the Gulf of Tadjoura. It is the principal stream of an endorheic drainage basin covering parts of the Amhara, Oromia and Somali Regions, as well as the southern half of the Afar Region.
Gayle was made captain the following year vs Canada and held that honour for a year before retiring.
The Dignity, Democracy, Motherland is a nationalist political party in Armenia. 
George Dockrell, a 2010 alumnus, is a full Irish international in cricket.
Sport fishermen have made these cichlids prized game fish for their fighting qualities, so much so that many travel agencies now arrange fishing trips to Brazil and Florida specifically to catch peacock bass.
During the events of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, a number of Vocaloid related donation drives were produced. Crypton Future Media joined several other companies in a donation drive, with money spent on the sales of music from Crypton Future Media's KarenT label being donated to the Japanese Red Cross. In addition, a special Nendoroid of Hatsune Miku, Nendoroid Hatsune Miku: Support ver., was announced with a donation of 1,000 yen per sale to the Japanese Red Cross.
In April 2005, Lego made the decision to sell the Legoland parks, due to rising losses across the whole company. On 13 July 2005, Legoland was acquired by the Blackstone Group and control of the parks passed to Merlin Entertainments.
Education.
Rohtang tunnel.
Personal life.
Career.
Edwards was born in Fair Haven, Connecticut in March 1859. He showed an interest in art from a young age, and began his painting career on neighborhood barns and fences. He moved to Greenwich in 1912.
Proprietary application servers provide system services in a well-defined but proprietary manner. The application developers develop programs according to the specification of the application server. Dependence on a particular vendor is the drawback of this approach.
Shuadit.
The service from the station runs to Moorgate on weekdays until about 10.00pm, and into London King's Cross after 10.00pm Mondays to Fridays and all day on Saturdays and Sundays. On weekdays the service uses class 313 EMUs, as these are the only units cleared to Moorgate; at weekends class 317 EMUs are used as well as class 313.
The term globalization has acquired a variety of meanings, but in economic terms it refers to the move that is taking place in the direction of complete mobility of capital and labour and their products, so that the world's economies are on the way to becoming totally integrated. The driving forces of the process are reductions in politically imposed barriers and in the costs of transport and communication (although, even if those barriers and costs were eliminated, the process would be limited by inter-country differences in social capital). 
<doc id="1700462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1700462" title="Girling">
African Prisons Project.
Death.
In 1955, George graduated his BS degree at the University of Michigan with hopes to become a scientist in one of the major scientific field such as biology, chemistry, mathematics, and physics. In 1956, he went on to receive an MA in psychology from Columbia University. His passion for physiological psychology began accidentally in university which caused him to pursue a career in cognitive psychology. He received his PH.D. from Harvard and has advanced much after in the field of cognitive psychology by many of his famous works and research.
The dam is an earth and rock fill dam high and long. The Army Corps site is an area of . The watershed above the dam has an area of . Construction started in 1971 and was finished in 1978.
Men's 100 m Backstroke
The most effective treatment of astasia seems to be a removal of stress inducing stimuli and allowing the patient to rest and regain strength. Despite the lack of a direct prescribable cure for the effect of astasia on the motor system of the legs, in almost all documented cases physical rehabilitation and relief from mental stressors have led to a full recovery. Although astasia is not expressly associated with any neurological disorders, there is a strong correlation between general mental hysteria and the symptoms of astasia. Therefore, isolation of the patient from the situation causing them hysteria is the most efficient way to rid them of disabling motor symptoms. Another method for treatment that patients who experience astasia is to have therapy for the triceps surae muscle. This therapy can help strengthen these muscles to help maintain an upright posture. It has also been suggested that ankle-foot orthoses be prescribed for these patients. This would help patients with astasia maintain balance by preventing ankle dorsiflexion.
For a brief period in the 1990s some services were extended to via
The levels of lactonase enzyme can vary between individuals, meaning that first-time users can show unpredictable results, even from small doses. In many this manifests as slow onset of effects, followed by headaches, semi-consciousness which is distinct from GBL sleep in normal users. If the user decides to try again at a later date, they appear to be able to enjoy the effects normally. 
On 29 May 2007, the public awoke to the devastating announcement that Dame Lois M. Browne-Evans DBE JP former Party Leader and Opposition Leader had passed away suddenly at the age of 79 in the early hours of the morning. She apparently suffered a stroke. Later that Tuesday morning Premier and Party Leader Dr the Hon. Ewart F. Brown and his Cabinet addressed the country on the passing of Dame Lois. In his comments on behalf of the Government, Premier Brown describes her as, "... a legend like no other…a champion for justice - not just for blacks but for all Bermudians..."
Moreira
The Hindi language writer Phanishwar Nath 'Renu' was born in this district at Aurahi Hingna village where his family still lives. At present a magazine Parti Palar is published there.
Muslim education in deoraj (Lauriya block) is 87.12% which is highest in bihar in a particular region.
The count info in the record is important if the processing is reduced more than one time. If we did not add the count of the records, the computed average would be wrong, for example:
A post/math rock band featuring Kenseth Thibideau, formerly of Tarentel
The group is named after Izz ad-Din al-Qassam, a Muslim preacher in the British Mandate of Palestine. In 1930 al-Qassam organized and established the Black Hand, an anti-Zionist and anti-British resistance organization.
HKN was originally established for electrical engineering students, but expanded to include computer engineering in 2000. Membership in the local chapter is offered to the top 25% of juniors and 33% of seniors at each college.
Chiwere Ndhlovu -
It is situated in front of the trunks of the cervical nerves, and pursues an almost vertical course as far as the transverse process of the axis.

99 Moo 9, Phitsanulok-Nakhon Sawan Road, Tha Pho, Mueang Phitsanulok, Phitsanulok 65000, Thailand
Adenosine triphosphate, or ATP, acts as a free energy "currency" in all living organisms. In a spontaneous dephosphorylation reaction 30.5 kJ/mol is released, which is harnessed to drive cellular reactions. Overall, nonspontaneous reactions coupled to the dephosphorylation of ATP are spontaneous, due to the negative free energy change of the coupled reaction. This is important in driving oxidative phosphorylation. ATP is dephosphorylated to ADP and inorganic phosphate.
The solubility of 2-butanol is incorrect in most sources, including some of the most well-known references such as the "Merck Index", the "CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics", and "Lange's Handbook of Chemistry". Even the International Programme on Chemical Safety lists the wrong solubility. This widespread error originated because of Beilstein's "Handbuch der Organischen Chemie" ("Handbook of Organic Chemistry"). This work cites a false solubility of 12.5 g/100 ml water. Many other sources used this solubility, which has snowballed into a widespread error in the industrial world. The correct data (35.0 g/100 ml at 20 °C, 29 g/100 ml at 25 °C, and 22 g/100 ml at 30 °C) was first published in 1886 by Alexejew and then similar data was reported by other scientists including Dolgolenko and Dryer in 1907 and 1913, respectively.
Modern regulations.
Mayne was beatified "equipollently" by Pope Leo XIII, by means of a decree of 29 December 1886 and was canonized along with the other Martyrs of England and Wales by Pope Paul VI on 25 October 1970.
Darwin himself wrote about this, in his autobiographical "Recollections of the Development of my Mind and Character" (1876):
Limitations.

The Soller Gambit, 2...Nc6 3.Nf3 f6, was named after its German exponent Karl Soller. The immediate 2...f6 is sometimes seen as well, when 3.Nf3 Nc6 transposes, but 3.e4! Nc6 4.Bc4 gives White a large advantage. In the Soller Gambit proper, International Master Gary Lane recommends 4.exf6 Nxf6 5.Bg5.
Competitive intelligence
A children's book he read as a child about fox and a dog contained a pangram scrawled in his childish handwriting that sparked the monumental dedication, and eventual reverence and worship, of him. Although the people don't worship him as a god, the council does. When the tiles of the monument begin to fall, the council believes that it is Nollop who is speaking to them from beyond the grave. In the end, the council finally figures out that Nollop is not holy like they had believed earlier. He most likely was a fraud.
" wanted to... be able to see the house on Plum Creek...as Laura would have done, as a happy, flower bedecked refuge from the elements, with the music of the nearby stream. Which is how he drew it."
On April 1, 2011, Tor Books collaborated with Scalzi on an April Fool's prank, with Tor claiming "Tor Books is proud to announce the launch of John Scalzi’s new fantasy trilogy, The Shadow War of the Night Dragons, which kicks off with book one: The Dead City." This excerpt from an imaginary novel took on a life of its own, being nominated for, and winning, the 2011 Tor.com Readers’ Choice Awards for short fiction. It is also nominated for the 2012 Hugo awards in the Best Short Story category.

Saanens are the largest of the goat dairy breeds, and one of the largest milk producers. Does typically weigh at least and stand tall, with bucks weighing at least and standing . The profile of the head is straight or dished (concave), with erect, forward-pointing mid-sized to large ears. Saanen does are known for their ease of management in herds, mellow temperaments and adaptability, as well as their production abilities. Their milk generally has a butterfat content of 3-4%.
DCMA.
Eymerich's most prominent and enduring work was the "Directorium Inquisitorum", which he had composed as early as 1376. It defined witchcraft, and described means for discovering witches. In compiling the book, Eymerich used many of the magic texts he had previously confiscated from accused sorcerers. The "Directorium Inquisitorum" was to become the definitive handbook of procedure for the Spanish Inquisition until into the seventeenth century. It can also be considered as an assessment of a century and half of official Inquisition in the conquered "albigensian" country.
In the wake of World War II, the oil industry was expanding rapidly. Sensing a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, Suliman set out on his own in the summer of 1947. With a personal loan secured on his home, he established General Contracting Company (GCC).
Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Co Thach urged all parties involved to separate Kampuchean problems into internal and external aspects. Therefore, to begin the process of restoring peace, the Vietnamese delegation proposed a two-stage plan that begins with internal discussions among the Kampuchean factions, followed by a roundtable discussion with all involved countries. The Vietnamese proposal won out at the meeting, but no agreements were reached. At the Second Jakarta Meeting, on 19 February 1989, Australian Foreign Minister Gareth Evans forwarded the Cambodian Peace Plan to bring about a ceasefire, a peacekeeping force and the establishment of a national unity government to maintain Kampuchea’s sovereignty until elections were held. To facilitate a peace agreement on the eve of the Vietnamese withdrawal, between 29–30 April 1989, Hun Sen convened a meeting of the National Assembly to adopt a new constitution, and the country was renamed the to reflect the state of ambiguity of the country’s sovereignty. Furthermore, Buddhism was re-established as the state religion, and citizens were guaranteed the right to hold private property.

Lyrical poetry dominated from the 1970s onwards. Poetry is quite popular in 21st century Korea, both in terms of number of works published and lay writing.
In Ratigan's final CNBC broadcast from the floor of the NYSE he reported on what he called "an important story developing" that Goldman Sachs and "a variety of European banks," in his assessment and that of his guests, essentially "perpetrated securities fraud" and an "insurance fraud scam" against AIG — and, by extension, the government and taxpayers funding that insurance company's "bailout" — by insuring their questionable investment vehicles and, upon their devaluation, making claims on them to be paid by AIG "at 100 cents on the dollar" despite all of the markdowns "being forced upon every other" entity including the government, banks, shareholders, bond holders, taxpayers and homeowners.
Television career.


Upon the album's reissue in 2000, "Alternative Press" gave "Get Up with It" a rave review and called it "essential ... the overlooked classic of psychedelic soul and outlandish improv ... representing the high water mark of [Davis'] experiments in the fusion of rock, funk, electronica and jazz". Stylus Magazine's Chris Smith said that it is "not an easy album to write, let alone think, about. It’s a bit more of an anything-goes hodgepodge than it is a sprawling masterwork, and is probably written about the least of all Miles’ electric work."
The twins consider their job done and grant their father's wish of having a burial at sea with the assistance of Bryn's boat, with the coffin respectfully draped in the Welsh flag. It is a poignant moment as the local choir (formed from a number of real-life local male voice choirs) sing the Welsh language song "Myfanwy" at the end of Mumbles Pier. Meanwhile Terry Walsh, terrified and pleading, has been gagged and bound to the coffin, and lowered into the sea just off the pier head of Mumbles Swansea. The coffin floats for a while before the twins make a bet to how long the coffin would stay afloat, seemingly brushing aside the emotion of their father's funeral at sea.
History.
History.
