The piece has been filmed twice. The first, in 1933, directed by Herbert Wilcox was filmed in black-and-white, with Anna Neagle and Fernand Gravet in the leading roles. A version for MGM in in 1940, directed by W S Van Dyke was in colour and starred Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy. In both cases, the score was heavily cut. Coward disliked the much-rewritten 1940 film and vowed that no more of his plays would be filmed in Hollywood. In 1951 he told "The Daily Express", "I was saving up "Bitter Sweet" as an investment for my old age. After MGM's dreadful film I can never revive it."
Following the announcement of Robot Entertainment, former Ensemble Studios producer David Rippy started a new independent studio, Bonfire Studios, composed entirely of former Ensemble staff members. Bonfire was later renamed Zynga Dallas through its acquisition by Zynga and released only one game as an independent company.

The laser device discovered snow falling from clouds; this was not known before the mission. It was also determined that cirrus clouds formed in the area.
Health.
John Trimble
Recording sessions.
On 24 June 2005, Carlos was robbed by two gunmen while doing a live radio interview. However, the thieves did not harm him, merely taking his watch and the interviewer's cellular phone.
There are no recognized subspecies, but there is a size increase from south to north. They are 260-280mm long with a wing of 192-211mm, bill 23-26mm, tarsus 57-66mm and tail 71-84mm. Juveniles have a brown crown and the sexes are alike but males have slightly longer wings and tarsi. The call is a sharp "tchee-it" call.
"An Iterative Image Registration Technique with an Application to Stereo Vision".
where formula_11 is "N"-dimensional real space (see also set-builder notation). The particular solution to the Euler–Lagrange equations is called a "(configuration) path or trajectory", i.e. one particular q("t") subject to the required initial conditions. The general solutions form a set of possible configurations as functions of time:
Design and development.
The adult male has a bizarre wing ornament during the breeding season, with a broad central flight feather on each wing elongated to 38 cm, much longer than the bird's body. 20 cm or more of this is bare shaft. In normal flight, these feathers trail behind, but in display flight they are raised vertically like standards. Outside the breeding season, there are no plumage distinctions between the male and female.
School of Education and Health Sciences.
More generally, the GNS construction shows that every state is, after a suitable representation, a vector state. 
Consumer reporting.
Bank failures snowballed as desperate bankers called in loans, which the borrowers did not have time or money to repay. With future profits looking poor, capital investment and construction slowed or completely ceased. In the face of bad loans and worsening future prospects, the surviving banks became even more conservative in their lending. Banks built up their capital reserves and made fewer loans, which intensified deflationary pressures. A vicious cycle developed and the downward spiral accelerated.
Afterward.
A dive brake was fitted aft of the tail, with rear-hinged single dorsal and ventral "petals" to deploy using a jackscrew during anticipated dive bombing missions. These features increased the design's weight to . Dornier had intended the speed to be in the region of .
On June 13, 2011, THQ announced the closure of Kaos Studios (the developer of "Homefront") and THQ Digital Warrington (formerly Juice Games). On July 27, 2011, THQ announced it was dropping the long running "Red Faction" franchise. This was believed to be due to the poor reception over the latest game in the franchise, "". In the same year on August 9, 2011, THQ announced it would shift its development focus away from licensed kids and movie-based titles by closing down THQ Studio Australia and Blue Tongue in order to focus on "high-quality owned IP." The company also closed down THQ Digital Phoenix (formerly Rainbow Studios), thus dropping the "MX vs. ATV" franchise. 
Treatment.
Jing'an District was named after Jing'an Temple, an ancient traditional Chinese Buddhist temple, today's temple is a new replica of the old one, located in the southern part of the district. An Art Deco "dancehall" is just across the street; around the neighborhood are bar streets, although some areas develop and other close through the years. The Jing'an park, located opposite to the temple, is quite popular among locals; it used to be a graveyard for foreigners in the old Shanghai. 
Geography.
Frederick James "Fred" Archer (11 January 1857 –8 November 1886), also known by the nickname The Tin Man, was an English flat race jockey of the Victorian era, described as "the best all-round jockey that the turf has ever seen".
The firm Klein & Quenzer was among the best known producers of costume jewellery before it rose to become the biggest manufacturer of German medals and decorations during the two world wars.
