
Early life and education.

Personal life.
International career.
The son of John Brooke and Mary Colbeck, Brooke was educated in Thornes House School, Wakefield. From 1964 to 1982, he worked as Assistant Secretary of the Inland Revenue Staff Federation, from 1982 to 1988 as Deputy General Secretary and as General Secretary from 1988 to 1995. In 1996 Brooke became Joint General Secretary of Public Services Tax and Commerce Union and held this post until 1998. He was Member of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress (TUC) between 1989 and 1996 and between 1993 and 1996 of the TUC Executive Committee. Brooke is a Member of the Public and Commercial Services Union (PCS), the successor to the civil service union he led.
The threefold office or function of Christ was first presented by Eusebius of Caesarea. The theologians who followed Luther and Melanchthon down to the middle of the seventeenth century treat Christ's saving work under the two heads of king and priest. Calvin, in the first edition of his "Institutes" (1536), did the same, and it was not till the third edition (1559) and the Genevan Catechism that he fully presented the three offices. This convenient threefold division of the office of Christ was used by the theologians of both confessions during the seventeenth century. Ernesti opposed it, but Schleiermacher restored it.
The ETAF lost three F-5Es to ground fire and one C-47 transport plane to a MIG-17 while one Canberra was flown by a defecting pilot to Somalia. Another Canberra was lost due a mechanical problem deep inside Ethiopia after it suffered hits from ground attack. Two F-5E pilots as well as the C-47 crew were captured by the Somalis while one F-5E pilot was rescued by helicopter. One of the F-5E pilots captured was Legesse Teferra, credited with six Somali MIG kills. His F-5E was shot down while overflying an area thought to be in control by Ethiopian forces. He was captured by the local Somali population and was turned over to then Somali army commander of the region, Colonel Abdullahi Yusuf. Colonel Abdullahi Yusuf later became President of Somalia. The other captured F-5E pilot, Afework Kidanu, died while in captivity in Somalia.
On October 25, 2009 at the final round of the Championship at Portimão, Spies was crowned the 2009 Superbike World Champion after winning Race One, in conjunction with a fall from title rival Noriyuki Haga, and a solid 5th place in Race 2.

