The Yankees started August by losing 1-0 to the Angels when Mariano Rivera gave up a run in the 9th inning. The Yankees rebounded to take the next two, including an 8-2 win on Old Timers Day and a 14-9 come-from-behind victory on Sunday. The Yankees embarked on a key 10-game road trip with four against the Texas Rangers. In the opener, Joba Chamberlain was injured before the bullpen surrendered a walk-off grand slam to Marlon Byrd. The second game saw the Yankees fall short despite a grand slam of their own before rebounding to win the next two for the split. They were then swept in Anaheim, highlighted by a 8th inning 8-run meltdown on Saturday and Mariano Rivera allowing a walk off hit the next day. After losing two out of three to the Minnesota Twins, the Yankees were written off as contenders. Returning home, they dropped the opener to the Kansas City Royals but rebounded to win the next day in the 12th inning when Brett Gardner drove in the winning run. They took the series with a 15-6 romp the next day. The Yankees went back on the road for six games and lost two of three in Toronto. They did rebound to sweep the Baltimore Orioles, but the struggles continued at home vs Boston as they dropped the first 2 games, 7-3, and 11-3, respectively. A-Rod was heavily booed in game 1, as he was 0 for 5 and grounded into 2 double plays with one being in a bases-loaded situation. He also struck out to end the game. The Yankees would salvage the series finale with a score of 3-2 thanks to pinch-hitter Jason Giambi hitting a two-run homer in the 7th, and then a walk-off single in the bottom of the 9th.
Umbilicus horizontalis

The Battle School originated due to a need by the Department of Defence for a military training facility where conventional and integrated training on divisional level could be executed. 
After a diplomatic attempt to convene a multilateral Cyprus conference failed as a result of Greek resistance, in December 1958 Greek and Turkish foreign ministers entered into bilateral negotiations. Convening in Zurich in 1959 to establish the foundation for the political structure of the new state, the treatises and the constitution were officially signed on 16 August 1960 in Nicosia. 
Rodes married, first, Elizabeth Sandford of Thorpe Salvine, Yorkshire; and, secondly, Mary Charlton of Appley in Shropshire. Her sister Elizabeth married John Manners, 4th Earl of Rutland, who appointed Rodes 
River.
The causes for deformation monitoring are changes in the bedrock, increase or decrease of weight, changes of the material properties or outside influences.
Muyombe chiefdom consists of several villages, among the notable ones being Muyombe which hosts the Chief's palace, Bulawula, Chabazamba (see Tubale),Chandeya, Chibanza,Chidulika, Chifunda, Chigoma, Chikoya, Chimung'ontho (see Nathan), Choma, Chowa, Dowoko, Gombelimo, Jombo, Kadanje, Kalembwe, Kapalakaska, Kapela, Kapenda - Maji, Kapilimutuza, Kasakalawe, Kaswanga, Kasyamusenga, Katanga, Khuyu, Mahobe, Masangani, Matendo, Mayowa, Mitanga, Mombo, Mugomba, Mugula, Mukolomanga, Mulowe, Mung'ang'a, Musantha, Musenga, Muzenga-bweka, Muzilakunyola, Mpemba, Mphalayi, Mwezi-Mupya, Namovwe, Nathan (see Chimung'ontho) Njela, Samu, Samu-Saluya, Sanga, Sungo, Thiti, Tubale(See Chabazamba),Vumbo,Wenela, and Zumbe among others. The villages are administered by Headmen on behalf of the Chief, and who also act as advisors indunas to the chief on various traditional issues including arbitration.
John Stuart Ingle (1933 - October 30, 2010) was an American contemporary realist artist, known for his meticulously rendered watercolor paintings, typically still lifes. Some criticism has characterized Ingle's work as a kind of magic realism. Ingle was born in Indiana and died, aged 77, in Minnesota.
Henry Suter
Later, York's consolidated brigade of Tigers fought in Early's army during the Battle of Monocacy and several subsequent battles in the Shenandoah Valley. In late 1864, the Tigers returned to the Army of Northern Virginia in the trenches around Petersburg, Virginia. By the Appomattox Campaign, many regiments were reduced to less than 100 men apiece, and Brig. Gen. William R. Peck had become the Tigers' final commander.
