History.
<doc id="4677525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4677525" title="Single-tension (drums)">
<doc id="4677976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4677976" title="Custos Rotulorum of Flintshire">
In 1961 the close binary nature of this system was discovered by Nicholas E. Wagman at the Allegheny Observatory. Since then the orbital elements of the two stars have been fairly well established. The two stars are separated by a semimajor axis of 7.61 AUs with distance range of 3.3-11.9 AUs. In 1966, the individual components were first resolved by the American astronomer Peter A. Wehinger using the 84-inch reflector at the Kitt Peak National Observatory, allowing an initial estimate of separate masses.
Listening to the Gray and Beneke orchestras provides an interesting contrast. Gray was arguably closer in spirit to the Miller legacy but never quite achieved the same level of popularity because he was less of a showman and Decca was no match for RCA's marketing machinery. Beneke benefited from greater name recognition and stage presence but was hampered by restrictions placed on him by the Miller Estate both before and after his split with RCA. Gray continued to tour with his band in various forms through the 1950s. In 1953 he and Henry Mancini worked together on the biopic The Glenn Miller Story, starring James Stewart and June Allyson. In addition to leading his dance band he wrote and arranged for singers such as Vic Damone and released a very non-Miller-oriented LP featuring a full chorus and many of his own compositions. 
Vance DeBar Colvig, Jr. (March 9, 1918 – March 3, 1991) was an American character actor.
SO: from deuterium loss, we know how much of the tagged water left the body "as" water. And, since the concentration of 18O in the body's water is measured after the labeling dose is given, we "also" know how much of the tagged oxygen left the body in the water. (A simpler view is that the ratio of deuterium to 18O in body water is fixed, so total loss-rate of deuterium from the body multiplied by this ratio, immediately gives the loss rate of 18O in water.) Measurement of 18O dilution with time gives the total loss of this isotope by all routes (by water and respiration). Since the ratio of 18O to total water oxygen in the body is measured, we can convert 18O loss in respiration to total oxygen lost from the body's water pool via conversion to carbon dioxide. How much oxygen left the body "as CO2" is the same as the CO2 produced by metabolism, since the body only produces CO2 by this route. The CO2 loss tells us the energy produced, if we know or can estimate the respiratory quotient (ratio of CO2 produced to oxygen used).
Texas Revolution.
Culture.
Information Technology is a growing field in South India. Bangalore is India's Information Technology hub, and is home to over 200 software companies. It is often referred to as the Silicon Valley of India. Four of the country's top seven exporters of software viz. Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and Coimbatore are located in South India.
SketchFighter's game play consists of using the ship to explore different zones in the game. As the player explores, he or she must fight a variety of enemies. The player acquires different power up items in the game, such as different weapon types, different colors of weapons, improved shields and faster and stronger engines. Some of these power ups require defeating a boss; others are offered for exploring new areas of the map, including areas that can be unlocked by the player through the use of a newly acquired power up.
Ibiza Airport has just one terminal. Shops, restaurants, rental car companies and a pharmacy all of them landside and airside located. Disabled passengers can travel through all areas. There are facilities for baby changing-feeding, and play areas for children.
Although it has not been difficult to encourage the adoption of the vocabulary of mainstreaming, there is little evidence of monitoring or follow-up. A consistent problem for all the organizations that adopted gender mainstreaming is the translation of the commitment into action. Progress is variable and there are signs of gender mainstreaming fatigue within the UN, caused by a lack of adequate training and support. A review of gender mainstreaming policies implemented under the UNDP, World Bank, and ILO found inadequate budgeting for the gender components of projects, insufficient development of analytical skills, poor supervision of the implementation of gender components and a general lack of political commitment both within the organization and at the country level.
At around the same time, Collingwood O’Hare fully created, developed and produced the international music-based animation series Oscar’s Orchestra for the BBC and Warner Bros. Television. This original and innovative series, starring Dudley Moore as Oscar the Piano, went into US syndication.
Works.
!colspan="5"|Northern region
SMC and CSIRO.

<doc id="4685084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4685084" title="Stakenborg">
There was to be a fourth, unnamed anchor store located at the north side of the mall (facing the Atlantic City Race Track) but the space was never occupied until construction began in 2012 for the addition of two "Junior Anchors" Forever 21 and H&M. Prior to the construction the footprint of this spot was marked by a large grass patch in the parking lot, as well as an underused area across from the food court where the mall entrance would've been. It was rumored that either a movie theater or Steinbach would reside there. With the Steinbach going out of business and a Regal Cinemas that opened at the nearby Hamilton Commons shopping center nothing happened with the space until the mall began its expansion.
The earlier method uses the following bids.
The Franciscans, unlike the Dominicans, Carmelites and other orders, have never had a peculiar rite properly so called, but conformably to the mind of St. Francis of Assisi always followed the Roman Rite for the celebration of Mass. However, the Friars Minor and the Capuchins wear the amice, instead of the biretta, over the head, and are accustomed to say Mass with their feet uncovered, save only by sandals. They also enjoy certain privileges in regard to the time and place of celebrating Mass, and the Missale Romano-Seraphicum contains many proper Masses not found in the Roman Missal. These are mostly feasts of Franciscan saints and blessed, which are not celebrated throughout the Church, or other feasts having a peculiar connexion with the order, e.g. the Feast of the Mysteries of the Way of the Cross (Friday before Septuagesima), and that of the Seven Joys of the Blessed Virgin (First Sunday after the octave of the Assumption). The same is true in regard to the "Breviarium Romano-Seraphicum" and "Martyrologium Romano-Seraphicum". 
Brackets/Results.

The city is split into 35 wards for local government. Like the parliamentary constituencies, their borders are rigidly defined.
In 1938, and for many years thereafter, Al Nozaki lived in Echo Park, California. Shortly after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, Nozaki was abruptly dismissed from his job at Paramount. In the spring of 1942, during the roundup of 120,000 West Coast residents of Japanese descent, he and his wife, Lorna, were sent to the Manzanar internment camp in California's Owens Valley.
After coaching for the Devils, Sulliman spent the next decade and a half working on Wall Street and in the insurance industry. He also worked with Mike Emrick from 1995 to 1996 as a broadcast analyst. On July 10, 2008, Phoenix Coyotes General Manager Don Maloney announced that Sulliman had been hired by the Coyotes as an Assistant Coach for Head Coach Wayne Gretzky's staff.
The medal is earned by completing the patch, then completing 12 hours of conservation work.
listed in order of first tour appearance
<doc id="4689860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4689860" title="Chafurin">
<doc id="4690438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4690438" title="BC-1">

Chulucanas is a town in Piura Region, Peru. The town is famous for its pottery. Originally dating from pre-Inca times it is today exported all over the world. Designs are varied, but are predominated by black and white. There are several bigger companies but a lot of small manufactures are in Chulucanas itself and in the nearby villages of Quatro Esquinas.
The American media, without grasping potential implications for domestic race relations, welcomed the decisive positions of the new Pope. More important, devout Catholic that he (Pope Pius XII) was, he knew which side he was for, and, unlike his predecessors during War I, said so. 

Some traditional senior portrait sittings include a cap and gown and other changes of clothing, portrait styles and poses. In recent decades, the convention has been to feature male students in tuxedo jackets and female students in a silk or fur drape and a pearl necklace which is meant to simulate the appearance of a formal gown.
"Man+SPACE: Kwangju Biennale 2000", Kwangju, Korea;
Secondary Section.
The Provisional Government of the French Republic ("gouvernement provisoire de la République française" or GPRF) was an interim government of Free France between 1944 and 1946 following the liberation of continental France after the operations "Overlord" and "Dragoon", and lasted until the establishment of the French Fourth Republic. Its establishment marked the official restoration and re-establishment of a provisional French Republic assuring continuity with the defunct French Third Republic.
48172-48178 2 Corps Military Censors Office 
History.
Borate and Daggett Railroad
The Texas rig is a technique used for fishing with soft plastic lures. It involves a bullet-shaped weight being threaded onto the fishing line first, followed by an optional glass or plastic bead, and then the line is secured to a hook, usually an offset worm hook. 

Passenger.
Orlando Wells (born 9 June 1973) is an English writer and actor.

He is possibly best known for his recurring role as Bercol during the first two series of "Blake's 7". He also appeared in the third series as the torturer Shrinker. He also appeared in the "Doctor Who" serial "The Creature from the Pit".
The statistical area "Zenderen", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1320.

In 1992, Lustig was awarded a Gold Medal at the New York Radio Festival for a special edition of "The World Tonight" broadcast live from Moscow on the last day of the Soviet Union. In 1998, he won the Sony Silver Award for Talk/News Broadcaster of the Year. In 1999 he was described in "The Times" as "arguably the best news presenter anywhere in radio after John Humphrys". He was awarded Beard of the Year in 2012 presented by Beard Liberation Front.
<doc id="4699874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4699874" title="Richard Onslow, 5th Earl of Onslow">

KUSP
<doc id="4701345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4701345" title="François Sudre (1787–1862)">
<doc id="4701795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4701795" title="Treaty of Akhal">
The expression top dog is an idiomatic for the boss or the leader. In a competition, it is also the favorite or the one expected to win, and the opposite of the underdog. It may be a shorthand reference for a dominance hierarchy.
<doc id="4702746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4702746" title="Portulaca grandiflora">
The a-side to the single, "Dancing Junk" was used as the first ending theme to the anime series Nintama Rantarou.
Shortlands is served by several Transport for London bus services linking it with areas including Beckenham, Bromley, Croydon, Crystal Palace, Orpington and Penge.
Personal life.

<doc id="4704935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4704935" title="Marine Wing Support Squadron 171">

