Kaknäs
Annie Little is an American singer-songwriter, and actress who co-wrote/sings the songs, and performs in the animated stop-motion commercials for the Amazon Kindle. Initially, directors Angela Kohler and Ithyle Griffiths created a video that was chosen out of a contest that Amazon.com held where they asked for user submissions. Amazon aired the commercial nationally and went on to have the team create three more 30-second spots. Annie appeared in two more and her duo "Little & Ashley" composed and performed the music for all of them. The first commercial of the series uses stop motion in rhythm of her song "Fly Me Away", which Amazon has given away for free in their MP3 store.

Since 2011, Česká Lípa has been a farm team for Czech 2. Liga side FK Baník Most.
Luminescent Bacteria: Hastings investigations of luminous bacteria acted as a catalyst for the discoveries of the biochemical mechanisms involved in their light production, the discovery of a flavin to be a substrate in its luciferase reaction, the determination of gene regulation of the luciferases, and the first evidence for quorum sensing, a form of bacterial communication. In quorum sensing (initially termed autoinduction), the bacteria release a substance into the medium, the autoinducer. Once the concentration of this substance reaches a critical level (a measure of the number of bacteria in a limited area), transcription of specific other genes that had been repressed are turned on. Once the sequenced autoinducer gene was found to occur widely in gram-negative bacteria quorum sensing became accepted in the early 1990s. It is now known that in many pathogenic bacteria, there is delayed production of toxins, which serve to greatly augment their pathogenicity, this is similar to what happens for luciferase proteins. By curtailing their toxin output until the bacterial populations are substantial, these bacteria can generate massive quantities of toxin quickly and thereby swamp the defences of the host.
3. Western Front: 7 March 1918 - ca 11 November 1918
27 laps ()
Lindsey Wixson
"The Taffetas, Appalachian Christmas Homecoming, Shirley Valentine, The Miracle Worker, Evelyn and the Polka King, And Then They Came for Me" (Tour)

