Beck Foot is a village in Cumbria, England.
Honours.



At night of August 15, 1947, the communist force divided into two, with one portion consisted of the 3rd Regiment of the communist 1st Garrison Brigade with high ranking local cadres (prefecture level), and this smaller force successfully evaded the pursuing nationalists by moving southward. Majority of the communist force continued its eastward retreat along the valley of Meridian Ridge. The local communists had drafted many donkeys to help to carry the supplies, and this had jammed the road, thus seriously slowed the speed, with the fleeing communists only moved 20 km for the entire night.
History.
Despite claims by Russian military sources, armed resistance in Samashki was not of an organized nature, as the main Chechen rebel forces left the village following the Russian ultimatum by Generals Antonov, Kulikov and Romanov, ending on April 6, 1995, to hand over the 264 automatic weapons supposedly present in Samashki (the villagers had handed in 11 automatic weapons). Before the ultimatum, Samashki had already been under siege for a prolonged period of time, and several failed storming attempts by the Russian forces had been undertaken since the beginning of the war in December 1994. However, the main force of more than 200 fighters left Samashki under the pressure of the village elders who wanted the village spared. The same elders and the village mullah were fired on by the Russians on the morning of April 7 while returning from the negotiations before the federal attack; the military command announced that it was the separatists who had shot at the elders. Nevertheless, a lightly armed village militia of some 40 self-defense fighters, all of them local residents, resisted the MVD and fighting ensued. A group of 12 fighters immediately broke out from the village, while the other groups put a Russian tank and two armoured personnel carriers (APCs) out of action before retreating as well. Both sides took casualties; two Russian troopers and four self-defense fighters have presumably been killed in combat. Several Russian armoured vehicles were lost during their advance due to land mines.
Dr Margaret Elsworth MBE (born 5 December 1929, East Grinstead, Sussex) was the founder of the African Scholars' Fund and the African Scholars' Fund UK. She was educated at Micklefield and Herschel Girls School. She graduated in 1954 from the University of Cape Town with a MBChB. As a student she helped her father, Sandy Blagden, establish CAFDA, an organisation that raised funds for the development of poor communities living on the Cape Flats by selling second hand books. CAFDA bookshops still flourish today. During those years she also co-founded SHAWCO. IAfter years of working at the Red Cross Hospital she realised the priority of education in helping families rise above their impoverished conditions, and began recycling school textbooks from privileged white schools to poor black schools. In 1970 She founded the African Scholar's Fund, and later TECSAT (Technical College Student Aid Trust Western Cape). She has worked as a medical officer for the Janet Bourhill Institute from 1961 to 1994. In 1987 she was awarded an honorary Master of Social Sciences from the University of Cape Town. In 1996 she was awarded an MBE from Queen Elizabeth II for her work for charity. Her husband, Dr Jack Elsworth, died in 2003.
The club currently holds the record for the most FA Cup triumphs with 11, the most Premier League titles with 13, and the highest number of English top-flight titles with 20. The club's record appearance maker is Ryan Giggs, who has made more than 950 appearances since his debut in 1991, and the club's record goalscorer is Bobby Charlton, who scored 249 goals in 758 games between 1956 and 1973.
<doc id="12784350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12784350" title="Fred Enke (American football)">
