
Latakia and the surrounding districts became a separate autonomous state under a Mandate given to France by the League of Nations and remained so for two years until its incorporation into the larger, French Mandate of Syria in 1923. It was known intermittently as the "Alawite State" after its majority of inhabitants, who happen to be Alawites. 


Conquesting as used in the Advertising industry, is a means to deploy an advertisement for one's products or services adjacent to editorial content relating to the competitor or the competitors' products. 
The Control Strip is a user interface component of the "classic" System 7 Mac OS which remained until the Mac OS X system replaced the classic Mac OS in December 2001.
8th Regiment Iowa Volunteer Cavalry
St. Peter ad Vincula
Islip (LIRR station)
Final load counts:

Eduard "Eddy" Scharf (born November 7, 1953 in Cologne) is a German professional poker player best known for winning two World Series of Poker bracelets.
In his memory, starting with season 2003-2004 the Romanian National Championship will be called officially: "Campionatul National "Andrei FOLBERT" 2003-2004".
Crawfish Creek is a short stream in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S state of Wyoming This watercourse is known for its unusually warm temperatures compared to other surface water bodies in Wyoming; these elevated temperatures enable crawfish to thrive in the water. Summer water temperatures are in the range of 22 to 24 degrees Celsius; pH levels are typically about 9.1, or somewhat alkaline. The warm waters come from a southern portion of the Yellowstone volcanic zone which produces hot water from hot springs and fumaroles in the area. The stream feeds into the Lewis River just south of the Lewis River Canyon and just before the Lewis River converges with the Snake River.
KMAQ has the distinction of having an all-female sales force, with the exception of its sales manager Leighton Hepker, who also serves as station manager. 
Jungmann
The trail was named in a contest in 1967 by D.B. Remington. "Waskaheegan" is Plains Cree for "house", in reference to the nearby Fort Edmonton trading post. At the same time in 1967, the Regional Trials Committee was formed to promote the Trail in the "Edmonton Journal" and setting up a set of group bylaws. WTA was 'born' at 7:40 pm, March 20, 1969 at a meetings of the Regional Trails Committee. Work in earnest began in 1973 with of trail being built and the first guide book published.

<doc id="11722578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11722578" title="2007 DFS Classic">
SQL/XML or XML-Related Specifications is part 14 of the Structured Query Language (SQL) specification. In addition to the traditional predefined SQL data types like codice_1 it introduces the predefined data type codice_2 together with constructors, several routines, functions, and XML-to-SQL data type mappings to support manipulation and storage of XML in a SQL database. 
<doc id="11724582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11724582" title="Rutger Hauer filmography">
In 1987 the company reported its best financial results - sales of $134 million and net income of over $7 million. That same year, Sound Insight was purchased by a group of Canadian and US investors and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Vector No. Acquisition Corporation. During this period the company went through a period of rapid expansion, opening almost 100 new retail stores during 1989. 
<doc id="11726394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11726394" title="PG 1159 star">
Although theatre has been her home ground she has also been a reliable talent in Australian films and mini-series, landing many credits for strong supporting roles. She made one foray into directing in the little-noticed "The More Things Change..." (1986).
Construction of the facilities of the ferroalloys plant started in 1962. In January 1968, the first ton of ferroalloys was produced at the plant, and in July 1970 8 smelters were commissioned in Workshop No. 2. The first CEO of the Yermak Ferroalloys Plant was Pyotr Topilsky. In 1995, the enterprise merged into the Kazkhrom Transnational Company.
The Arab Society for Intellectual Property (ASIP) is a non-profit organization based in Munich established on February 23, 1987 with the purpose of enhancing and developing the protection of the Intellectual Property (IP) system in Arab countries.

Video recordings.
The port is used by the Mittal Steel Company as its transport hub for exporting and importing cargo from and for Mittal Steel Galaţi, the largest Romanian steel producer.
Eugen Fischer (1874–1967), appointed by Hitler rector of the University of Berlin, was one of the leading theorists of scientific racism.
France had made a number of attempts to invade and overrun Hanover since 1757, hoping to occupy the Electorate and use it as a bargaining counter to exchange for the return of French colonies captured by the British. The Allied army under the Duke of Brunswick had prevented them from taking Hanover - and by 1762, aware that the war was likely to draw to a close, the French had decided on a final thrust to try to defeat Brunswick and occupy Hanover.

The betrothed of an elven prince was brutally slain on the day of their wedding. The mad bridegroom now uses his powerful magic to turn his forest realm into a horrific haunted nightmare. Do you have the courage to bring peace to these cursed woods?
<doc id="11733806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11733806" title="Susi Erdmann">
He has been the recipient of The Stephen Crane Award, the Sue Kaufman Prize from The American Academy of Arts and Letters, a Lowell Thomas Gold Medal for Travel Journalism, and a fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.
