Built by Germaniawerft in Kiel, Germany, she was launched in April 1915. The "G" in "G41" refers to the shipyard at which she was constructed.

Sheringham Little Theatre is in Sheringham, Norfolk. It is in the centre of the town and offers a large range of entertainment throughout the year, notably its summer repertory season which runs from July to September every year. 

Aag Dur Daag is a 1970 Hindi film directed by A. Salaam. The film stars Joy Mukherjee and Madan Puri. The film's music is by Datta Naik.
A concha bullosa is a pneumatized (air-filled) cavity within a turbinate in the nose. (Concha is another term for turbinate.) Bullosa refers to the air-filled cavity within the turbinate. It is a normal anatomic variant seen in up to half the population. Occasionally, a large concha bullosa within a turbinate may cause it to bulge sufficiently to obstruct the opening of an adjacent sinus, possibly leading to recurrent sinusitis. In such a case the turbinate can be reduced in size by endoscopic nasal surgery (turbinectomy). The presence of a concha bullosa is often associated with deviation of the nasal septum toward the opposite side of the nasal cavity. Although it is thought that sinusitis or sinus pathology has relation to concha bullosa, no strong statistical correlation has been demonstrated.
<doc id="13523340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13523340" title="Akira Satō (photographer)">
Haunted Houses:
Ken Domon
Reception.
Farmers' responses.
Although received poorly by critics, the pilot managed to finish first among total viewers and adults 18–49 for its night. Many critics criticized the acting and the writing; one said that it had the "worst writing of the new season". A few found that even though the series did not seem great, it "had potential". Jason Dohring's performance was praised, and one critic wished that he had "a bit more screen time".
<doc id="13528467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13528467" title="Dimorphocerataceae">
Maine Senator Olympia Snowe said in 2004 that the region is disadvantaged by the fact that it was the only region in the United States for which a federal High Priority Corridor was not designated in the 1991 Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act.
The earliest known name for Great Britain is "Albion" (Ἀλβίων) or "insula Albionum", from either the Latin "albus" meaning white (referring to the white cliffs of Dover, the first view of Britain from the continent) or the "island of the "Albiones"", first mentioned in the "Massaliote Periplus" in the 6th century BC, and by Pytheas.
<doc id="13530915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13530915" title="TRPC7">
On September 11, the Supreme Court of the Philippines promulgated a temporary restraining order (TRO) on the $329-million national broadband network (NBN) contract between the Philippine government and China's ZTE based on separate certiorari suits filed by Iloilo Vice-Governor and former Representative Rolex Suplico and Joey de Venecia III. Under political pressure from the opposition group, the court gave ZTE fifteen days to comment on the injunction. Suplico, a former opposition congressman, alleged that the agreement was sealed without public bidding and violated the Telecoms Policy Act, which required privatization of all telecommunications facilities. Congressman Padilla sued DOTC and ZTE officials of violating the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act, the Telecommunications Policy Act, the Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) Act and the Government Procurement Act at the Office of the Ombudsman. AHI also petitioned the Court to direct the DOTC to provide copies of the contract, since it should have won the same. The younger de Venecia testified on September 18 that Mike Arroyo, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo's husband, personally told him to "back off" from pursuing the NBN project.
Time and cost.
