As of 2007, there were a record 120 CIS football players on the rosters of Canadian Football League teams. 
<doc id="383467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=383467" title="Doordarshan">

Alois Kayser
A related cause of accidents is failure of control software, as in the cases involving the Therac-25 medical radiotherapy equipment: the elimination of a hardware safety interlock in a new design model exposed a previously undetected bug in the control software, which could lead to patients receiving massive overdoses under a specific set of conditions.
Virginius affair 1873.
Unique Identifiers Rule (National Provider Identifier).
Aboriginals.
The Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (, "Sovet Ekonomicheskoy Vzaimopomoshchi", , "SEV"; English abbreviation COMECON, CMEA, or CAME) was an economic organization from 1949 to 1991 under the leadership of the Soviet Union that comprised the countries of the Eastern Bloc along with a number of socialist states elsewhere in the world. The Comecon was the Eastern Bloc's reply to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Co-Operation in Western Europe.
Presidents of the university.
The Victor B.2 featured a distinct change in the aircraft's engine arrangements; incorporated into the right wing root was a Blackburn "Artouste" airborne auxiliary power unit (AAPU), effectively a small fifth engine. The AAPU was capable of providing high-pressure air for starting the main engines, and also providing electrical power on the ground or alternatively in the air as an emergency back-up in the event of main engine failures. The AAPU also acted to reduce the need for external specialist support equipment. Turbine-driven alternators, otherwise known as ram air turbines (RATs), had been introduced on the B.2 to provide emergency power in the event of electrical or hydraulic power being lost. Retractable scoops in the rear fuselage would open to feed ram air into the RATs, which would provide sufficient electrical power to operate the flight controls. In the event of engine flameout RATs would assist the crew in maintaining control of the aircraft until the main engines could be relit.

The role of presiding over the House of Lords was removed from the office of Lord Chancellor by the Constitutional Reform Act 2005. As a result, the Lord Chancellor's former role in introductions has been the Lord Speaker's since 2006.
Granting and proving descent of arms.
The DVD includes a "director's dialogue" between Soderbergh and playwright/director Neil LaBute, recorded in 1998. LaBute's presence leads to conversational tangents unrelated to the film, although most of the tangents are related to the question of what it means to be a director, and are intended, as Soderbergh summarizes at the end, to "demystify" the process of making a film. LaBute's presence prompts Soderbergh to talk about reverse zooms, dolly shots, how actors have varying expectations of their director, the difference between stealing from a film you admire and paying tribute to it, shooting out of sequence, how the role of a director changes as their success (and their budgets) grow, and other filmmaking topics.
<doc id="385111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=385111" title="Bud Bird">
In addition, the CSN International (originally known as the "Calvary Satellite Network") and Effect Radio networks were founded by a Calvary Chapel in Twin Falls, Idaho; though CSN still carries a significant number of programs from several Calvary Chapels, the networks and the church (now known by the name "The River Christian Fellowship") have all apparently severed their official ties with the Calvary Chapel.
Doctrine and practice.
Johann Wilhelm Trollmann (27 December 1907 - 9 February 1943) was a German Sinto boxer.
Irthlingborough , originally called Yrtlingaburg in the 8th century, it is called Erdiburn in the Domesday Book, later still, Artleknock. 
<doc id="385828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=385828" title="Socialist Workers Organization (New Zealand)">
Lavis's design for the final viaduct passageway, which would be raised on concrete piers across the Meadowlands, included two vertical-lift bridges above the Passaic and Hackensack rivers, sufficient for the majority of ships to pass underneath. He resigned in 1928, believing his task was complete, but in January 1929 the War Department objected to the continued existence of the Lincoln Highway bridges once the skyway was complete. Since the Route 1 Extension was not intended for local traffic, and replacing the vertical-lift bridges with tunnels would have been expensive, a compromise was worked out by late 1929 to raise the river bridges to while allowing the Lincoln Highway drawbridges to remain in place. The concrete jacketing of the steel was removed from the plans since it would make the taller fixed bridges heavier. This resulted in more maintenance.
Although the bird is uncommon on the coasts of North America, it occurs as a rare vagrant to northwest Europe, south and west Africa, Australia and Japan, with a single record from Eilat, Israel, in 2002 (Smith 2002).
The report was never formally published as a subcommittee report because of the 1995 change in control of the House from Democratic to Republican. Other accusations against Gallo were dropped, and while Montagnier's group is considered to be the first to isolate the virus, Gallo's has been recognized as first to prove that this virus was the cause of AIDS.
"List of coaches with multiple seasons in parentheses."
Although there is evidence of human settlement here as far back as the fifth century, Yongin was granted city status only in March 1996.
Mosby endured his first serious wound of the war on August 24, 1863, during a battle near Annandale, Virginia, when a bullet hit him through his thigh and side. He retired from the field with his troops and returned to action a month later.
"As if by means of rays of light, "
