<doc id="26771544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26771544" title="Onchidium tumidum">
The cost-effective terminals are offered in different configurations, depending on needs: Fixed TV or Radio terminals, SNG TV trucks/vans and Flyaway terminals for Fast News Gathering. All the services use shared satellite resources, which lowers the cost per usage, compared to traditional satellite networks. The billing is integrated & automated too
In 1994 excavations were organized and the foundation of the church was discovered. On the Feast of Nativity of the Most Holy Theotokos on September the 21st in 1996 priest Sergiy Kravtsov held a public prayer and works on restoration of the church of the Intercession of the Most Holy Theotokos started. In 2001 the church was consecrated and Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, Alexy II of Moscow, visited it the same year.
The specialized units under the SPSU deserve special attention. Their operation has been long criticized by the human rights organizations. Under the pressure from public the decision on state registration of the order regulating their operation in the past was cancelled, and the order in question was removed from the State registry of the normative/legal acts on 14.01.2008. Nevertheless, the penitentiary department has been using the said units without any legal justification till 03.07.2013, when finally the respective order #1325/5 was passed by the Ministry of Justice. Despite generally positive nature of the aforementioned act regulating the operation of the potentially dangerous unit, it still contains rudimentary norms, which led, among other things, to the cancellation of its registration. For example, the functions, performance of which falls under the competences of the CF staff still are regarded as the units ‘prerogative: searches of the residential and production zones, personal belongings of the inmates etc. (p.3.7); ensuring law and order, adherence to the procedure of serving the term in CF and PTIC and adjacent territory under the law and other normative and regulatory acts; (p.3.9). In fact, the world practice testifies that specialized units can and should be used only in the emergency situations of mass actions disrupting work in the facilities, group sedition on the part of the inmates, hostages taking and other emergency situations. Meanwhile, the current version justifies everyday use of these units “to maintain order” and intimidate the prisoners with the goal of establishing army discipline, which is unacceptable as far as normal relations between the staff and the inmates go, according to the CPT recommendations for Ukraine of 2012. This practice, however, persists.
<doc id="26774767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26774767" title="List of fish on stamps of Afars and Issas">
The Planet Positive Protocol is a carbon management standard developed by the company. It is a framework for organisations and individuals to achieve an environmental mark of accreditation by taking voluntary action on climate change.
On August 13, 2012, Back to the Bricks held a fundraiser for the Statue Fund called American Muscle Motorway at which the money was raised by plaza brick sales, the $15 event fee and donations. Which the event got from Attentive Industries $40,000, enough for the event goal, the cost of another statue.

In 1908, many of the Ottoman crown jewels were smuggled on behalf of Abdul Hamid II to Paris. Included in the collection were the Hooker Emerald and, supposedly, the Hope Diamond. The Sultan feared a potential coup by the Young Turks, and hoped that the proceeds from the sale of the gems would allow him to escape to a comfortable life in exile should a revolution come to pass. However, the money raised by the sale of the gems—to a dealer by the name of Salomon or Selim Habib—fell to the succeeding government following the Young Turk Revolution. In 1911, Habib auctioned the collection received from Abdul Hamid II to cover debt repayments.

The LDS Church at first reported that it made only $2,087 worth of nonmonetary contributions to Proposition 8. Californians Against Hate filed a formal complaint against the LDS Church with California Fair Political Practices Commission. A Church spokesperson claimed that the church had spent “zero dollars” on the campaign. But a few months later, the LDS Church changed this to make it $190,000 in nonmonetary. Californians Against Hate contends that the LDS Church spent millions more in nonmonetary contributions. California’s Election Commission continues to investigate the church.
Leucosyrinx clionella is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turridae, the turrids.
Position.
