Through utilizing the several concessions made by the military regime, exploiting ideological and public weaknesses of incumbent parties, and politicizing the Afghan invasion, the MMA was able to secure eleven percent of the popular vote and 58 seats in the National Assembly. Given the conditions of the election, which were limited and not free under the watchful eye of the military-government, the MMA’s ascension does not seem as surprising. However in the following years, leading up to the 2008 election, the MMA was exposed and held publicly accountable.
Kerry Stokes gained control of the Seven Network in 1995, and attempted to sell GWN to Seven in return for more shares. Seven Network shareholders agreed to the trade in April 1996 – a deal which would have seen Seven acquire GWN for 72.8 million. The arrangement was called off when the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) found that a 15-year exclusive programming deal GWN made with the Nine Network was anti competitive and opposed the acquisition. The Seven Network subsequently dropped their plans to purchase GWN.
The suburb was named after Rose Mairehau (Maire) Hutton (née Rhodes), daughter of Arthur Rhodes, who in turn was Mayor of Christchurch in 1901–1902 and a major local property owner.
The alcoholic beverage must be heated before lighting it on fire. This is because at room temperature, the liquid is still below the flash point, and there are not enough alcoholic vapors to ignite. By heating it, the vapor pressure increases, releasing enough vapors to catch fire from the match.
Maytas acquisition.
What WCET is used for.
Daylight saving time.
Among the best known of her works of fiction are:
Only one villager, Ngurumo, dares to challenge the fetish priest by suggesting that the villagers relocate to a fertile valley on the other side of the jungle. Mzee Matata rejects this idea, arguing that the villagers are suffering because they have displeased the gods. He regards Ngurumo as a threat, and attempts to have him killed during a hunting expedition. When this fails, Ngurumo realizes how dangerous it is for him to remain in the village, and together with his wife Seitu, he sneaks away at night and builds a new life for himself in the valley. 
Lincoln Charter School, East Lincoln Middle School and North Lincoln Middle School
Hypernucleus

Pascal provided the narration and sang a song in the double-length episode "Tale of the Mighty Knights" for the show "The Backyardigans". The song is called "I'm Not an Egg Anymore", and is the final song of the episode.
"If a race has no history, it has no worthwhile tradition, it becomes a negligible factor in the thought of the world, and it stands in danger of being exterminated. The American Indian left no continuous record. He did not appreciate the value of tradition; and where is he today? The Hebrew keenly appreciated the value of tradition, as is attested by the Bible itself. In spite of worldwide persecution, therefore, he is a great factor in our civilization."
Note: In addition to the above, several Munitions Support Squadrons (MUNSS) are geographically separated units (GSU) located throughout Europe assigned to the 52 FW at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany. MUNSS are located at four other sites:
Additional risks with new technologies.
The European Parliament launched its own investigation into the reports. In April 2006, MEPs leading the investigations expressed concerns that the CIA had conducted more than 1,000 secret flights over European territory since 2001, some to transfer terror suspects to countries that used torture. Investigators said that the same US agents and planes were involved over and over again. The Parliament adopted a resolution in July 2006 endorsing the Council of Europe's conclusions, mid way through its own investigation into the alleged program.
<doc id="1031411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1031411" title="Powered parachute">
WAM or Wam may refer to:
Upon sectorisation in 1982, three passenger sectors were created: InterCity, operating principal express services; London & South East (renamed Network SouthEast in 1986) operating commuter services in the London area; and Provincial (renamed Regional Railways in 1989) responsible for all other passenger services. In the metropolitan counties local services were managed by the Passenger Transport Executives.
Walford is also home to Walford General Hospital, Walford Primary School, Walford High School and Walford Town Football Club and Walford College. Diggory Passage is another road whose sign is seen in promotional videos for "".
The full translation of Lu Yuegang's Open Letter are in the following websites:
Collected editions.
He was born in Peoria, Illinois to a musical family. His father Frank Whiting was a real estate agent and gifted violinist and his mother Blossom was a piano teacher, together they instilled a love of music and worked towards nurturing his natural gift of piano playing. He attended the Harvard Military School in Los Angeles. Upon his graduation, Whiting started a vaudeville act with his college friend Marshall Neilan, together they briefly toured the U.S. writing songs, singing, and playing the piano. Unfortunately neither one had the stage presence or singing talent to become full-time performers. They broke up the duo and went their separate ways, Neilan to Hollywood where he would go on to be a very successful film director and actor, and Whiting to Detroit to try and jump-start a career as a professional songwriter. In 1913 Whiting began his career as a song plugger for Jerome H. Remick publishing company, within a year, he was the manager of the Detroit office, being paid US$25 per week. As an occasional talent scout, Whiting nurtured the careers of several songwriters from the day, including most notably, George Gershwin, Whiting, heard Gershwin playing one day and gave him a job as a song plugger for Remick company, this act of kindness resulted in a life-long friendship between the two powerhouse composers. To supplement his income, at the time, Whiting worked with a local hotel's Hawaiian band, playing piano in light blackface, earning him an extra $10 a week. In 1914 Whiting had his first two hit songs, "I Wonder Where My Lovin' Man Has Gone" and "It's Tulip Time in Holland" the latter song became a massive hit, selling over a million copies, Whiting however received none of the royalties, having sold off the publishing to Remick in exchange for a Steinway Grand. During his time at Remick Whiting had a substantial output, mostly with former bank-clerk, Ray Egan including the beloved classic, "Till We Meet Again" published in 1918. The song quickly became the largest sheet music seller of all-time, even today. At last count the song was said to have sold over 11 million copies. Other hit songs by Whiting, while he was working at Remick, include "Where the Black-Eyed Susans Grow", "The Japanese Sandman", "Bimini Bay" (Lyrics by Egan and Gus Kahn), "Ain't We Got Fun?" (Lyrics by Egan and Kahn]]) and "Ukulele Lady" (Lyrics by Kahn). 
Chamberlin used Neumann U 47 microphones to record the sounds. The sounds are characterized by a very clean output and heavy vibrato, which was customary of the music styles of the time. The Chamberlin sounds have little compression and possess dynamics true to the instruments recorded on the tapes (such as the air in the flute, or the flow in of the strings). The Chamberlin instruments were designed to accurately replicate the sound of the instrument recorded on the tape. They were also meant to be physically set in one place and not moved around. Because of this, there was less attention paid to making the instrument robust and many early Chamberlins have no internal chassis and are prone to go out of adjustment.


