The first known celebration of Malcolm X Day took place in Washington, D.C., in 1971.
<doc id="34504423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34504423" title="Friedrich Leibniz">
Action Pachio (アクションパチ夫) is a video game created by Coconuts Japan in 1993 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.

St. Joseph's Catholic Church Complex
Advertising.

National Association of GSA Networks
In the Czech Republic "telc - language tests" can be taken in Plzeň and Prague.
History.
9th Infantry Brigade (Greece)
International Cooperation.
George Charles of Hesse-Kassel
"Jacob Blessing the Sons of Joseph" shows a scene from the Old Testament book of Genesis, Chapter 48. In this scene, Joseph brings his two sons (Manasseh and Ephraim) to his dying father Jacob so that they can receive the family blessing. According to Jewish tradition, the eldest son is blessed with the patriarch’s right hand. However, Jacob deliberately crossed his arms and put his right hand on Ephraim’s (the younger son’s) head and his left hand on Manasseh’s (the oldest son’s) head. Joseph was displeased and thought that his father was making a mistake. When Joseph tried to correct his father, Jacob refused and told Joseph that he was purposefully blessing the younger son.
The British Grand Prix proved disappointing for Lotus, with Grosjean spinning off during qualifying and Räikkönen struggling with the wet conditions. In the race, Grosjean made contact with Paul di Resta on the first lap; di Resta retired, while Grosjean was forced to pit for a new front wing, shuffling him back down the order to twenty-third. He later recovered to finish sixth behind Räikkönen, both drivers having struggled to match the leaders for pace all race long. Both drivers struggled in qualifying for the German Grand Prix, with Räikkönen starting tenth after being caught out by heavy rain in the middle of the session, and Grosjean managing no better than fifteenth. Räikkönen, however, recovered in the race to finish fourth, inheriting a podium when Sebastian Vettel was given a twenty-second post-race penalty for passing Jenson Button off the circuit. Grosjean, meanwhile, finished eighteenth, a lap behind race winner Alonso. The team bounced back once again in Hungary, with Grosjean qualifying on the front row and finishing third after the team managed to find a strategy for Räikkönen that saw him steal second place away from his team-mate.
Personal.
On July 17, 2013, Hopsin released the music video for "Old Friend" on both his YouTube channel, and the single to iTunes. He later confirmed that the song is not the sixth in the "Ill Mind of Hopsin" series but rather the first single from "Knock Madness". On August 18, 2013, Hopsin confirmed in a Facebook status that the lead single from "Knock Madness", titled "Hop Is Back", would be released in a couple of weeks. However, the single's release, with its accompanying music video, was delayed until October 22, 2013. "Rip Your Heart Out", featuring Tech N9ne, was released as the album's third single on November 12, 2013. The same day, Hopsin and Tech N9ne filmed the music video for "Rip Your Heart Out". The music video for "I Need Help" was released on April 6, 2014.
