<doc id="27593080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27593080" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1287">
Definition.
Following the split of the Diocese of Monterey from the Diocese of Fresno, Clinch was named Bishop of Monterey by Pope Paul VI on October 16, 1967. During his 14-year tenure, he implemented the reforms of the Second Vatican Council, ordained 22 priests, and established five new parishes. In May 1969, he succeeded Cardinal John Wright as episcopal adviser to the National Catholic Laymen's Retreat Conference.
Orion Consort
State Politics.
There were a series of anti-Habsburg (i.e. anti-Austrian) and anti-Catholic (requiring equal rights and freedom for all Christian religions) uprisings between 1604 and 1711, which – with the exception of the last one – took place in Royal Hungary. The uprisings were usually organized from Transylvania. The last one was an uprising led by 'II. Rákóczi Ferenc', who after the dethronement of the Habsburgs in 1707 at the Diet of Ónód took power as the "Ruling Prince" of Hungary. 
Doctor Dillamond is a talking Goat and professor at Crage Hall in Shiz. Assisted by Elphaba, Dr. Dillamond conducts research on the genetic differences between animals and Animals (sentient animals). Not long before he comes to a pivotal point in research, Dillamond is discovered dead in his laboratory, his throat slit. The official findings of the ensuing "investigation", spearheaded by Madame Morrible, conclude that the Doctor's untimely demise is the result of an unfortunate lab accident; but these findings are contradicted by Galinda’s chaperone, Ama Clutch, who claims to have witnessed the event. Ama Clutch, though curiously not in her right mind since the "accident", asserts that Morrible's clockwork servant Grommetik murdered Dillamond, presumably to keep Dillamond from publishing the results of his breakthrough research.
The range is a north-south range, with three notable peaks. In the south, Swisshelm Mountain is the highest at . In the north, an unnamed peak is 5225 ft, and is adjacent to "Whitewater Draw" of the lower stretch of Rucker Creek. A second unnamed peak is in the northeast, at 5847 ft and also adjacent to Rucker Creek.
Prikrnica is a small village north of Dole pri Krašcah in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia. Traditionally the area was part of Upper Carniola. It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Central Slovenia statistical region.

Out:
