After a thee-issue installment trial run as an insert feature in "Penthouse Magazine", "Penthouse Comix" was expanded into a stand-alone magazine. The first issue, a 96-page, color, glossy magazine, appeared in spring 1994. It featured work by Adam Hughes, Garry Leach, Kevin Nowlan, Mike Harris, Arthur Suydam, Jordan Raskin, Horacio Altuna, and Milo Manara. Subsequent issues contained work by comic book artists such as Richard Corben, Tony Salmons, Bart Sears and Gray Morrow. Early issues eschewed hardcore sex in favor of soft-core nudity and satiric humor.

Southdean is a hamlet in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, on the A6088, by the Rule Water and in the Wauchope Forest area. Other settlements nearby include Abbotrule, Bedrule, Bonchester Bridge, Denholm, Hallrule, Hobkirk and the Swinnie Forest.
Navata

References.
Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Dąbrowa Biskupia, which lies approximately east of Inowrocław and south of Toruń.

Gmina Czernikowo contains the villages and settlements of Czernikówko, Czernikowo, Jackowo, Kiełpiny, Kijaszkowo, Liciszewy, Makowiska, Mazowsze, Mazowsze-Parcele, Osówka, Pokrzywno, Skwirynowo, Steklin, Steklinek, Witowąż, Wygoda and Zimny Zdrój.
<doc id="14921091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14921091" title="Gmina Chodecz">
Cancún - Isla Mujeres
This decade also saw the most significant change to Title V since its creation - the conversion of Title V to a block grant program as part of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981 (OBRA '81). This conversion consolidated seven former Title V categorical child health programs into a single program of formula grants to States supported by a Federal special projects authority (U.S. Maternal and Child Health Bureau, 2012). The 1981 legislation gave States more leeway in determining how to use federal funds (U.S. Maternal and Child Health Bureau, 2001), allowing them to self-direct money to identified, state-specific maternal and child health needs.

"2010 Istanbul", her third album, was released in six languages—Turkish, English, Japanese, Italian, Russian, and German. Since its release, she has gathered a lot of interest in the business communities in these countries. After the single, "2010 Istanbul", was released in October 2010, Eylem has worked on her third studio album which was released on 27 June 2011.

On returning to Santiago, he enrolled to study Fine Arts at the University of Chile, where he stood out as one of the most promising students, and for his activity as a student leader, as he became president of the student centre.
Garhi Khuda Bakhsh
In 1912 he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 400 metres competition. In the 800 metres event as well as in the 1500 metres competition he was eliminated in the first round.
Neighbouring gminas.

He later coached IFK Norrköping.
Gmina Urszulin is bordered by the gminas of Cyców, Hańsk, Ludwin, Sosnowica, Stary Brus and Wierzbica.
