
The PATCO Speedline offers frequent train service to Philadelphia and the suburbs to the east in Camden County, with stations at City Hall, Broadway (Walter Rand Transportation Center) and Ferry Avenue. The line operates 24 hours a day.
UW Colleges is an institution of the University of Wisconsin System that grants associate degrees at 13 two-year campuses located throughout the state. Many of the credits earned at the UW Colleges can be transferred to other colleges and universities. The UW Colleges also grant associate degrees through an online program. The UW–Extension operates extension courses statewide through offices in each of Wisconsin's 72 counties.
While living in Knoxville, the brothers continued their musical development and first caught the attention of family friend Chet Atkins, who had recently been appointed manager of RCA Victor's recording studio in Nashville. As the brothers transitioned out of the family act and into a duo, they moved to Nashville and Atkins became an early champion of the Everly Brothers. Despite his affiliation with RCA Records, it was Atkins who arranged a chance for the Everly Brothers to record for Columbia Records in early 1956. However, their first and only single for Columbia, "Keep A' Lovin' Me," which Don wrote, was a flop, and they were quickly dropped from the label.
The first troop in Monroe was formed in 1921 and the first in Dade county in 1923. The council was chartered in 1929 and its founder is Judge Edith Atkinson.
Chief Seattle Council.
Theories of the phrase's origin include Pliny the Elder's "Naturalis Historia", regarding the discovery of a recipe for an antidote to a poison. In the antidote, one of the ingredients was a grain of salt. Threats involving the poison were thus to be taken "with a grain of salt", and therefore less seriously.
and
United States.
<doc id="103230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=103230" title="Chillagoe-Mungana Caves National Park">
Though very small, and surrounded by development, roads and a highway, the park is rich with wildlife. In spring it teams with birds, most noticeable being the many species of Honeyeaters. Australian Fairy Wrens such as the beautiful blue Variegated Wren and the brilliant red and black Red-backed Wren both occur here. In a very large old gum tree Wedge-tailed eagles have made a nest, and the adults are often seen soaring over the park. Calls from White Throated Gerygones, Spangled Drongos and Rainbow Bee-Eaters make a pleasant background sound in the park.
