Recognition and Awards.
1998 World Weightlifting Championships – Women's 69 kg
He captained York in the 1928–29 season, which was to be their last in the Midland League before being elected to the Football League. He left after making 55 appearances and scoring five goals to join Dartford in June 1929. He joined Kettering Town in September, before returning to Scottish football in May 1931.
Department of Public Health,

With respect to conservation of flora and fauna, the protected areas are identified in the country's 15 administrative regions, plus the Metropolitan area and the M. de Santiago, which are listed in alphabetical order (each region's serial number—based on information sourced to Corporación Nacional Forestal (CONAF)— appears in parentheses):
Städtische Galerie im Lenbachhaus, Munich, Germany
Medal.
Refuge goals are to support recovery and perpetuation of endangered species, especially Hawaiian waterbirds. 
Methodology.
Although there are no new songs for the collection, "Aníron", which Enya composed and performed for "The Lord of the Rings", is released on this album in a previously unreleased version. The track listing of songs on the CD differs for the CD-only edition and the CD/DVD edition.
He was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford gradusting BCL in 1761.
0 " before the number of matches |
Louis César, born at the château du Génitoy, was the second son born to Louis XIV and Madame de Montespan. Named after Julius Caesar, his older brother Louis "Auguste" de Bourbon was named after Augustus and the later born Louis "Alexandre" de Bourbon was named after Alexander the Great.
<doc id="24318849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24318849" title="Charles Augustus Howell">

The Imperial Choral Capella was founded and modeled after the royal courts of other European capitals.
This theory received a lot of criticism due to the high complexity of the calculations and was therefore considered inadequate and soon abandoned.
Geoff Lawton's Zaytuna Farm next to The Channon in northern NSW, Australia, is a 66-acre medium-farm scale example of permaculture implementation. It is the home base for the Permaculture Research Institute. Begun in 2001, the site is off-grid, and has multiple food forest systems, animal systems, kitchen garden and main crop areas, a large network of water-harvesting earthworks for passive hydration of the site, composting toilets, rocket stove powered showers, straw bale natural buildings, etc.

