
Billich's painting subjects include Ballet and sport, architecture and town planning, eroticism and classicism, portraiture and stage. Humanitarian pieces and works of religious significance are also within the focus of the Artist.
While en route, the destination of the ship was changed to Portland, Oregon, and she made port there on 28 November. Remaining at Portland until 17 December, the ship shifted to San Francisco and then conducted one round-trip voyage to Pearl Harbor and back before departing the West Coast on 14 February 1946 for the East Coast. Transiting the Panama Canal on the 24th, "Valencia" arrived at New York City on 3 March, via Little Creek, Virginia, before proceeding back to the Hampton Roads vicinity and arriving at the Norfolk Navy Yard on the 7th.
Theatre in Pittsburgh
Mechanism of action.
Colin joins the army and learns he will be stationed in India, where he plans to meet Harry. However, as soon as Colin arrives in India, his perceptions quickly change, and one day, when Harry encounters Colin on the cricket pitch in Mayapore, Colin fails to recognize his old friend. Harry, devastated, spends the night drinking hooch with some acquaintances until comatose. In the morning, when he is accosted by Ronald Merrick, Harry is in a foul mood.
The story covers in personal terms the humbling and hasty decamping of the British: the precipitous concession of power to a country fiercely bent on division; the travails of an honorable Muslim Congressman, Mohammed Ali Kasim, and his sons, one of whom had deserted to the Japan-directed Indian National Army; the quandary of the Nawab of the small fictitious princely state of Mirat, left in the lurch by the lapse of British Paramountcy; the suicide of a dysentery-debilitated and maladapted British officer; the prowling of the haunted Ronald Merrick. The new man on the scene is Sergeant Guy Perron, once a pupil of a public school called Chillingborough which Hari Kumar (as Harry Coomer) also attended when he lived in England. It was Guy who returned in 1947/8 to be an observer of India on the eve of Independence; this assignment soon turns into a personal inquiry into the truth behind the hushed-up story of Lieutenant-Colonel Ronald Merrick's death in Mirat. The tragic consequences of India-Pakistan partition are dramatized in a horrific train massacre in which Ahmed Kasim, the son of Mohammed Ali Kasim, is targeted by rioters and chooses to sacrifice himself in order to protect the rest of the people in his carriage.
Jules Ferrette
Discography.
