Disturbing tha Peace was founded in 2000 by Christopher "Ludacris" Bridges, manager Chaka Zulu, and Zulu's brother Jeff Dixon. The record label started as an independent label and was created to serve as an outlet for musicians hailing from the “Dirty South” especially for Ludacris who at the time failed to get a major label record deal. Incorporating all aspects of A&R Guidance, Marketing/Publicity, Promotions, Creative Sponsorship Opportunities, Touring and Performance set-up, and Long-term Artist Development.
<doc id="1492211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1492211" title="Nippombashi Station">
When questioned about his teammate, fellow Springbok prop CJ van der Linde said "Os is a legend in South African rugby. Even little children know who he is. His name will be mentioned for many years still," Van der Linde said. We do not realise what impact he makes. One day, when he is old, we will know what great work he did for South Africa and what a leader he was."
The municipalities are:
Archeological finds including many historical monuments and kurgans in the region speak of early human inhabitation. Balakan was a part of Caucasian Albania. The Èrs also inhabitaed this region along with the rest of North-West Azerbaijan. A Greek writer of the time who authored books on the battle between the Roman troops and Caucasian Albanians on the bank of Alazani (Qanıx) river in 65 AD., described the locals as calm, prideful and full of courage. Etymology of names such as "Getovlar" (similar to Hettax), Hunbulanchay (similar to Huns), Ingiloy (similar to Gellah) and others confirm habitation of the region by early nomadic Turkic tribes.

The first townships that were proclaimed in Ellisras were: Ellisras (Proper) - 7 December 1960 Ellisras Extension 1–5 May 1965 Ellisras Extension 2–3 November 1971
64 Kalas.
Castle.
A linchpin, also spelled linch pin, lynchpin, or lynch pin, is a fastener used to prevent a wheel or other part from sliding off the axle upon which it is riding. The word is first attested in the late 14th century and derives from Middle English elements meaning "axletree pin".
The British Red Cross also provides this service to those separated by the Second World War.
Hobsbaum's most direct impact on literature was as the animating force behind "The Group", a sequence of writing workshops in Cambridge, London, Belfast and Glasgow, in turn. Although there was some slight overlap in personnel with "The Movement", the various incarnations of the Group had a more concrete existence and a more practical focus.
Retirement from flying.
