Pastors who served the Grand Chenier Catholic Community BEFORE the establishment of an independent parish:
During the German occupation the village of Koriukivka was a center of Soviet partisan warfare in Chernihiv Oblast. On the night of 27 February 1943 the partisans of Oleksiy Fedorov, having learned that the children of the commanders of a Soviet partisan unit were jailed in the Koriukivka prison, attacked the local Axis garrison, which consisted mostly of Hungarians. During that raid 78 Axis soldiers were killed and eight captured. Several persons were released from the prison and some buildings were blown up. The partisans had warned the residents of Koriukivka about possible German retribution, but the next day after partisan raid the way out was blocked. Nonetheless at least one woman with three children managed to escape from Koriukivka on that day.
SBAND enforces the rule that North Dakota lawyers must complete 45 credits of Continuing Legal Education every 3 years. 
2010 pairings
From Cuero, Texas, Mayne was a standout athlete starting in junior high school. He excelled in track and field, but was also a football star in high school. Mayne continued to play football at the University of Texas at Austin; his Texas team won the Southwest Conference in 1942 and was selected to play in the Cotton Bowl the following year, Texas's first-ever bowl appearance. During his senior year, Mayne was called up for service in World War II.
Ptelina carnuta
With 2008 came the release of his second feature, the horror film "Train", starring Thora Birch.

<doc id="37091669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37091669" title="John H. James (sailor)">
Mark Wayne Glasmire is an American country music singer and songwriter. Glasmire worked as a construction worker while trying to break into the country music scene, self-producing a number of CDs and EPs throughout the 1980s and '90s. In 2009 Glasmire released "Life Goes On", a 12-song CD co-produced by John Albani, who had also worked with Steve Azar, Monty Holmes and Randy Boudreaux, which led to Glasmire sharing stages with other country music acts such as Dierks Bentley and Guy Clark. In mid-2012, he released a seven-track EP, also co-produced by Albani, which included "I Like You", a single that had reached number one on the European charts and spent nine weeks at the number one slot on the International Country HotDisc Chart in July and August 2011. The video for "I Like You" was produced by Harold Jarboe (Bell-Jarboe Films) and shot in Nashville’s historic Hillsboro Village and features Vanderbilt University students as extras.
