SpaceX originally intended to launch its first launch vehicle, the Falcon 1, from a leased facility at Vandenberg Air Force Base. A launch pad (Space Launch Complex–Three West, or SLC-3W) was modified by SpaceX to support the Falcon 1, and the Falcon 1 was placed on the pad in 2005. Problems arose when SpaceX was unable to obtain sufficient launch window availability because the pad would overfly other Air Force pads that were frequently left occupied for weeks or months at a time, thus severely restricting SpaceX launches. 

DeLaMare converted to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1849. In 1851, while on a mission to France, DeLaMare accompanied apostle John Taylor to Arras. Arras was home to extensive beet sugar plants and DeLaMare was able to carefully study the industry and evaluate whether or not this business would work well in Utah. Taylor and DeLaMare, along with others, purchased beet sugar manufacturing supplies and imported it to America.
Neha Saxena

<doc id="40311080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40311080" title="Eucamptognathus madecassus">

Metius zischkai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae. It was described by Straneo in 1960.
Roger Enos
Jacob deGrom

The lyrics are largely biographical containing a number of details from Jesse James' life, portraying him as an American version of Robin Hood, though there is no evidence to indicate that he actually "stole from the rich and gave to the poor". The song is the starting point of the "Jesse James" panel of a mural on American folk songs by Thomas Hart Benton.
There are three basic plans with varying levels of coverage available for Washington residents: Bronze (60 percent), Silver (70 percent) and Gold (80 percent). Plans with a lower percentage have lower premiums, and higher costs to the individuals (out-of-pocket costs, deductibles and co-payments). A catastrophic plan is available and designed for younger individuals (under the age of 30) and these plans will have a high deductible and a lower premium.
Sun Zheng'ao
<doc id="40319279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40319279" title="Maarouf Saad">
"Stormur" has so far been used once in commercial media. The song was used in a commercial for the 2013 iTunes Festival, a month-long music festival which took place at The Roundhouse in London from September 2 to October 1, 2013. Sigur Rós themselves performed at the festival on September 3, 2013 as the second headline act of the festival, with the performance being streamed live worldwide, and available to replay for free on the iTunes Store.
Powdered Corn Cob Active
Each Hum Awards ceremony is listed chronologically below along with the winner of the Hum Award for Drama Directing and the drama associated with the award. In the column next to the winner of each award are the other nominees for best director.
Rako Raaxo
<doc id="40324471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40324471" title="IPT FMS-280 Clairvoyance">
Golde was the son of the MP, Adam Golde.
