Country music singer Reba McEntire covered the song on her 1996 album "Starting Over". Although not released to country radio, McEntire's rendition was her only dance hit, reaching #2 on Hot Dance Club Play.
Peter J. Tobin was born and raised in the Bronx borough of New York City by his two Irish immigrant parents. After graduating from St. Nicholas of Tolentine in the Bronx, his plan was to work during the day and attend school at night at Manhattan College. He was offered a full tuition scholarship from St. John's University through his local parish and decided to attend school there. He was unsure at the time about a field of study but a quick influence by one of his professors made him enroll as an accounting major in the College of Business Administration. Tobin graduated with a bachelors degree from St. John's University in 1965. In 1966, Tobin married Mary Gamble of the Bronx, who he met at a dance in Yonkers and felt instantly in love.
On this production, future directors Ronald Neame worked as a "clapper boy" operating the clapperboard and Michael Powell took still photographs.
A computer animated film, "Lin Wang", (a.k.a. "The Story of Grandpa Lin Wang") will tell the true story of the oldest elephant ever lived. It is currently in production at Wang Film Studios. Like most of Wang's recent productions, it is a combination of traditional animation and computer generated imagery, however computers will have the dominant role instead of drawings.

A Newman Society, on the lines of the one at Oxford University, was first set up at the New Zealand University in 1909.
.tg is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Togo. Since there are apparently no restrictions on who can register domains in this TLD, it is not much used outside Togo. 

Family.
White fir is popular as a Christmas tree and for Christmas decoration owing to its soft needles, generally excellent needle retention and abundance. It is often marketed as concolor or white fir.
The power plant is connected to the 330 kV and 750 kV electrical grid. The block has two electrical generators connected to the 750 kV grid by a single generator transformer. The generators are connected to their common transformer by two switches in series. Between them, the unit transformers are connected to supply power to the power plant's own systems; each generator can therefore be connected to the unit transformer to power the plant, or to the unit transformer and the generator transformer to also feed power to the grid.
"Accidntel Deth" was produced by Jimmy Tamborello, known for his work in The Postal Service and as Dntel (which explains the unusual spelling of the title).
Management.


Born in Canton, Ohio, Dierdorf played football at Glenwood High School in Canton (now GlenOak High School), then the University of Michigan before being drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 2nd round of the 1971 NFL Draft.
Lone Tree
Following the conquest of central Vietnam by the Viet and the decline and eventual fall of Champa, the Mỹ Sơn complex fell into disuse and was largely forgotten. It was rediscovered in 1898 by the Frenchman M. C. Paris. A year later, members of the scholarly society called École française d'Extrême-Orient (EFEO) began to study the inscriptions, architecture, and art of Mỹ Sơn. In 1904, they published their initial findings in the journal of the society called "Bulletin de l'École française d'Extrême Orient" (BEFEO). Henri Parmentier gave a description of the ruins at Mỹ Sơn, and M. L. Finot published the inscriptions that had been found there.
