<doc id="5920629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5920629" title="Saint Casimir's Day">
In some soils which display poor levels of nutrients, application rates of 10 tonnes per hectare are required. In Australia, namely the Riverland, Riverina, Langhorne Creek, Barossa and Mclaren Vale regions, rates are 3–5 tonnes per hectare. In a garden application, this might equate to 400 grams per square metre.

Waszkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poniec, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Poniec, south-west of Gostyń, and south of the regional capital Poznań. In 2006 it had a population of approximately 160. It was formerly in Leszno Voivodeship (1975–1998).
<doc id="5922408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5922408" title="Literature and Medicine">
The TCA Awards are presented annually by the Television Critics Association for outstanding achievements in television. "House" has been nominated seven times, twice for Outstanding Achievement in Drama. Laurie has been nominated four times, winning twice in 2005 and 2006.

On the northern side of the municipality is located "Het Kralingse Bos", a large park surrounding an artificial lake. Many inhabitants of the city use this park for relaxation and sport. On the eastern side the ultra modern company complex "Brainpark" can be found.

"Speak Now or Forever Hold Your Piece" is the third episode of the first season of the American comedy-drama television series "Psych". It was written by writer and co-executive producer Steve Franks, and was directed by assistant director Michael Zinberg. The episode originally aired on USA Network in the United States on July 21, 2006. The installment features guest appearances by Kirsten Nelson, Sage Brocklebank, Tom Butler, and Gina Holden among others.
Harry S Truman College is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and approved by the Illinois Community College Board and the Illinois Office of Education Department of Adult, Vocational, and Technical Education. Accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, Truman College is also approved by the Illinois Community College Board, the Illinois Board of Higher Education and the Illinois State Board of Education. Truman's Nursing Program is accredited by the State of Illinois, Department of Professional Regulation and the National League for Nursing Accrediting Commission. The Automotive Technology Program is accredited by the National Automotive Technicians' Education Foundation, Inc./Automotive Service Excellence (NATEF). The Cosmetology program is accredited by the State of Illinois, Department of Professional Regulation. The Social Science Child Development Program has received NAEYC Early Childhood Associate Degree Accreditation..
Seraphin died at Ascoli Piceno in the early afternoon of October 12, 1604. Even before the burial, his first biographer put pen to paper. He was canonized by Pope Clement XIII on 16 July 1767. Pope Clement canonized Seraphin, together with John Cantius, Joseph Calasanz, Joseph of Cupertino, Jerome Emiliani and Jane Frances de Chantal. In the papal bull of canonization, the illiterate and klutzy Capuchin was acclaimed as a person who "knew how to read and understand the great book of life which is our Savior, Jesus Christ. For that reason, he deserves to be listed among Christ's principal disciples."
