History.

Location.
Research.
"Bad Guy" was met with universal acclaim from music critics, with the most praise going towards the song's storytelling. Logan Smithson of PopMatters called it a phenomenal track saying, "The opening track, "Bad Guy", is one of the most awe-inspiring pieces of storytelling in hip-hop in quite some time. I’d love to go more in depth, but at the risk of ruining the surprise for those who haven’t yet heard it, I’ll just leave it at that." Julia Leconte of "Now" cited "Bad Guy", as one of the examples for Eminem being, "one of the best all-time storytellers in rap." Erika Ramirez of "Billboard" said, "Eminem introduces "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" by bringing his dark side to light and calling out his transgression through the voice of Stan’s vengeful brother, Matthew Mitchell. One of the best songs on the album for its shifting storytelling, Eminem comes face-to-face with his worst enemy by playing off the narration of "Stan". Andy Baber of Music OMH said, "The song is a lyrical masterpiece, cleverly channeling the criticisms thrown at Eminem over the years through the perspective of Stan’s brother."
2013–14 Mohammedan S.C. season
Agricultural issues dominated the election.
After the hotel burned, it was replaced by the Flood Building.

Alex Massie suggested in a blog for "The Spectator" that its release was "designed to shift the Overton Window", and that "its publication nudges the argument forward and makes the idea of independence seem more real, more routine, than it was yesterday".

Today the internally displaced Bedouins live in 39-46 unrecognized villages in the Negev and the Galilee, while the remaining internally displaced Palestinians live in some 80 towns and villages in the Galilee such as Ein Hawd. There is also the village of Ein Rafa near Jerusalem.
The ancient history of the village, not preserved, the first fortress village was founded in the 2nd century AD on the hill, in the old, historical part of the village. In the old village, surrounded by a high stone wall with two gates in the 12th-century madrasah was built, and even earlier, in the 10th-century mosque. On 9 August 2008, there was a solemn celebration of the 2000th anniversary of Lutkun.
