He died 1 October 1589, aged 50, and is commemorated by a memorial window in the church of St. Mary, Kintbury, Berkshire. He was survived by his brother, Thomas.
Yantang Town () is an urban town in Chaling County, Zhuzhou City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.

Aliabad, Kowsar
Orchestral: 1st Symphony – first performed by the BBC Orchestra on Radio 3. 25 mins.2nd Symphony – first performed by the BBC Orchestra on Radio 3. 27 mins.3rd Symphony – 25 mins. first performed by BBC Northern Symphony Orchestra. 25 mins.4th Symphony (Infantes Miseraie – In memoriam Lili Boulanger) – for orchestra and commentator Concerto Capriccioso – harp and small orchestra. 20 mins.Concertetto Concitato – performed by the Prague Sympnony Orchestra 12 mins.Concerto Scenes de Seine – guitar & small orchestra. 22 mins.Lion and Unicorn – overture for orchestra. Eight mins. – first performed by the BBC Orchestra on Radio 3.In a Nutshell – overture for orchestra. 8 mins. – first performed by the BBC Orchestra on Radio 3.Natso No Hikari Ni – translated from Japanese as In the Blinding Flash of Light That Summer – orchestra. 27 mins.Celebration for the Dead – a Buddhist Requiem -Premiered by Tokyo Symphony Orchestra, 37 mins. BDK International AwardThe Reluctant Masquerade- Seppuku and Lullaby, the Buddha Weeps, Satoikoís Song, Natzuko's Song -Prague Sympnony Orchestra 55 mins. Goal! – Commissioned by Brecksville Bees Marching Band, Ohio. First performed at Wembley, England v Argentina, 1980. 10 mins.Celebration – amateur orchestra and chorus, commissioned by Sir Walter St. John School, South London. 20 minsThe Father – amateur orchestra & chorus. first performed Canterbury Sinfonia. 20 mins.Royal Greenwich March – school brass band. Commissioned by Woolwich Polytechnic. 10 mins.
Flora of Lebanon
When Ben Henley, stepped down in 1962 as the state Republican chairman, Rockefeller publicly endorsed Spicer for the position. At the time Spicer faced opposition in the central committee from Henry M. Britt of Hot Springs, the party's 1960 gubernatorial nominee, an attorney, and later a judge of the 18th Judicial Circuit Court. Upon his election as chairman in a bid for party unity, Spicer named Britt as the Republican general counsel. Though in the 1950s, Spicer and Britt had supported Dwight D. Eisenhower, by 1963 they were early backers of Goldwater. Spicer called himself a "conservative Republican. I am opposed to socialism and these liberal pinkos in every form and fashion."
After spending two seasons at college Nonni went to Germany to play semi-professionally for SV Wilhelmshaven of the Regionalliga Nord. He made his debut for Wilhelmshaven on 19 February 2012 against RB Leipzig at the Red Bull Arena in which he started and played 46 minutes as Wilhelmshaven suffered an 8–2 defeat. 
<doc id="40407373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40407373" title="Sishamau (Assembly constituency)">
The Deluxe edition only available on iTunes includes 5 additional remixes. Remixers include Aaron Zilch (of American Head Charge), Shiv-r, Perileyes, and Encanti.
Tang was born in Lichuan, Hubei Province in 1975. Since childhood she developed an interest in singing and dancing. She is a graduate of Wuhan Conservatory of Music.

iZettle was the first company to develop a chip-card reader and app for smartphone-based mobile commerce which meets international security requirements.
Corvettes commissioned by the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War were named after communities for the most part, to better represent the people who took part in building them. This idea was put forth by Admiral Percy W. Nelles. Sponsors were commonly associated with the community for which the ship was named. Royal Navy corvettes were designed as open sea escorts, while Canadian corvettes were developed for coastal auxiliary roles which was exemplified by their minesweeping gear. Eventually the Canadian corvettes would be modified to allow them to perform better on the open seas.
Polycentrus schomburgkii
Mike Tyson vs. Danny Williams, billed as "Return for Revenge", was a professional boxing match contested on July 30, 2004.
