<doc id="33176093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33176093" title="Farm to Market Road 1088">

"Only Wanna Give It to You" is a song by American singer-songwriter and R&B recording artist Elle Varner, released on August 16, 2011 as a digital download. It serves as her debut single and the lead single from her debut studio album, "Perfectly Imperfect" (2012). The song features American rapper J. Cole and was produced by Oak & Pop. The Elle Varner song was released and her only single with J Records prior to RCA Records before closing down the label.
British Railways was modernising freight distribution, with the former bespoke creation of manually loaded wagons being replaced by larger, bogied bulk-freight wagons that were automatically loaded. This resulted in a need for both larger yards to handle the larger wagons, and fewer yards as high speed freight traffic ran between them to reduce speed of delivery for the customer. BSC was becoming BR's most important customer, with coal quickly traffic falling.
Alf Felton had his third World Title match when he challenged Jim Paddon. Felton had persuaded a group of Brisbane promoters to stage a world championship match as part of the Brisbane Centennial celebrations. The match was unusual in that it was held on the Brisbane River – the first such match on the river. The date was 12 August 1924 and the course was slightly shorter than normal at about three miles. Felton further caused controversy when he refused to row with Bill Beach as umpire. Paddon as Champion had the right to nominate most of the terms, but in order to secure the match agreed to Felton’s demands and another umpire was found. A very large crowd was on hand to witness the race but it was not much of a race. Felton had the reputation of a fast sprinter but he showed none of his old form when Paddon took the lead after only one hundred yards and the result was never in doubt. Paddon easily defeated Felton in a time of 17m.55s.
Ebrié language
Most Korean Cubans today speak the Spanish language. A Cuba-Korea culture center was built in 1921 that taught Korean writing and history in an attempt to remind the descendants of their heritage. But lack of funding shuttered the center and now it’s hard to find a descendant of the Korean immigrants who can speak the Korean language.
The building.
