North Shore Connector.
Publications.
On the field, the senior team had an up and down spell, during which time them won the Division 2 league on 3 occasions, and adding 4 Intermediate Reserve Championships during this time. 1993 also seen the Minor team lift the South Derry Minor Championship, beating Newbridge in the final. In 2002 Desertmartin lifted both the South Derry 'B' and All-Derry B Minor Championships. They have also lifted the South Derry 'B' championship in 2004 and the Derry League in 2007.
Grundfest is founder and director of Directors’ College at Stanford Law School, and principal investigator for Stanford Law School’s Securities Class Action Clearinghouse. He has served on the New York Stock Exchange’s Legal Advisory Board, on the NASDAQ Legal Advisory Committee, on a rules committee of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and has been elected to membership in the American Law Institute. Professor Grundfest has been selected as a National Fellow by the Hoover Institution, has been awarded a John M. Olin Faculty Fellowship, and is an Adjunct Scholar of the American Enterprise Institute. Professor Grundfest is admitted to practice in California and in the District of Columbia.

morning to 3 o’clock in the morning in selling liquor. In Quebec, strong liquors and spirits (generally over 15%-20% abv.) are restricted for sale only in SAQ outlets (provincially-owned liquor retailers) as well at bars and other establishments with the requisite permit. All other types of liquor, as well as beer, shooters and other alcohol-derivative beverages are permitted to be sold at gas stations as well as supermarkets.

Oka Station has a single side platform serving traffic in both directions. The station is unattended. 
In 1983 the Dinger brothers moved their studio from Düsseldorf to Zeeland, on the Dutch coast. Their parents, Heinz and Renate, kept a holiday home just outside the village of Kamperland, and the adjoining barn was converted into a studio. Dinger would keep a studio there for the rest of his life, first christening it "Langeweg Studios" after the road on which it sat, and then "Zeeland Studios", which it was most commonly known as from the 1990s onwards.
