In 1997, in preparation for the 150th anniversary of Chinese immigration to Peru, Calle Capón was cleared, closed to vehicles, and paved with over 30,000 red bricks bearing the names of donors and benefactors. Several panels were included depicting animals of the Chinese zodiac and, in the center of the new pedestrian mall, the ideogram for "Double Happiness".
In 1786, Ulrica Arfvidsson was consulted by King Gustav III of Sweden in disguise, who came to her in the company of Count Jacob De la Gardie posing as someone else. Arfvidsson presented several predictions about his past and his future, as well as that of his escort. At this occasion, she warned him about a man in a mask with a sword. This was remembered when in 1792, the King was assassinated at a masque ball by Jacob Johan Anckarström who shot the King from behind. She also warned the King: "Beware of the man with a sword you will meet this evening, for he aspires to take your life".
Gong Qiuxia
Miteside Halt is only accessible by a public footpath, not in any way suitable for wheelchair users. Therefore, the company have taken the decision not to allow wheelchair users to depart at this station. 
Their father, Munson Osborne, was a farmer’s son from Rye, New York. His ancestors were once prosperous landowners, but they became impoverished, having lost their fortune in the aftermath of the American Revolution. Osborne left his father’s home at the age of fifteen, accepting work wherever it could be found. After several failed business ventures, Osborne founded D. M. Osborne & Co. in 1856, and made a fortune manufacturing agricultural machinery. Osborne’s life revolved around his work. He was an exacting, but fair employer, and years after his death his former employees still spoke of him with admiration. One of Auburn’s most respected citizens, Osborne served three terms as mayor (1877–1880); a position later held by both his son and one of his grandsons.
All songs written by Daniel Johnston, except where noted
Bruce Alfred Johnston Sr (March 27, 1939 – August 8, 2002) was the leader of one of the most notorious gangs in the history of Pennsylvania, USA. The gang started in the 1960s and was rounded up in 1978 after his son, Bruce Jr, testified against him.
Steve Filipowicz,
Joe Taffoni,

Matches 1–22.
Track and field.
<doc id="10957978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10957978" title="Mike Sims-Walker">
Mixtec writing
Gmina Giżycko
He showed that appeared before him that, when properly attended, litigation as developed in the common law courts was one of the finest arts for conflict resolution available to man.
The seeded players are listed below. Dick Savitt is the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.
The phrase "swa wiccan tæcaþ" ("as the witches teach") seems to be an addition to Halitgar's original, added by an 11th-century Old English translator.
<doc id="10962509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10962509" title="Meran Tramway">
Duncan McLean (writer)
In 1928, the Japanese Proletarian Arts Federation (全日本無産者芸術連盟, Nippona Artista Proleta Federacio, known as NAPF) was founded, bringing together the Japan Proletarian Artists Union (日本プロレタリア芸術連盟), the Labor-Farmers Artists Union (労農芸術家連盟), and the Vanguard Artists Union (前衛芸術家同盟). NAPF was largely the responsibility of two up-and-coming writers called Takiji Kobayashi and Sunao Tokunaga, and the organization's newsletter "Battleflag" (戦旗) published many influential works such as Kobayashi's "The Crab Cannery Ship" (蟹工船) and "March 15, 1928" (一九二八年三月十五日) and Tokunaga's "A Street Without Sun" (太陽のない街). Another important magazine was "Reconstruction" (改造) which published writings from Ryunosuke Akutagawa and Yuriko Miyamoto, who had just returned from the Soviet Union.
Letter no. 1 of 5 from Yapahu-(of "Gazru"), also has the subject of: "The pot of a debt." It is a short, 21-line, undamaged letter, entitled: ""The sweet breath of the king"". See: Yapahu.
One church has been converted to a college chapel:
One service operates from the site, number 902. The site opens at 6am with the first bus leaving at 6:15am on weekdays and 7:30am on Saturday. The last bus leaves Bristol city centre at 8:48pm on weekdays and 7pm on Saturday. The site closes at 9:30pm. There is no service on Sundays and bank holidays. The 902 leaves the site every 15 minutes, excluding between 7am to 9am and 3:30pm to 6pm when the service increases to every 12 minutes.
