The SCR (skin conductance response) is highly sensitive to emotions in some people. Fear, anger, startled response, orienting response and sexual feelings are among the reactions which may produce similar skin conductance responses. These responses are utilized as part of the polygraph or lie detector.

In an issue of "Beckett Anime", a Beckett magazine publication, Zarbon was voted as one of the top five greatest henchmen of all anime, and was the only character from "Dragon Ball" on the list.
<doc id="1001921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1001921" title="Patrickswell">
Enright realized that a surface attack would be suicidal; the destroyers would blow "Archerfish" out of the water before he could get the sub into position. Even without the destroyers, Enright also knew the carrier was too massive for the sub's four-inch gun to have any effect. He ordered the carrier tracked from ahead in preparation for an attack from below. After six hours, the enemy carrier turned right back into "Archerfish"s path, and "Archerfish" got into an attack position. "Archerfish" fired six torpedoes. Enright deliberately set the torpedoes to run shallow () in hopes of capsizing the target by holing it higher up on its hull. He also wanted to increase the chances of a hit in case his torpedoes ran deeper than set. Even as "Archerfish" began to descend to avoid a depth charge attack, Enright and the crew saw the carrier was already listing to starboard. The crew also began picking up loud breaking-up noises from the target shortly after firing the last torpedo. The noises continued for 47 minutes. 
Background.
This claim has not been verified.
The Magic Queen Of Diamonds - April 1992
The last was a fuel consumption test, on 6 x 50 km closed circuit, on 5 August. It could bring up to 20 points. The best result was obtained by the German Johannes Nehring flying a Darmstadt D-18 biplane (18.5 pts), then the Swiss Hans Wirth (Klemm L.25), three German Junkers A50 and two Czech Avia BH-11s, with 15-17 pts. The German Klemms also were good at this trial, with 12-14.5 pts.

Debating chamber.
Legacy.
In Marvel Comics, genetic mutation has been used as an explanation for super-powers since the 1950s. Mutants have played a major role in Marvel comics, particularly the X-Men and related series. In the Marvel Comics universe, they are a heavily-persecuted minority. The Marvel Universe redefines the term to beings who are in a higher stage of evolution known as "Homo superior" and are not yet accepted by the human race.
Following their victory the Ottomans captured the Safavid capital city of Tabriz, which they first pillaged and then evacuated. The Ottoman Empire successfully secured permanent control over the far eastern part of Anatolia and also over northern Iraq, and temporary control over northwestern Iran. The Shia defeat at Chaldiran brought an end to the Shia uprisings in Ottoman Empire. After two of his wives were captured by Selim Ismail was heartbroken and resorted to drinking alcohol. Ismail did not participate in government affairs, as his aura of invincibility was shattered.
Ruiz agreed to join Aris FC on July 12, 2010. He made his debut in Europe on 18 August 2010 in the playoff round of the Europa League against Austria Wien, becoming the first Guatemalan footballer ever to appear in a UEFA competition match. The first leg was played in Thessaloniki with Ruiz netting on his debut to give Aris a 1–0 victory. In the second leg, played in Vienna, Ruiz scored again in a 1–1 draw, giving Aris a 2–1 aggregate victory and sending them through to the group stage, where he scored one more goal against Rosenborg.
The Staff of Solomon.
Seventy compositions are now listed in his catalogue, including:
by T. K. Vintsyuk in 1968 for speech processing
Note: The International Olympic Committee medal database shows also only these players as medalists. They all played at least one match during the tournament. The reserve players are not listed as medalists.
From January 8 until August 24, 2008, she played the role of Madame Morrible in the Los Angeles production of "Wicked".
European and French intelligence reports.
!align="right"|100.00%
Cameroon qualified for its first FIFA World Cup in 1982. With the increase of 16 to 24 teams Cameroon qualified along with Algeria to represent Africa in Spain. Cameroon was drawn into group 1 with Italy- future winners, Poland, and Peru. In their first game Cameroon faced Peru and drew 0–0. They then had a second goalless draw with Poland before a surprise 1–1 draw with Italy. Despite being unbeaten they failed to qualify for the second round.
<doc id="1005975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1005975" title="Judo at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Notre Dame is a census-designated place north of South Bend in St. Joseph County, Indiana, United States; it includes the campuses of three colleges: the University of Notre Dame, Saint Mary's College, and Holy Cross College. Notre Dame is split between Clay and Portage Townships. As of the 2010 census, its population was 5,973.
In Warhammer 40k Imperium (Warhammer 40,000) uses servitors, vat-grown humans with cybernetic parts replacing most parts of the body.They lack emotions or intelligence and are only capable of simple tasks.
Given that we know today that the North Pole was covered with thick ice for much of the period, the idea of the Open Polar Sea seems patently ridiculous. However, in the 16th-19th centuries, the theory was popular, its proponents made many arguments to justify it, including:
Three of Wellman's most famous reappearing protagonists are Silver John, aka John the Balladeer, the wandering backwoods minstrel with a silver-stringed guitar; the elderly 'occult detective' Judge Pursuivant; and John Thunstone, also an occult investigator.
