
Editors generated with GEF consist of the following components:
Lionel Belmore (12 May 1867, Wimbledon, Surrey, England - 30 January 1953, Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California) was an English character actor and director on stage for more than a quarter of a century.
Peter Brierley,
<doc id="6852895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6852895" title="Wisconsin Northern Railroad">
The first record of Pioneers in a British army goes back to 1346 where the pay and muster rolls of the English Garrison at Calais show records of the Pioneers' pay. About 1750, it was proposed that a Corps of Pioneers be formed, although nothing was done on this for nearly two hundred years. The Army Works Corps was established during the Crimean War in 1854. The Labour Corps was formed in 1917 during World War I and employed 325,000 British troops, 98,000 Chinese, 10,000 Africans and at least 300,000 other labourers.
Fort Reno Park
Enchanter.
Central Africa Time
The Triveni Sangam is believed to be the same place where drops of Nectar fell from the pitcher, from the hands of the Gods. So it is believed that a bath in the Sangam will wash away all one's sins and will clear the way to heaven. Devout Hindus from all over India come to this sacred pilgrimage point to offer prayers and take a dip in the holy waters. The sacred Kumbh Mela is held every 12 years on the banks of Ganga, Yamuna and Sarsvati at Sangam. According to Hindu tradition, the Prakrista Yajna was performed here by Lord Brahma. That is why Allahabad was known as "Prayag" in ancient times. Allahabad (Prayag) is also called "Tirtha-Raja" (Prayag Raj), king of all holy places. It is said that Lord Rama visited Prayag Raj/Allahabad when he was in exile.
Alcorn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Rata Dhoondha, Rawaliyawas, Rawatkhera, Rewat,
Biography.
Triphenylphosphine oxide can be difficult to remove from reaction mixtures by means of chromatography. It is poorly soluble in hexane and cold diethyl ether. Trituration or chromatography of crude products with these solvents often leads to a good separation of triphenylphosphine oxide.

In contemporary popular music.
Ding () is the simplest written Chinese family name in existence (the only two characters that are simpler are "一" and "乙"). It is written in two strokes and is first on the Chinese surname stroke order.
The Finnish general computing magazine "MikroBITTI" awarded the game 91%. Its review praised the game's playability and mentioned voice acting as the only clearly negative feature.
<doc id="6861039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6861039" title="John Minardi">
Carpets by regions.
Takehiko was born in 1874 in Mori Town, Kusu District (currently Kusu Town) in Ōita Prefecture. He was a direct descendent of , and the grandson of the last head of the Mori Domain, .

History.
<doc id="6863674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6863674" title="Ulianovka">

The "Rheckless" Rho Nu Chapter of the historically black organization, Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity was established on September 26, 1989. The chapter encompasses men from MIT, Harvard University, and Tufts University. The chapter website is http://web.mit.edu/rhonu/www/pnhtml/.
In 2008, Centocor, Inc. and Ortho Biotech Inc. merged to form Centocor Ortho Biotech Inc.
Fetternear Palace
Confucianism.
While the distinction between published features and news is often clear, when approached conceptually there are few hard boundaries between the two. It is quite possible to write a feature in the style of a news story, for instance. Nevertheless, features do tend to take a more narrative approach, perhaps using opening paragraphs as scene-setting narrative hooks instead of the delivery of the most important facts.
The queen Sténobée (soprano), spurned by Bellérophon (tenor) who loves the princess Philonoé (soprano), has the magician Amisodar (bass) turn the garden into a barren desert and summon a chimera which terrorizes the country of Lycia. Apollo (tenor) appears and all is solved.
On returning to Kabul, Lawrence became political assistant to Sir William Hay Macnaghten, the envoy of Afghanistan, and subsequently his military secretary, a post which he kept from September 1839 to the death of his chief. On the surrender of Dost Mahomed Khan, 3 November 1840, he was placed in the charge of Lawrence until he was sent to Calcutta. In the revolution at Cabul, in November 1841, Lawrence had many narrow escapes of his life, and on the surrender of the troops he was one of the four officers delivered up on 11 December 1841 as hostages for the performance of the stipulations. On 23 December, when Macnaghten and others were treacherously murdered by Akbar Khan, he was saved by the interposition of Mahomed Shah Khan.
James Quinn (footballer)

Latterly in 1993, Sinclair moved on to his "RSVP" album project and the band broke up. Ward and Biddulph went on to join the Camel and Caravan spin-off Mirage.
Solar Cup begins with sign up in December, and includes a boat-building event and several workshops focusing on technical aspects such as drive trains, electrical systems, solar power collection and steering systems. Teams are also required to meet deadlines for submitting illustrated reports on these systems. In 2007 the competition was split between "veteran" (returning) and "rookie" (new) teams. The competition is a scored event, divided up into several categories: Technical Reports, Workshops, Visual Displays, Qualifying Times, Endurance Distance, and Sprint Times. Combined, all of these categories add up for a 1000 maximum possible points. Overall, 41 teams competed in 2007, and 36 teams competed in 2010.
Later she taught at Alameda School in Downey and the Eighth Street School in Los Angeles and by 1903 was teaching at Los Angeles High School.
The Cecil B. Day Graduate and Professional Campus of Mercer University, the Cecil B. Day School of Hospitality Administration at Georgia State University, the Cecil B. Day Butterfly Center, and the Day Chapel at Atlanta's Perimeter Church are named in his honor.

Palmarès.
Micro Mouse Goes Debugging is a computer game for the ZX Spectrum. It was released by MC Lothlorien in 1983.
New owners have renovated the theater and plan additional renovations following its scheduled October 15, 2010 reopening. These include an additional screen, a small-plate restaurant, and a bar inside the lobby. They have uncovered original wooden paneling in the lobby's rotunda.

Example.
<doc id="6874836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6874836" title="Bogatyr Ridge">
Southern High School is a high school located in Harwood, Maryland, U.S., in Anne Arundel County. The school is operated by Anne Arundel County Public Schools. Southern was recognized as a Blue Ribbon School in 2009.
History.
General Mathews and President Madison had conceived a plan to annex East Florida to the United States, but Congress became alarmed at the possibility of being drawn into war with Spain, and the effort fell apart when Secretary of State James Monroe was forced to relieve Matthews of his commission. Negotiations began for the withdrawal of U.S. troops early in 1813. On May 6, the army lowered the flag at Fernandina and crossed the St. Marys River to Georgia with the remaining troops. Spain took possession of the redoubt and regained control of the island. The Spanish completed construction of the new Fort San Carlos to guard the port side of Fernandina in 1816.
World War II.
David A. Hamburg (1998)
Early 20th century.
Hayburn's Case
The Butlers continued to record throughout the 70s but essentially retired to their ranch, “Crossover Acres”, near Franklin, Tennessee, in the early 80s. They made occasional guest appearances on the Opry until Pearl Butler died at the age of 60 on March 1, 1988. Carl made an unsuccessful attempt at a comeback after her death and died of a heart attack on September 4, 1992.
<doc id="6880622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6880622" title="Marcianopolis">
Fischenthal has a population (as of ) of . with 11.8% oreign nationals. The gender distribution of the population was 51.2% male and 48.8% female. 
<doc id="6881484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6881484" title="Bandhua Mukti Morcha">
In 2001, each Australian state nominated a native flower as a floral emblem to celebrate the centenary of the Federation of Australia. The St Helens Wax Flower was the Tasmanian Federation Flower.
03. "Make Me Happy" 
The enclosure has an area of , and lies at a height of 292 m (950 ft), with spectacular views in many directions. This includes the Somerset Levels to Glastonbury Tor and Brent Knoll which are the closest and probably the most easily identifiable landmarks from the site. The fort has a single rampart up to 6 m high, with an outer ditch (univallate). Entrances are to the south-east and north-east (with possible outworks).

Carver noticed that board members often wonder what the board's job is and where the line distinguishing the Boards job from that of the Chief Executive Officer lies. Carver's model clarifies the separation by having the board explicitly state the Boards and CEO's jobs in a set of written policies (hence the name 'Policy Governance').
The garage is actually located in a 3 places boundary, which are Park Royal, North Acton and Old Oak Common.
In 2004, Pangilinan appeared on "Home Along Da Airport" with co-star Dolphy, a show on ABS-CBN, GMA's rival network. After her appearance in the rival network, there were rumors that she would switch channels but she stated that she will not be leaving GMA. In 2005, she appeared on the TV show "Darna" as a mermaid named Corella, Darna's ally.
Building started on 9 October 1984. On the stretch between Brännkyrkagatan and Folkungagatan an earlier tunnel called Södergatan had been built in 1944 in a cut-and-cover trench. Between 1964–1966, it was extended 150 metres under Åso High School.
There was a quick trial and conviction of the publisher of a misdemeanor and $500 fine plus costs of prosecution. Landmark appealed to the Supreme Court of Virginia, which affirmed the conviction by 6–1. The court concluded that the "requirement of confidentiality in Commission proceedings" served three purposes:
Infections with "Pneumocystis pneumonia" are common in infants with Hyper IgM syndrome.
Stormont Mancroft (Samuel "later" Mancroft), 2nd Baron Mancroft, KBE (27 July 1914 – 14 September 1987), was a British Conservative politician. 
