The Cultural Revolution was a major disruption to many weapons development programs of the PLAN. Advanced weaponry concepts were always in the minds of PLAN thinkers since the 1950s, even if they were unable to be implemented at the time. Therefore, a lot of modern weapon systems such as SAMs, modernized torpedoes and missile/sensor systems were not introduced into service until the early 1980s. Furthermore, economic and technical sophistication to produce the fire control, targeting systems, and tracking capabilities were not in place until the mid-1980s.
Translations:
Goran Karan with "Kad zaspu anđeli" succeeded Dragović as Croatian representative at the 2000 Contest.

Santos hired attorney David Travis to defend him before the Kentucky Racing Commission. Experts were called in to examine the initial photograph and numerous others (showing the same scene but shot from different angles). At the conclusion of the investigation, Santos was cleared of all charges. The results of the investigation showed that in reality Santos did not have an object in his hand and it was the angle of the photograph that only made it appear otherwise. Other photographs and angles showed absolutely nothing in Santos’s hand and revealed that it would have been virtually impossible for him to be holding anything.
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Jazz and Nuggets.
The Christmas Eve tradition known as the Sheraton Hawaii Bowl returned to Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii on December 24 as the host school, the University of Hawaii Warriors, representing the WAC, returning after a one-year absence because of a losing record, defeated the Pac 10's Sun Devils from Arizona State University, 41–24. Warriors quarterback Colt Brennan set a new NCAA record for most touchdown passes in a single season, breaking David Klingler's standard set in 1989 at Houston with his 55th touchdown toss in the second quarter. He then added three more to bring his final total to 58. This was Dirk Koetter's final game as the head coach of ASU, as Dennis Erickson will take over, coming in from Idaho. On top of the $398,000 for each team to divide among fellow conference members, the Pac-10 also gave Arizona State an additional $300,000 in travel expenses as "a special case" exemption. The Warriors' win gave the non-BCS conferences a 3–1 lead in their rivalry.

On July 11, 2011, Gutfeld became a co-host/panelist on the Fox News political opinion discussion program "The Five". The program airs weekdays at 5 p.m. ET/2 PM PT.
Brown's playing time with the Lakers was initially limited. Towards the end of the season, Brown experienced an upswing of playtime. In the 5 final games of the season, Brown played for an average of 16.4 minutes. With those minutes, he averaged 7.2 points, 2.4 rebounds, and 1.6 assists.
The 1926 Stanley Cup Final saw the National Hockey League (NHL) champion Montreal Maroons, in their first Final series appearance, defeat the Western Hockey League (WHL) and defending Stanley Cup champion Victoria Cougars three games to one in the best-of-five game series. This was the last time a non-NHL team would contest for the Cup - the WHL folded following the 1926 Finals leaving the Cup to be contested solely by NHL clubs thereafter.

Spot On.
Belgrave Hall is a Queen Anne-style house built for Edmund and Ann Cradock in 1709 in the midst of of walled gardens in Belgrave, Leicester. It is a Grade II* listed building. Between 1767-1844 it was the home of the Vann family who in about 1776 built the nearby Belgrave House.
