formula_3 is the mass flow at surge, at same corrected speed as formula_2
<doc id="2876862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2876862" title="Mons Huygens">
Career.

The Hussey family, after 1066, settled in Dorset, but were also found in Berkshire, Wiltshire and Somerset. In medieval England the name of Hussey was generally spelt as 'Hose', evolving into Hoese, Huse, Husee, and thence to Hussey, and in Latin was first known as Hosatus. 
Its purpose should have been to stop the Ottoman military forces to advance further into Croatia. The Ottomans attacked it several times from 1662 to 1664, but did not manage to conquer it. Finally, at the beginning of June 1664 a large Ottoman army, numbering up to 100.000 men, led personally by the Grand Vizier Köprülü Fazıl Ahmed Pasha, besieged it and destroyed on 7 July 1664.
Records and naming.
The story as the Grimm's told it was first published in the original 1812 edition of their Children's and Household Tales, and subsequently featured in all later editions, with several additions in 1819. Also, Nippon Animation Company of Japan featured the story in one episode of season two of its anime TV series, "Grimm's Fairy Tale Classics".
Gopher is a fictional grey anthropomorphic gopher, character who first appeared in the 1966 Disney animated film "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", introducing himself as Samuel J. Gopher. He has a habit of whistling out his sibilant consonants, one of various traits he has in common with the beaver in "Lady and the Tramp", by whom he may have been inspired. Gopher was fleshed out a bit further in the television series "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh". He is portrayed as generally hard-working, especially in his tunnels (which he inevitably falls into at least once). He does not appear in the original books by A. A. Milne (a fact that is regularly pointed out in "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree", when he breaks the fourth wall by saying he's "not in the book, y'know", also trying to say that he would not be in a phone book). Gopher's voice was originally done by Howard Morris, who retired from the role and was replaced by Michael Gough.
1981
Markvartovice
The organization, named "Da Afğānistān Zaranduy Tolanah" (DAZT), was readmitted to the World Scout Conference on June 1, 1964, counting a membership of between 2,000 and 7,000 Scouts, both boys and girls and adult leaders. 
Head-to-Head NSWPL (from 1977 to present)
Malampuzha assembly constituency is part of Palghat (Lok Sabha constituency).
Financing.
<doc id="2881815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2881815" title="Calla">

Rugby ball
History.
Toponym.
Chicago XXX is the eighteenth studio album, and thirtieth album overall, by the American band Chicago, released on March 21, 2006. It was Chicago's first album of entirely new material since 1991's "Twenty 1".
To define quantitatively where technique fails or excels has very practical uses for coaches, in particular, and also for sports scientists aiming to analyse performance at different levels of development of athletes. 
Proti, Florina
Initiation into the world of syllabary usually begins with the writing of the mantra
William of Sherwood
Some chargers use "pulse technology" in which a series of voltage or current pulses is fed to the battery. The DC pulses have a strictly controlled rise time, pulse width, pulse repetition rate (frequency) and amplitude. This technology is said to work with any size, voltage, capacity or chemistry of batteries, including automotive and valve-regulated batteries.
