Jacksonville Jaguars.

Nutrition.
June Clark (born 23 June 1939) is an Australian Paralympic lawn bowls player. She was born in Kent, England. She won a silver medal at the 1996 Atlanta Games in the Women's Singles LB3-5 event.
Judith Young (born 16 January 1966) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer. She was born in Melbourne. Young, who has a birth defect in her arm, was one of the first people to receive an Australian Institute of Sport Athletes with a Disability residential scholarship, from 1993 to 1996. She was coached by Peter Freney with assistance from Jim Fowlie.

References.
A Beacon from Mars was Kaleidoscope's second album. It was published in February 1968 by Epic Records along with the single "I Found Out" b/w "Rampè Rampè". At the time it was released it received good reviews, but like Kaleidoscope's other albums, it was commercially unsuccessful.
<doc id="33251354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33251354" title="Verenigde Nederlandse Uitgeverijen">
Olivencia made his wrestling debut under the J-Man ring name on August 16, 2003 at the "Empire State Wrestling" show losing to Benjamin Smythe. On September 9, he lost to Cade Cassidy. On December 6, Jamin formed a team with R-Haz as "The New City Thugs" and defeated Damien Alexander and JP Hawke to win the ESW Tag Team Championship, Jamin's first championship. They defeated Alexander and Hawke on January 24, 2004 via disqualification to retain their championship. After defeating Grappler X and Purple Rain on February 15, they lost the championships to them on March 20. On May 20, he challenged Shade for the ESW Interstate Championship, but was unsuccessful in winning the championship. Jamin's first singles victory was on July 7 when he won a battle royal. After a year of teaming, J-Man and R-Haz fought in a street fight with J-Man winning the match. In the end of 2004, J-Man challenged Jonny Puma for the ESW Heavyweight Championship on November 6 and December 4 but was unsuccessful in winning the championship. His last match for the promotion was on September 16, 2005, defeating Cade Cassidy. In 2013, he made a return to Empire State Wrestling, defeating Johnny Gargano. He wrestled at the next show in a winning effort against Bill Collier. At Empire State Wrestling's next show, he had a World Heavyweight Title match against Chris Cooper, but was unsuccessful. 
The GWS promotes greater diversity in the parks professions through three programs: the George Melendez Wright Student Travel Scholarship aimed at minority students, and a Native Participant Travel Grant Program, aimed at Native people from North America, both of which are given to enable attendance at the GWS's conference; and Park Break, a week-long, in-park seminar where graduate students learn about research and resource management issues in the host park.
