The main temple is "Shri Kankeshwari Mataji" also known as "Shri Kankai Mataji". Mataji is principal goddess (કુળદૅવી) to many castes in India; Bhawsar (bahekar), Uneval Brahmins, Bhadreshwar-Vanza, Vaishya, Suthars (Panchasara in Gurjar Suthar) which includes Padiyar and some other castes.
"Osceola" departed Boston on 22 April 1864 towing the monitor and reached Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 3 May 1864. The next night, she got underway up Virginias James River in a joint United States Army-United States Navy expedition and helped clear a safe path through a Confederate minefield for sister ships and Army transports. The troops landed at Bermuda Hundred, Virginia, in an operation helping General Ulysses S. Grant to tighten his squeeze on the Confederate capital, Richmond, Virginia.
Lütjenholm (, North Frisian: "Läitjholem") is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Hyatt Regency Century Plaza
Those who visit this village mostly trek the forest surrounding the hills. There are some heritage of hillstation people who used to live on the hills. on top of the hill you find a spring of water which never dries and tastes very sweet. These water is useful for drinking on top of the hills. The view of the village and krishna river from top of the hill is wonderful. The forest is inhabited by many animals; sometimes tigers too are found.
<doc id="13422946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13422946" title="Seacoast defense in the United States">
Inter-county.
On 22 May 1964, she sailed for duty in the Far East, operating with the friendly navies, and during the summer was deployed for service along South Vietnam. "Inflict" returned to Long Beach on 7 December.
<doc id="13425818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13425818" title="Sandeshkhali I (community development block)">
Twelve families have been described of which the Lytoceratidae dominate. The Lytoceratidae also have the longest range, from the Lower Jurassic to the Cenomanian stage in the Upper Cretaceous. 
Ben Goertzel
