The Collector had five judicial amins employed in the city of Poona where from the extent of the population and the spirit of litigation which prevailed the demand for justice was particularly heavy. In June 1822 mamlatdars were empowered to decide causes to the amount of £10 (Rs. 100). The amins, besides deciding causes themselves, aided juries by recording and shaping their proceedings and generally in forming and superintending these courts of arbitration. The period within which suits for debt and personal property might be entertained was limited as in other Deccan districts to twenty-four years, and it extended agreeably to the custom of the country to seventy years for claims founded on the mortgage of vatans. No time was fixed after which appeals were not received, nor were appellants in general compelled to enter into bonds for the payment of a fine if their complaint proved frivolous, though this was done in some few instances when the complaint was suspected to be vexatious. Decrees were executed in the usual manner by distraint of property and personal restraint; if necessary, houses were sometimes sold, but the implements of trade were usually spared unless no other property was forthcoming. No definite rules were established in regard to the period of imprisonment for debt if the debtor failed to satisfy the demand upon him. Creditors requiring the confinement of debtors paid them subsistence money Report (1822), 70. After the appointment of a Registrar, the returns both civil and criminal were regularly furnished.
All songs written by Michael Wachelhofer/Steve Wachelhofer, except "Breathing for You" written by Markus Bousska/Michael Wachelhofer/Steve Wachelhofer, "Like a Stranger" written by Patricia Hillinger/Michael Wachelhofer/Steve Wachelhofer


<doc id="34762425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34762425" title="AETC Studies and Analysis">
Projects and Missions.
Richard Edgar is a national ITV and former BBC weatherman from Brighouse.
Professional career.
Eisenbahn-Unfalluntersuchungsstelle des Bundes
In Slovenia:
