Simon Moore (footballer)

The season's stories focus on five teenagers: Jason Lee Scott (St. John), Trini Kwan (Trang), Zack Taylor (Jones), Kimberly Hart (Johnson), and Billy Cranston (Yost), who are given the ability to morph into "Power Rangers" by Zordon (Fielding) in order to put a stop to Rita Repulsa's (Soga) evil schemes. Later during the season, Tommy Oliver (Frank) is introduced as a villain, but later becomes the sixth member and second-in-command of the team. Together they continue to foil Rita's plans along with her henchmen Goldar (Sakamoto), her second in command, Squatt and Baboo (Watanabe and Kusaka) the bumbling duo, and Finster (Iiboshi), the maker of most of their monsters. Meanwhile, Bulk and Skull (Schrier and Narvy) act as bullies, and comic relief, at Angel Grove High, where the Rangers attend high school.
A violent hold-up – heard, but not shown on screen – takes place, during which the office supervisor is shot dead and Andersson suffers a head injury which knocks him out and leaves him concussed. Berger meanwhile, entering the office after hearing the commotion and thinking of his family, resists the urge to risk his life by trying to fight back against the raiders, and emerges uninjured from the incident. In the aftermath, he is treated with barely disguised contempt by the police, his employers and the local community in general, who make it clear that they consider his failure to fight back a mark of spineless cowardice. He does not receive the promotion to office supervisor which he was previously in line for on the retirement of his boss; instead the job is given to Andersson, who is now being cast in a heroic light. As he becomes increasingly depressed by his ostracism, his relationship with Helen suffers and he feels unable to confide in her. He comes to see himself as the coward everybody is accusing him of being, and even Helen begins to wonder whether he could have acted differently.
At some point the ship received 22 Hotchkiss 5-barrel revolving guns. They fired a shell weighing about at a muzzle velocity of about to a range of about . They had a rate of fire of about 30 rounds per minute. The hull was not recessed to enable any of the guns on the battery deck to fire forward or aft. However, the guns mounted in the barbettes sponsoned out over the sides of the hull did have some ability to fire fore and aft. In 1884 two above-water torpedo tubes were added. Two more were added in 1891.
