Hartz was badly burned and injured in a crash in 1927 at the Rockingham Speedway in Salem, New Hampshire, requiring him to spend the next two years in hospitals. The stock market crash of 1929 also inflicted heavy financial loses for him. He retired from racing to become a team owner and chief mechanic. Hartz bought a used 1927 Miller 91 front-drive race car, and built the car for the junk-formula by widening the chassis and installing a bored-out Miller 122 (151 cu in). Together with Billy Arnold as driver, the combination was successful, and they won the 1930 Indy 500 race and also took the national championship for the year.

<doc id="8007670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8007670" title="Auchenharvie Castle">
Outages caused by system failures can have a serious impact on the users of computer/network systems, in particular those industries that rely on a nearly 24-hour service:
Kaspars Petrovs

The Dove (Elem. School Paper)<br>
Currigan is the grandson of Martin D. Currigan. He graduated from Notre Dame University in 1941. He attained rank of Captain in the United States Air Force during WWII. He worked for Remington Rand Company. His first political job was Chief of Police in Denver.
Several of the larger Chinese shops were targeted for looting and burning. Other shops, including one owned by ethnic Indians, were burned as well, but it is not clear if they were intentionally set on fire or caught fire from surrounding buildings.
The Cowboys lost left tackle Flozell Adams for the remainder of the season when he tore an ACL in his knee. With an immobile quarterback like Drew Bledsoe, this would be devastating for the Dallas Cowboys later in the Season because Bledsoe would be sacked 36 more times (after being sacked "only" 13 times during the first six games), and he would throw 13 more interceptions after this game (while throwing only 4 picks during the first six games).
The station initially only broadcast from 6:45am–2:45pm on school days when it went on the air in the 1950s. In the 1990s, broadcasts were expanded until midnight every night. During the non-school hours, the station would play automated 1980s music. Originally located in Central High School, the station is now a full 24/7 service broadcasting from the Southern Indiana Career & Technical Center in Evansville, Indiana. 
It may also refer to:
Scipio--
Professional career.


Chanting.
A Romanesque crypt survives below the church, whose main altar contains relics of St Thomas of Canterbury. It has a 12th-century wall of frescoes of the Agnus Dei and symbols of the Four Evangelists, along with one in the north aisle of "St Gerolamo Emiliani introducing orphans to the Virgin" by Jean Francois De Troy, and at the end of the aisle "The Holy Steps and the titular church of Saint Alexius" in wood and stucco by Andrea Bergondi.
The next IPI President, in 1998, was David M. Malone, a Canadian scholar-diplomat. Malone took IPA more deeply into the realm both of scholarship and of policy advocacy, focused in part on the work of the UN Security Council. IPA broke new ground on the economics of war, on links between the causes of conflict and conflict prevention, the nexus of security and development and on new forms of international governance, such as transitional administration. It became a source of expertise for the media in which Malone and his IPA colleagues published frequent opinion and analytical pieces.
Discography.
Attractions.
A memorial stone to Albert has been erected in a copse in Bad Lobenstein.
<doc id="8021603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8021603" title="Franciszek Salezy Dmochowski">
