
Bibliography
"There's Always Tomorrow" is an American romantic melodrama which premiered in New York City on January 20, 1956. Produced by Universal Pictures, it is directed by Douglas Sirk with stars Barbara Stanwyck, Fred MacMurray and Joan Bennett. The screenplay, based on a novel by Ursula Parrott, is by Bernard C. Schoenfeld. Twenty two years earlier, Universal produced a same-titled version of this story, directed by Edward Sloman. Released in November 1934, the film provided an infrequent leading role for character star Frank Morgan (five years before "The Wizard of Oz"), with Binnie Barnes as his old flame and Lois Wilson as his wife.
He also appears in Electronic Arts' games based on the Jackson films. In the real-time strategy game ', Gollum is a playable hero unit for Mordor. In its sequel, ', which is also based on the film series, he is not playable. Instead, he walks around the map cloaked, carrying the Ring. When killed, he drops the Ring for a player to claim. When the Ring is returned to the player's fortress, they may summon a special "Ring Hero" — Galadriel for good factions and Sauron for evil. He also appears in the action game "" (based on the 2003 film), voiced by Andy Serkis. He is an NPC who accompanies Frodo and Sam (the player) as the game progresses, but at Mount Doom becomes the final boss, whom the player must throw into the lava below. In the Game Boy version of "The Return of the King", he is a playable bonus character.
During the war, the Bosniaks were subject to ethnic cleansing and genocide carried out by both Bosnian Croats and Bosnian Serbs, primarily the latter. The war caused hundreds of thousands of Bosniaks to flee the nation. The war also caused many drastic demographic changes in Bosnia. Bosniaks were prevalent throughout almost all of Bosnia in 1991, a year before the war officially broke out. As a result of the war, Bosniaks in Bosnia were concentrated mostly in areas that were held by the Bosnian government during the war for independence. Today Bosniaks make up the absolute majority in Sarajevo and its canton, most of northwestern Bosnia around Bihać, as well as central Bosnia, Brčko District, Goražde, Podrinje and parts of Herzegovina.
Héctor Velásquez
Shek Kip Mei Sports Association () is a Hong Kong football club, played in Hong Kong First Division League. It is known as Workable FC () which is under the football division of the Hong Kong Football Association in 2007–2008 season.

The game is written in C++ and Lua with the SDL library. The game uses a game engine based on the Stratagus engine. Originally the game data structure was separated from the graphical engine, but it was merged into the game in 2007, and the Stratagus project was merged into the Bos Wars project shortly after the engine change.
Reenpää 
Pantelhó
