The James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies (CNS) is the largest nongovernmental organization in the world devoted to curbing the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and is the only organization dedicated exclusively to graduate education and research on nonproliferation issues.
Recognition.
Dawson's function as a character is mostly one of exposition. Byrnes says, "So many times, it's the nature of the game, I end up saying, 'Well, you know, in 1865 they found this guy' and just do exposition. You got to tell the story some way. You're like the narrator because of the nature of the show; it's not about me." Dawson also had to face conflicts of his own. Abramowitz thinks, "Look at the stories that Joe opened up because of the character of Joe and the conflicts that Joe faces. And coming to terms with being somewhat of a hypocrite, which is, 'We observe; we don't act.' And then you see Joe act. Which happens because he is human and because it's a classic case of 'Do what I say, not what I do.' And that's the way life is and that's the way people are. (...) So, those things are always very difficult, and those are the things that he plays with. In "Indiscretions", it is Joe and Methos, and the issue of interference comes to the fore."
He was elected to the American League All-Star team in .

In 2000, Professor Talat Sait Halman was honored on his 70th birthday with a Festschrift (a volume of scholarly articles complied by colleagues as a tribute to an eminent scholar). Professor Halman's "Festschrift", published by Syracuse University Press and edited by "Dr. Jayne Warner", is titled, "Cultural Horizons: a "Festschrift" in honor of Talat S. Halman". Volume I runs 617 pages and includes contributions by 71 scholars. Volume II is a Curriculum Vitae, running 184 pages and accounting for all of Professor Halman's vocational, literary and artistic activities and contributions (up to 1999) under five rubrics: (1) Monographs, (2) Prose, (3) Poetry, (4) Lectures, Speeches, Poetry Readings, Conferences and Special Programs, and (5) Media Events and Productions. In 2005, Professor Halman edited and translated (with Associate Editor Jayne L. Warner) an anthology of Turkish love poems covering the entire span of Turkish poetry. "Nightingales and Pleasure Gardens: Turkish Love Poems " (Syracuse University Press, 2005). The first section of "Premodern poems," includes love poems, mystical love poems, classical lyrics, poems by the Ottoman Sultans and poems of wandering folk-poets. In the second part of the book, Professor Halman provides "Love Poems from the Turkish Republic." In 2006 Syracuse also published a retrospective anthology of Professor Halman's collected poems, fiction, drama, essays and other writings, editid by Jayne Warner : "The Turkish Muse: Views and Reviews"
Homo mermanus
