West Hill School is a historic school building located at Canajoharie, Montgomery County, New York. It was designed by prominent local architect Archimedes Russell (1890-1915) and built 1891-1893. It is a -story, stone masonry institutional building. It features a stone tower with open belfry containing the original school bell. It continued in educational use for over 100 years. It was constructed on the site of the Canajoharie Academy, where in 1846, Susan B. Anthony began a teaching position as head of the girls division.
Hollins Lane
<doc id="28785809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28785809" title="Ney Braga Hydroelectric Plant">

Atherstone Priory was a priory in Warwickshire, England. 
Birstall Priory was a priory in West Yorkshire, England.
Choi Ji-Ryong() is a right-wing, anti-communist South Korean webcomic artist. He has been openly critical of Korean Presidents Kim Dae-jung and Roh Moo Hyun.
Contributing properties.
Gyroporus cyanescens
When Russ moved back to Australia, she began working as the casting assistant for Crawford Productions. In the early 1980s, Ian Smith called Russ and asked if she would like to meet with the Producer at Grundy Television, Russ met the producer and was offered the job of casting director on the television show "Prisoner". Russ worked on the show for eighteen months until its cancellation.
He studied elocution under Lawrence Campbell and continued to draw on his expertise while gaining credentials for judging. He founded his elocution school in 1920?, based in Paling's Building, Sydney, where he later formed the Brunton Gibb Players. From 1919 to 1939 he regularly gave popular recitals, commonly at St James' Hall in Phillip St., or King's Hall, Sydney, accompanied by performers such as Ethel Lang, Lindley Evans, Rosa Alba, Albert Goossens, Tom Lamond, Idwal Jenkins and Wilfred Thomas.
Friedrich Heinrich von Gottesheim
Ndok Gjeloshi was an Albanian army officer and Militia commander during WWII.

The facade that faces land is broken by a rectangular door, frame and almost at a right angle, three firing emplacements, also framed. In the fort's northwest angle protrudes the interior body, also visible above the northern curtain.
On April 30, 1999 the Atlantic & Gulf was sold by Gulf & Ohio to North American RailNet subsidiary Georgia & Florida RailNet along with an adjacent Gulf & Ohio property, the Georgia & Florida.
As a commercial feed supplement.
History.
La segretaria per tutti is a 1933 Italian comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and featuring Vittorio De Sica.
These dual cab locomotives have a roof access ladder on one side only, just to the right of the cab access door. The roof access ladder end is marked as the number 2 end.
