The RSPCA Reform Group was founded in 1970 by members of the British RSPCA. Their aim was to change the direction of the RSPCA from an organisation that dealt mostly with companion animals into one that would oppose what the reformers saw as the key issues: factory farming, animal research, hunting, and bloodsports. They sought to secure the election of reformers – including Ryder and Andrew Linzey, the Oxford theologian – to the RSPCA's ruling council. As a result, Ryder was elected to the council in 1971, became its vice-chairman in 1976, then chairman from 1977 to 1979.
Episode availability.
Freedomland U.S.A.
Orestes (disambiguation)
Vaginal suppositories are meant for introduction into the vagina. These are generally conical, rod shaped or wedge shaped and are larger than Rectal suppositories (4-8 g). Commonly used for local actions in the treatment of gynecological ailments, including vaginal infections such as candidiasis.
Other than with walk-out or look-out basements, windows in basements require a well and are below grade. Clear window well covers may be required to keep the window wells from accumulating rain water. There should be drains in the window well, connected to the foundation drains.
The eastern boundary of Vermont South is the Dandenong Creek, which flows from the Dandenong Ranges, through to Port Phillip. The suburb was mostly developed in the late 1970s and early 1980s, after developers bought the apple orchards in the area.

Luodian County
"Gazette" is a loanword from the French language; in turn, the French word is a 16th-century permutation of the Italian "gazeta", which is the name of a particular Venetian coin. "Gazeta" became an epithet for "newspaper" during the early and middle 16th century, when the first Venetian newspapers cost one gazeta. (Compare with other vernacularisms from publishing lingo, such as the British "penny dreadful" and the American "dime novel".) This loanword, with its various corruptions, persists in numerous modern languages.
In interventional radiology, DMSO is used as a solvent for ethylene vinyl alcohol in the Onyx liquid embolic agent, which is used in embolization, the therapeutic occlusion of blood vessels.
