References.
Best Spiker (UAAP Season 72)
<doc id="42531816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42531816" title="Raj TV">
"Hug" was a sleeper hit in South Korea. It debuted at number thirty seven on the MIAK chart, selling only 4,630 copies on the first month of release. Sales picked up the following month, and on March 28, 2004, TVXQ won their first music show award with "Hug" on "The Music Trend" (Inkigayo). According to the MIAK, "Hug" peaked at number four on the months of April and May, selling a total of 56,543 copies in those months. "Hug" stayed charted for ten consecutive months, and by the end of the year, "Hug" sold over 169,000 copies. It was South Korea's fourteenth best-selling record of 2004. 
The club was playing in Allsvenskan, the second level bandy league in Sweden, during the seasons 2010/11, 2012/13 and 2013/14, but has else been playing in the lower level Division 1.
Şeref Görkey
Euro 1980.
The wingspan is about 5-6.8 mm. The forewings are bright brownish ocherous, with brilliant silvery markings. Adults have been recorded on wing from July to September.
"Five Short Graybles" was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich, Skyler Page, and Cole Sanchez, from a story developed by series creator Pendleton Ward, Patrick McHale, and Kent Osborne. The episode was directed by Larry Leichliter. This was the first episode that Page worked on for the series; he was so excited that after he finished the storyboard, he travelled to Hawaii to "treat himself". Page had been hired by Ward largely due to how he storyboarded the initial high-five between Finn and Jake, which Ward found humorous. Ward had to cute a high-five out of a previous episode that had been produced, which he was unhappy about. He later jokingly said via his Twitter that he would make an episode entirely about high-fives. Eventually, this joke turned into "Five Short Graybles". Sanchez boarded the scenes with Ice King, as well as the scenes with Lumpy Space Princess. He later noted that the two sections were united by the fact that they both featured characters who were "being a little bit mean to each other".
David Pol (born August 31, 1973) is a former Canadian football offensive tackle who played one season with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the BC Lions in the second round of the 1999 CFL Draft. Pol played CIS football at the University of British Columbia. He was also a member of the BC Lions, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Toronto Argonauts.

Commemorative Works Act
In 1957 and 1958, she was cast in two other western series, as Rose in "The Town" of the CBS series "Trackdown", starring Robert Culp and in the segment "Iron Trail Ambush" of the syndicated "Frontier Doctor", starring Rex Allen. Her last acting role was in 1960 as a mystery woman on the ABC sitcom, "The Donna Reed Show". 
Jones joined the United States Air Force in 1969. He was then assigned to Kincheloe Air Force Base and Andrews Air Force Base.
Debranjan Nag
