Reception.
The Army made a proposal of command structure which would unite the U.S Army, the U.S. Navy and a soon to be formed U.S. Air Force under a single Department of National Defense. The Army accepted as a foregone conclusion that the Army Air Corps would emerge as a separate service. Their commanding general, Henry H. Arnold, was one of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, coequal with General Marshall and Admiral King. The Navy, however, was reluctant to accept these changes. The service did not want to lose its independence from the Army, and opposed both changes with the argument that what had worked well in winning the war did not need to be changed.
<doc id="827607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=827607" title="Michel Richard Delalande">
Dr. Graham Stuart Staines (1941 – 22 January 1999) was an Australian Christian missionary who, along with his two sons Philip (aged 10) and Timothy (aged 6), was burnt to death by a gang while sleeping in his station wagon at Manoharpur village in Keonjhar district in Odisha, India on 22 January 1999. In 2003, a Bajrang Dal activist, Dara Singh, was convicted of leading the gang that murdered Graham Staines and his sons, and was sentenced to life in prison.
Versions and translations.
"Born to Be Wild" is a song first performed by the band Steppenwolf, written by Mars Bonfire. The song is often invoked in both popular and counter culture to denote a biker appearance or attitude. It is sometimes described as the first heavy metal song, and the second verse lyric "heavy metal thunder" marks the first use of this term in rock music (although not as a description of a musical style).
<doc id="827856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=827856" title="Sundance Resort">
Karroubi has been a critic of President Ahmadinejad's foreign policy and his infamous remarks about the Holocaust. Karroubi said: "The Holocaust is an event which did take place." He believes that the president's remarks cost Iran a great deal.
Releasing air underwater forms bubble rings, which are vortex rings of water with bubbles (or even a single donut-shaped bubble) trapped along its axis line. Such rings are often produced by scuba divers and dolphins.
The third volume of Kadivar's trilogy is entitled: "Government by Appointment" (Hokoumat e Entesabi). It deals with practical consequences, disappointments, and disenchantments that the Government based on divine mandate has brought about
The Class 40s operated in all areas of British Railways although sightings in the Western and Southern Regions have always been exceptionally rare and usually the result of special trains and/or unusual operational circumstances. After the early trials, the majority were based at depots in northern England, notably Manchester Longsight, Carlisle Kingmoor, Wigan Springs Branch, Thornaby and Gateshead.
The British rock band Elbow took their name from a line in the series that declared elbow the "loveliest word in the English language".
<doc id="828322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=828322" title="Merritt Island Airport">
The monument in memory of the victims of the Holocaust was unveiled in Poniatowa on November 4, 2008 in the presence of the ambassador of Israel to Poland David Peleg, the ambassador of Austria, minister from the German embassy, minister from the Czech embassy, voivode of Lublin; the town's mayor, and many other officials, including Warsaw rabbi and priests.
The Ivey MSc is a direct-entry program requiring no previous full-time work experience. The program is designed to build on previous undergraduate experience and prepare the student for an international career. The Ivey MSc is a pre-experience master's program, although it is a relatively uncommon degree in North America.
Bartold Tyczner, a merchant from Moravia, founded Tyczyn in 1368 during the reign of king Casimir III of Poland. Jews migrated into the area during the 15th and 16th centuries.
Russia changed "propiska" to "registration", though the word "propiska" is still widely used to refer to it colloquially. Citizens must register if they live in the same place for 90 days (Belarusian citizens in Russia and vice versa, 30 days). There are two types of registration, permanent and temporary. A place of permanent registration is indicated on a stamp made in an internal passport, and a place of temporary registration is written on a separate paper. Living in a dwelling without a permanent or temporary registration is considered an administrative offence.
Whereas, the Eagles motto is “People Helping People,” and many of the Eagles’ charitable activities at the local and national level involve providing financial assistance to the elderly, disabled, and children;
Bad Salzuflen lies on Bundesstraße 239. The A2 (E34) runs near the city and has easy accessibility to Junction 28 from the Ostwestfalenstraße and Junction 29 from the 239 feeder road. Today Lockhauser Straße connects the eastern and the western part of the city. The two previously existing roads over the Bega and Werre rivers were not able to accommodate the traffic in the city. Therefore, in the early 1980s the construction of a four-lane elevated highway was needed in the city.
"Blue Boys" are an Ultras group for the Albanian football team, Dinamo Tirana. The group were formed in 2008 and have hundreds of members in first few years. They organise meetings and trips to matches in Tirana and also away matches in Albania and even abroad. They promote Dinamo Tirana to the local public and influence fans of the club in a number of ways.
BBSRC is managed by the BBSRC Council consisting of a chairman (from 1 July 2009, Professor Sir Tom Blundell), a chief executive (Professor Jackie Hunter) and from ten to eighteen representatives from UK universities, government and industry. The Council approves policies, strategy, budgets and major funding. On 4 June 2013, the Minister for Universities and Science, David Willetts, announced the appointment of Dr Jackie Hunter CBE as Chief Executive. Dr Hunter was previously CEO of OI Pharma Partners.
After completing secondary school, Taylor undertook an arts degree at the University of Sydney, and also studied playwrighting at NIDA. But at 21, he abandoned playwrighting and went to back to university to study journalism at University of Technology, Sydney. In 1997 he moved to Melbourne after the ABC offered him a journalism cadetship there.
