Since 1648, the political situation in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth underwent years of crisis. The Khmelnytsky Uprising was a Cossack rebellion in Ukraine which posed a threat to the existence of the Commonwealth. One of the targets of the Cossacks was the liquidation of the Greek-Catholic Church, and this request was considered acceptable by the Latin Catholic Poles who, after being defeated by the Cossacks, signed the Treaty of Zboriv in 1649, only the Papal nuncio and Greek-Catholic bishops opposed. The Cossacks army arrived to forcedly abolish the Greek-Catholic eparchy of Chełm, one of the stronghold of the Greek-Catholic Church. In September 1651, due to a temporary defeat of the Cossacks, the new Treaty of Bila Tserkva was signed and it contained no more statements about the liquidation of the Greek-Catholic Church which was allowed to re-enter in Chełm and Przemyśl.
Bolded are Queen's Cup champions.
Labana Sikh is a sub-group of the Sikh ethnoreligious group from the Indian subcontinent. In past, Sikh Labanas engaged in traditional profession of transportation, but mostly became agriculturer and Landlords, with span of time. The large population of Sikh Labanas resides in Punjab Region. Labana is also written as Lobana, Lubana, Lavana or Lohana.
It took a fortnight before heavy guns could be brought forward, but on 13 June trenches were finally dug and the siege began. 25,000 men undertook the siege, protected by a covering army of 30,000. 
Fermor in 1646 or 1647 married Mary ("d". 1670), daughter of Hugh Perry of London, and widow of Henry Noel, second son of Edward, 2nd Viscount Campden. They had five sons and two daughters. The eldest son, William, was raised to the peerage by the title of Lord Leominster or Lempster in 1692, while his son and successor, Thomas, became the first earl of Pomfret in 1721.
Personal
Although there are more than 300 buffalo kill sites in Montana, First People's Buffalo Jump is one of only three protected buffalo jumps in the state. The other two are Madison Buffalo Jump near Three Forks, and Wahkpa Chu'gn near Havre (both of which are also on the National Register of Historic Places).
Each bout consisted of up to three rounds, lasting two minutes apiece. The wrestler who scored more points in each round was the winner of that rounds; the bout finished when one wrestler had won two rounds (and thus the match).
Juhan Maaker
<doc id="31812107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31812107" title="Portlight Strategies">
Coleophora tadzhikiella
Adolf Weidmann



Head coach: Jorge Dely Valdés
Song information.
Transactions.
2014 U.S. Senate campaign.
Kirill Pavlovich Kuleshov (; born January 3, 1991) is a Russian football striker. Currently, he plays for FC Syzran-2003 Syzran.
Trinity Fellowship
Results.

The album won a Scandipop Award 2011 in the category "Best Male Album".
Technical characteristics.
<doc id="31817612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31817612" title="Melstacorp">

College and amateur.
In 1924 it was decided that a larger and more majestic hall was required and only 28 months later the building was finished, it became a tribute to Mr J S Dahl, the Norwegian architect. It was opened on the 13 July 1927 by Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester. The opening concert was performed by the Folkestone Municipal Orchestra where one thousand people attended. 
Summary.
The competition costs schools nothing apart from travel to enter, with a budget also being given to schools to spend on equipment.
