Open water swimming at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships – Women's 10 km
In 1991, the two countries signed a trade agreement.

<doc id="23701651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23701651" title="Wolfgang Bötsch">
This song was used for an American TV awareness campaign about the effects of anorexia.
Braid won the inaugural British Open in 1901 and subsequently won again four times, and was runner up on three occasions – all of this in the space of 10 years. Other notable clubs such as Gleneagles, Carnoustie, Royal Musselburgh, Dalmahoy and Royal Burgess were among the 200 courses designed by him. He was also a founder member and President of the PGA, and was instrumental in laying the foundation of the professional game as we know it today.
All-Ireland journey.
In 1987 Warrant Officer Sergeant Major Hulme of the British Army Training Team (BATT) introduced the Gambian National Army (GNA) to the game, and the then vice President of the Gambia was invited to become president of the National Rugby Team, games were played at the Medical Research Council (MRC) in Fajara. As well playing teams in the region visiting Royal Navy ships also provided competition for the Gambian rugby team. The team was made up mainly by Gambian Army personnel along with some expats. 
Liu Yu-chan (; born December 20, 1975 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who played for the Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League. He was a starting pitcher for the Elephants. He played for the Chinatrust Whales from 1999 to 2008. In the end of 2008, the Chinatrust Whales has disbanded, he was picked up by Brother Elephants in the second round of the redistribution draft.
The Titans were the giant rulers of the world when it was first created, rampaging until they were imprisoned by Zeus. Four of the five Titans each represent one of the four elements. They serve as the secondary antagonists of the film.
Mijal Hines Cuza
<doc id="23703904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23703904" title="Matti Rantanen">
Qualifying.
In "", Honor Society performed "You Really Got Me" during the opening scene with the film's main characters.
Renate Dodell

Henry Savage (Dean of Lichfield)
Personal.

