The expression was in popular use to denote their numbers, but a 1722 study put their numbers at about 5,000. Adding the "gokenin" brought the number up to about 17,000.
Scaife made headlines in the fall of 1973, when a "Tribune-Review" reporter was fired for making the remark "one down and one to go" during the Watergate era when Vice President Spiro T. Agnew resigned over corruption charges dating back to his days as governor of Maryland. In 1992, the two main newspapers in Pittsburgh were embroiled in a lengthy labor dispute that ultimately led the larger paper, the "Pittsburgh Press", to cease operations, and for the remaining paper, the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", to suspend publication for nearly six months until the "Post-Gazette" acquired the "Press" late that year.
Like e-mail, blogs often fall victim to comment spam.
Punjabi literature.
Submarine warfare is one of the four divisions of underwater warfare, the others being anti-submarine warfare, mine warfare and mine countermeasures.
Sonny Til
The Tizona, or Tizón, is one of the swords (together with La Colada) attributed to El Cid in Spanish literature. According to the Cantar de Mio Cid, El Cid won the sword from its previous owner, King Yucef in Valencia. Afterward, it was gifted by El Cid to his sons-in-law, the Infantes de Carrión but eventually returned into the possession of El Cid.
Otters were observed twice in Southern California in 2011, once near Laguna Beach and once at Zuniga Point Jetty, near San Diego. These are the first documented sightings of otters this far south in 30 years.
The provisional designation system for minor planet satellites, such as asteroid moons, follows that established for the satellites of the major planets. With minor planets, the planet letter code is replaced by the minor planet number in parentheses. Thus, the first observed moon of 87 Sylvia, discovered in 2001, was at first designated S/2001 (87) 1, later receiving its permanent designation of (87) Sylvia I Romulus. Where more than one moon has been discovered, Roman numerals specify the discovery sequence, so that Sylvia's second moon is designated (87) Sylvia II Remus.
Irish Republican Brotherhood.
Towards the end of the 1960s, Diners Club also faced competition from banks that issued revolving credit cards through BankAmericard (later renamed Visa), and Interbank MasterCharge (later renamed MasterCard). Diners Club began early on to allow franchises of the Diners Club name, at first in Europe and later throughout the world, for many years eclipsing the BankAmericard or Interbank MasterCharge networks abroad. Amoco also issued for a time its own co-branded Diners Club cards called American Torch Club, and Sun Oil Company issued its version called Sun Diner Club Card.

Charitable giving is managed and coordinated by the Holland & Knight Charitable Foundation, which was established as a 501(c)(3) public charity in 1996. The foundation underwrites several programs that support education, including the Opening Doors for Children reading program, the Holocaust Remembrance Project national essay contest, Young Native Writers Essay Contest for Native American high school students, and Dream Scholarship Essay Contest designed to honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Prior winners of the Young Native Writers Essay Contest were featured in Indian Country Today. 
Another community that was changed dramatically from the gold rush was Wine Harbour. This community is now about the size of Goldenville, but back during the gold rush it became a boom town too. During the peak of the gold rush, this small community had three main streets (which was big for any community outside of Halifax at this time). There was also a hotel as well as several general stores. 
The "deep" or "high" slot refers to the area from the top of the circles, farthest from the goaltender, to the end of the slot at the hash marks. The distinction of where the deep slot begins is contentious. In general, it is the defenceman's responsibility to guard offensive players in the slot, while the offside winger covers offensive players in the deep slot. Because the deep slot is protected by an offensively minded winger and not a defenceman, forwards will often hover in the deep slot waiting for an opportunity to move towards the net for a scoring opportunity.
It also purchased a vessel, "McArthur", which has been outfitted for disaster response and training. According to Blackwater USA, it features "state of the art navigation systems, full GMDSS communications, SEATEL Broadband, dedicated command and control bays, helicopter decks, hospital and multiple support vessel capabilities." "McArthur" was built in 1966 by the Norfolk Shipbuilding and Drydock Company and served as the survey ship USC&GS "McArthur" (MSS 22) for the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1966 to 1970 and as NOAAS "McArthur" (S 330) for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration from 1970 until her decommissioning in 2003. The ship is home-ported in Norfolk, Virginia.
Life.
Some reviews are average, mixed or negative: Yahoo! Music UK gave it a score of six stars out of ten and said, "Adams can undoubtedly pen this classic rawk stuff with his ears closed and, as a result, the 15 tracks here lack heart." "No Ripcord" also gave it a score of six stars out of ten and said, "No matter how cliched and predictable this record gets, there are always some undeniable hooks to lure you back in before your patience wears thin." Playlouder gave it a score of three stars out of five and said, "There are tunes galore, and ideas that some groups would do someone in for, it’s just a shame he decided to do an approximation of all his favourite bands, and didn’t try something a bit more progressive than 'Rock‘n’Roll'." "Chicago Tribune" gave it a mixed review and said that "Adams devotes himself almost entirely to his rock impulses. The problem is that his writing and vocals aren't as consistently distinctive or convincing in the rock arena. He aims for the intensity of Kurt Cobain and Paul Westerberg on some tracks and croons like Jon Bon Jovi on another. It's not until the melancholy "Wish You Were Here" that Adams slows the tempo and delivers the intimacy that characterized his earlier solo work, most of which was four-star quality." "The Guardian" gave it a score of two stars out of five and said that "Adams is too busy winking, smirking and showing off to convey anything approaching an emotion." Drowned in Sound gave the album a score of three out of ten and called it "the worst record Ryan Adams has ever put his name to; a mess of identikit garage buffoonery and amateurish production, filled with rushed lyrics and written-in-a-weekend tunes."
It is situated in the Town of Town of Alexandria in Jefferson County, New York. One of many state parks in the Thousand Islands region, the park is accessible only by boat (On the east end of Wellesley Island).
Ron Santo - 15 (Inducted July 22, 2012)<br>
