After releasing new songs, it was announced that Blinded Colony would change its name to The Blinded. This change was due to the idea that the band consisted of completely different members and therefore was not the same blinded colony.
Eitel Friedrich von Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen (26 September 1582 – 19 September 1625) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal-Priest, Prince-Bishop of Osnabrück and member of the noble and ancient Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen family. 

Format.
Chalmers passed on the decision to confirm the death sentence to Brigadier General Malcolm. The only person who was able to intervene in this case was Sir Hector Van Cuylenberg who was the elected representative in the legislature, but his representations were not taken seriously by the military. Many prominent citizens and educationists, both British and Ceylonese alike appealed against the judgment, without any impact. An appeal was made to King George V. On 7 July 1915, Capt. Pedris was stripped of his rank and executed by firing squad. It's said that he refused the blindfold offered to him, requesting to face death fearlessly. After the execution in keeping with military tradition, his body was buried in an unmarked grave against the wishes of his family. In 1987 Capt. Pedris’s grave was unearthed and the remains were verified as his and reburied with military honors (it is said his father knew exactly where his son was buried).
For his third record, Stadler collaborated with Stephannie, a young vocalist and songwriter with a unique talent — by recalling her dreams she composed lyrics in a form of glossolalia she referred to as a new language of Celtic fantasy. Joined by the well-known Celtic harpist Lisa Lynne, Stadler's third album, "Fairy HeartMagic", was released on Sequoia Records in October 2000, recognized on Billboard's New Age Top 25. The song "Fairy NightSongs" from this album was awarded JPF Best New Age/World song of 2004 following its appearance on a compilation. This was the first of Stadler's CD to be enhanced with a CD-ROM session that offers two bonus songs in MP3 format and additional artwork for computer display. All of Stadler's later albums featured similar enhancements.
<doc id="10092707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10092707" title="Pierre Descamps">
Rushden & Diamonds.
- National Youth Leadership Council

Personnel.
Table key.
Los Bandoleros is a compilation reggaeton CD produced by Don Omar and released under his label All Star Records in 2005. It is named for "Bandoleros", a song on the CD.
