Other.
<br clear=left>
In 1931, the State of California adopted legislation designating the intertidal and subtidal areas around Hopkins Marine Station as the Hopkins Marine Life Refuge. The collection of marine invertebrates or plants is forbidden without a scientific collecting permit. The HMLR is the second-oldest Marine Life Refuge in California, after the San Diego Marine Life Refuge of the Scripps Institute of Oceanography. More recent legislation has been enacted to prevent chemical and thermal pollution of the water, to extend the boundaries of the refuge, and to prohibit the collection of fish, as well as invertebrates and plants, without a scientific collecting permit.
Religion.
All appears to end well. However, in the closing scene, Perry enters a Canadian bank to change some currency only to find himself taken hostage by a different bank robber in the same manner he originally kidnapped Lucas. Because of this unexpected development, Lucas does not need to say goodbye to Meg, with whom he has formed a bond.
U-dub may refer to:
M. Macha NightMare (Aline O'Brien) is an American witch. She was born in Milford, Connecticut and was one of the founders of the Reclaiming Collective in the 1970s. 
In an interview with the Spanish daily "ABC" published on 14 December 2006, Topalov alleged that Kramnik had cheated with computer help during the match, that network cables had been found in the bathroom ceiling, that threats were issued, and that he felt physically unsafe during the match.
The Ladies of Missalonghi
Accused of being a participant in the July 20 Plot in 1944, he was executed in March 1945 in Plötzensee and buried in an unmarked grave. His name appears on a family grave marker in Berlin.
Namesakes.
In Championship mode, one or two players can play, or one player can play with the screen split between his/her view and that of an AI opponent. Players start off with identical cars and may change the color, name, speed units (MPH or km/h), and the button layout. Unlike in previous Top Gear games with a few pre-generated layouts, the players may adjust any function to any button desired.

Seven players have played at VFL/AFL level and 95 players have been recruited to the WAFL from current MFL clubs. Players to have played 50 or more WAFL games are Laurence Watson (Bolgart), Mal Brown, Ronald Brown, Murray Couper and Ian Newman (Dowerin), Brendon Fewster (Gingin), Gary Brookes, Willy Dick, Eric Glass and Charles Western (Goomalling), Jack Clarke (Jennacubbine), Anthony Beattie and Chester Mackean (Toodyay) and Ron Bayens (Wongan Hills).
On April 4, 2003, Dad's Garage Theatre Company in Atlanta was scheduled to debut Aguirre-Sacasa's new play, "Archie's Weird Fantasy", which depicted Riverdale's most famous resident coming out of the closet and moving to New York. The day before the play was scheduled to open, Archie Comics issued a cease and desist order, threatening litigation if the play proceeded as written. Dad's Garage artistic director Sean Daniels said, "The play was to depict Archie and his pals from Riverdale growing up, coming out and facing censorship. Archie Comics thought if Archie was portrayed as being gay, that would dilute and tarnish his image." It opened a few days later as "Weird Comic Book Fantasy" with the character names changed.
A group of approximately 1,000 political emigrants from Croatia arrived in the country in 1948. The new generation of immigrants differed significantly from the old one, and the two populations remained separate for a long time.
Conservation.
Tyrannosaurs of the species Gorgosaurus are mentioned occasionally, and many times Reginald Rivers will say that the Raja is out in some period in the Cenozoic, taking a group to hunt some form of prehistoric mammal such as titanothere, entelodont, or uintathere. Prehistoric marsupials and Indricotherium are mentioned in "The Synthetic Barbarian," and numerous Pleistocene Megafauna are seen in "The Mislaid Mastodon," including "Castoroides ohioensis" and the American Lion.
Mark Harris (rugby league)
Merit, Texas

Ollur has timber and wooden packing boxes, around 300 units of wooden packing boxes units. Before India’s independence, the British used to source sleepers and wooden platforms for railways from Ollur. During the First World War, wooden packing cases were built in Ollur for military purposes also. The business grew and now, the wooden packing cases of Ollur reach all parts of India and are even used for export. The boxes are made from rubber wood, which is taken on auction from different parts of Kerala. Another main business which goes with wooden packing case is the timber industry which is highly concentrated in Ollur. There are many saw mills also in Ollur.
In 2009, the documentary film "The People Speak" was released. Narrated by Zinn, the film uses dramatic and musical performances of the letters, diaries, and speeches of everyday Americans, based on Zinn's "Voices of a People's History of the United States".
Saturday 14 April - Neath RFC (Away) Won 39-26
In December 1901 an electrical fire resulted in the death of six people and the temporarily closure of the station for several months.
The song was performed nineteenth on the night, following Finland's Jasmine with "Niin kaunis on taivas" and preceding Poland's Kasia Kowalska with "Chcę znać swój grzech...". At the close of voting, it had received 51 points, placing 13th in a field of 23.
