In the 1990s, the President of the Russian Federation, Boris Yeltsin, admitted to an offensive bio-weapons program as well as to the true nature of the Sverdlovsk biological weapons accident of 1979, which had resulted in the deaths of at least 64 people. Soviet defectors, including Colonel Kanatjan Alibekov, the first deputy chief of Biopreparat from 1988 to 1992, confirmed that the program had been massive and that it still existed. In September 1992, Russia signed an agreement with the United States and Great Britain promising to end its bio-weapons program and to convert its facilities for benevolent scientific and medical purposes.


The Wm. James Reid house is a three story Colonial Revival, in it original form since it conception in the early 1900s. The home features four eloquent parlors with high ceilings, original plaster, original doors and transoms, wave lead glass, cedar frame and heartpine floors. All the original features from the sliding pocket doors to the lovely copper handles are well preserved and in magnificent shape.
After the success of the "QI" TV series, Mitchinson co-authored, with "QI's" creator John Lloyd, the QI Annuals for 2008 and 2009,; as well the main "QI" books: These being "The Book of General Ignorance", "The Book of Animal Ignorance", "Advanced Banter: The QI Book of Quotations", and "The QI Book of the Dead".
Folklore goes back to thousands of years, to the age of "Parashurama". It is said that it was God "Parashurama" who had carved the goddess with the tip of his arrow. Even this temple survived the ravages of "Kala Chand" (legendary Kala Pahada). The new temple- 500 years old - was built by the Raja of Manijanga. The remnants of the old temple is not visible, but folklore goes that it was at Badasarol, a place where the Ganesha Temple, (generally adorns the south gate of all Oriya temples) (Nanda Deula, now renovated) stands as witness, where the old temple once stood.
The International Mountain Leader Award is the professional qualification for individuals who wish to lead trekking parties to all mountain areas except on glaciers, and where the techniques or equipment of alpinism are required. The International Mountain Leader (IML) can also operate on easy snow-covered terrain, providing it is of a gentle, Nordic type in the “middle” mountains. On successful completion of the full training and assessment programme, and by belonging to their recognised National Body, the individual will gain the full IML Award, a professional Carnet and Internationally recognised badge, giving them comparability with other IMLs world-wide.

Some hybrids must keep the engine running whenever the vehicle is in motion and the transmission engaged, although they still have an "auto-stop" feature which engages when the vehicle stops, avoiding waste. Maximizing use of auto-stop on these vehicles is critical because idling causes a severe drop in instantaneous fuel-mileage efficiency to zero miles per gallon, and this lowers the average (or accumulated) fuel-mileage efficiency.
<doc id="11567754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11567754" title="The Berzerker – Live and Rare">
In August, the stock of phytoplankton is dominated by cyanobacteria and green algae, of which several are potentially poisonous and caused major algae blooms during the 1990s. The community of zooplankton is representative for lakes rich in nutrients with medium-sized taxa dominating in late spring and June, while minor taxa are otherwise prevailing. Larger zooplankton, such as Cyclopoid Copepods, are rare and reaches about 40 per cent in July and August.
<doc id="11568826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11568826" title="Achlya conspicua">
"Peronosclerospora sorghi" has a broad host range, particularly plants in the sorghum family. These host plants include "Sorghum bicolor", or sorghum, "Sorghum sudanense", or Sudan grass, and "Sorghum palepense", or Johnsongrass. Its hosts also include "Pinnisetum glaucum", or pearl millet, and "Zea mays", or maize. When maize plants are infected as seedlings, the first symptom to appear is chlorosis of the leaves. As the plant grows, it often shows stunting, and necrotic lesions begin to form on the leaves. As the leaves continue to grow, a white, downy growth may develop in the necrotic lesions, especially on the underside of the leaves. This downy growth is the result of the production of conidia and conidiophores under the proper environmental conditions.

The novel "Red Bones" was dramatised by David Kane for BBC television starring Douglas Henshall as Detective Inspector Jimmy Perez, and broadcast in 2013 as "Shetland". Episodes broadcast in 2014 were based on "Raven Black", "Dead Water" and "Blue Lightning".
Physalospora perseae
Records.

Function.
After urging the people to boycott the August 2009 constitutional referendum, Bazoum was briefly detained and questioned for two hours on 14 July 2009. Bazoum was re-elected as PNDS Vice-President at the party's Fifth Ordinary Congress, held on 18 July 2009. Following the success of the referendum, he characterized it as a "coup d'etat" and said that the October 2009 parliamentary election was an "electoral farce" intended merely to add a "democratic polish".
1901 St. Louis Cardinals season
This event set a World Series of Poker non-main event and live poker attendance record with 3,151 entries breaking the previous record of 2,998 set earlier in the third event of the 2007 WSOP. At the time it was also the third-highest entry total in all live Poker events behind just the 2006 and 2005 main events which had 8,773 and 5,619 entrants respectively.
T
Further examples include (:) 'honey', 'liver', 'eye', (:) 'to plait', 'to see', 'sinew', (:) 'tear', 'palate', 'arrow', 'to lick' listed above. Word-internally a correspondence Hungarian : Finnic is also found, as seen in 'broth', 'name', and 'heart'.

The master distiller for Four Roses has been Jim Rutledge since 1995.
The Browns were in Philadelphia with plans to travel to New York City to play the Cuban Giants in an exhibition game. Scheduled long in advance with a "big guarantee," a crowd was anticipated in excess of 15,000 spectators. However, the night before departure to New York, eight Browns players signed a letter addressed to Von der Ahe and delivered it in person. The letter read:
In 1972, remains of about 800 dead compatriots were found in a mass grave 80 by 5 metres in size. A memorial hall was constructed to house these remains. It is situated in Xinbin Manchu Autonomous County in the prefecture of Fushun, China.
The USFO has performed at a variety of venues, ranging from small community halls to outdoor festivals, and major venues such as the Ulster Hall and Waterfront Hall where they were part of an Ulster-Scots programme for the BBC in 2004. They have also performed in Scotland, England, Ireland and the United States. Performances cover a wide range of material from Ulster-Scots language recitation and unaccompanied songs to contemporary songs accompanied by guitar and other instruments, to drum and fife tunes from both Orange and Hibernian sources, including the many shared tunes, to dance music played on a variety of instruments in both Ulster-Scots and Appalachian styles, as well as various, sometimes unexpected combinations of these. The USFO also provide structured stage performances and workshops which they take into schools, community centres and festivals.
Sunrise Mountain (Nevada)
