Gold and Platinum albums.
<doc id="1424913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1424913" title="Vis viva">
Firing order affects the balance, noise, vibration, smoothness, and sound of the engine.
The mayor and aldermen were elected annually from 1892 to 1898.
Jorge Amado, in his 1942 biographical book "Vida de Luis Carlos Prestes", compared her with Ana Ribeiro da Silva, the Brazilian wife of Garibaldi - and remarked that "in the person of Olga, Europe repaid the debt to Latin America" (i.e., in her case it was a European woman revolutionary who married a Latin American revolutionary leader).
The entertainments in Seattle in its first decade were typical of similar frontier towns. The first established place of entertainment was Henry Yesler's one-story x hall (built 1865), which hosted monologuists, Swiss bellringers, phrenologists and the like. The first professional play in the city was an 1871 production of "Uncle Tom's Cabin"; numerous Tom Shows would play Seattle in the following years, including one with an entirely African American cast. The first local theater company was the short-lived John Jack Theatrical Company, whose performances in the late 1870s received generally unfavorable reviews.
Ellen rewrites her own book so that she and Lori live in a house by the sea instead. She returns home to find that Lori drowned while rescuing a little boy from the ocean. Ellen dashes back to the library and is caught by Gloria, who is incensed when she learns the books have been tampered with. She quickly orders Ellen to gather all the books she rewrote and ushers her out of the library.
In his 1959 autobiography, DeMille alleged that a former member of the American Communist Party later confided to him that the party had consciously orchestrated these circumstances of his exclusion from radio, as they considered him to be one of their two foremost enemies in radio.
Waterloo Warriors

One of the contestants, Bhavya Pandit, received an offer to sing the song "Aaja Lehraate" for the film "What's Your Raashee", alongside singer Shaan. She also went on to sing "Rani Main Tu Raja" from the movie "Son Of Sardaar". The song became a hit and Pandit received appreciation from the audience.
<doc id="1426058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1426058" title="Loyola College (Montreal)">
There have been many varying opinions about the criteria for selection. It is often pointed out that the list emphasises mountains in the Chūbu region. It has been reported that Fukada, who was from Ishikawa Prefecture, was brought up looking at Mt. Haku, but he only selected 13 further west. 
Following a year of highly publicised peace campaigning by the Lennons in 1969, Apple press officer Derek Taylor was concerned that they had exhausted the media's interest in their causes. On 4 February 1970, Lennon and Ono donated a large plastic bag full of their hair, along with Apple's poster for the new single, to north London-based black power activist Michael X, in return for a pair of Muhammad Ali's bloodstained boxing shorts. The "final proof" of the Lennons' "overexpose", according to Taylor, was that there was a large press turnout for the event yet "nobody printed anything".
- Valley earthen surfaces (nuts, fruits, fungi, vegetables, wild cereals, and wild mammals) 
Some of Toledo's initiatives against drugs and violence involved the collaboration with the National Guard and the occupation of public housing projects (or "caseríos"). During his tenure, murders in the island went from its highest peak in recent years (995 in 1994) to its lowest (690 in 2000).
