Dayanand Saraswati.

The next step in the liberation of the Philippines was the invasion of the island of Luzon, the island on which the capitol Manila resides. The invasion of Luzon began in the Lingayen Gulf on the western side of the island on 9 January 1945. In just a few days, the "War Hawk" and her sister ships had landed almost 175,000 troops, mostly made up of the 6th Army. These troops began a push east, north and south towards Manila.

It should also be noted that Caprica Six has a "Head Baltar" which only she sees similar to how Baltar has a "Head Six" that only he can see; Head Baltar serves as a sort of conscience for Caprica Six, but also an advisor in times of trouble or danger, much the same role that Head Six plays for Baltar. This Head Baltar has also appeared at least once to Baltar himself. Before the true nature of both Head Baltar and Head Six was revealed, there had been rampant speculation that Baltar was a Cylon. In the series finale, both Head Baltar and Head Six turned out to be divine beings (actually referred to as "Angels") manipulating both the Colonials and Cylons into fulfilling "God's plan."

He was born in Cambridge, Mass., July 1, 1776; was graduated from Harvard University in 1793; studied law; was admitted to the bar in 1797 and commenced practice in New Gloucester, Maine (then a district of Massachusetts); moved to Warren in 1800; member of the Massachusetts house of representatives 1801-1811; was elected as a Federalist to the Seventh Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Silas Lee; reelected to the Eighth Congress and served from December 6, 1802, to March 3, 1805; sheriff of Lincoln County, Maine, 1814–1821; member of the Maine house of representatives in 1824; moved to Bangor, Maine, in 1860, and died there July 18, 1872; interment in Bangor's Mount Hope Cemetery.
The event was in doubt due to an ongoing dispute between the ACT Cross Country Club who owned the event and Cundy Sport Management who had been running the event on the club's behalf for a number of years. It is now sponsored by Fairfax / The Canberra Times and is part of the Australian Running Festival.
