The city plays a major role in Orson Scott Card's Ender saga, as it becomes the headquarters of the Hegemony and the South American capital of the Free People of Earth (the world government).
King Louie appears in the "Fables" comic series published by Vertigo Comics. He is one of the revolutionaries who wish to overthrow the Fabletown government out of resentment at the apparent second-class status of Fables. Due to his peripheral involvement, he is given a sentence of hard labor---twenty years, reduced to five years conditional on good behavior.
A local swimming pool was named after Newman by the Fairfield City Council.
Nossa Senhora do Pópulo
The Music of Ohio has long been a part of its rich cultural heritage.
In 1999, "Morning Edition with Bob Edwards" received the George Foster Peabody Award.
<doc id="307818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=307818" title="Lavender oil">

Prewar years.
The creators of "Battlefield 1942" have released expansion packs titled ' (which adds the Italian Front) and '. Both add various new gameplay modes and design concepts. "The Road to Rome" features a focus on the Italian battles and allows players to play as the Free French forces or as the Italian Army. "Secret Weapons of WWII" focuses on prototype, experimental, and rarely used weapons and vehicles (such as jet packs), as well as weapons not featured in the previous games. It adds downloadable patches, fixes bugs in the game, and it adds some extra content (such as the Battle for Hellendoorn map). "Battlefield 1942 Deluxe Edition" includes original game and "Battlefield 1942: The Road To Rome". "Battlefield 1942: World War II Anthology" added "" expansion pack. "Battlefield 1942: The Complete Collection" added "Battlefield Vietnam" and "Battlefield Vietnam WWII Mod."
Ashton-under-Lyne Metrolink station in the town centre, lies alongside Ashton-under-Lyne bus station and is the terminus for the newest link of the Manchester Metrolink city-tram line which runs to Manchester Piccadilly station and Manchester city-centre. The tram line to Ashton was opened on 9 October 2013. Away from the town centre towards Manchester there is also Ashton West Metrolink station and Ashton Moss Metrolink station.
Olsson became a first breach in her isolated and threatened existence in the distant village - she made a number of visits and the two women remained in contact by letter until a few weeks before Södergran's death, when Olsson went on a tour to France without an inkling that she was to lose one of her best friends. She was to grow into one of the most powerful modernist critics in Finland and at times she has been seen as almost a posthumous spokeswoman and interpreter of Södergran, not least because so few others had been in continuous and close long-term contact with the poet and were still alive and willing to speak in public when Södergran became an established classic. It was a position that Olsson was, by her own admission, uncomfortable with, but her accounts of Södergran and her edition of the author's letters to her, with Olsson's own evocative commentary (her own letters were lost after Södergran's death), have had an incalculable effect on the later image of her friend.
Musical theater.
Next, the most valuable features of the software are integrated. It is very convenient for the integrators to have a way to run small selected pieces of code, perhaps from a simple menu system.
The "Epistle of James" has been traditionally attributed to James the Just since 253, although it is now common for scholars to disagree on its authenticity.

In a February 8, 1947 "Collier's Weekly" article, La Follette reported his experience with infiltration of Communists onto Congressional Committee staffs. The Venona project materials revealed four agents of Soviet intelligence who had served on his Civil Liberties Subcommittee, including the Chief Counsel, John Abt.
Country legend Mel Tillis was born in Darby, a small rural community in northeastern Hillsborough County. His daughter Pam Tillis, also a country music star, was born in nearby Plant City, Florida.
Contrary to popular opinion, the Diggers did not fall apart but evolved into the larger and more complex Free Family. While the Free Food and Medical Clinics were responses to necessary conditions caused by the enormous influx of young people during the heyday of the hippie scene, conditions that the San Francisco government was ignoring, the Diggers' central tenet was to be "authentic". Running soup kitchens and medical clinics was not the authentic, long-term concern of the Diggers' founders. After passing those institutions on to a local Church and Dr. David Smith to continue, the Diggers moved out of the City, creating various land bases in Forest Knolls, Olema, Covelo, Salmon River, Trinidad, and Black Bear California. In those places they integrated with other groups: The Free Bakery, the Up Against the Wall Motherfuckers, and the Gypsy Truckers, creating The Free Family. That larger group still exists informally, and many of the Diggers' children and grandchildren remain close and in contact with one another, and many (children included) are still involved with progressive causes.

Early years in Europe.
Ancash.
In 1979 Bejerot received an honorary title of professor, an honor that the Swedish government usually awards to only a few people a year.
Giovanni Ravelli, Giorgio Parodi and Carlo Guzzi had envisioned the creation of a motorcycle company after World War I. When Ravelli was killed in a plane crash just days after the end of the war, Parodi and Guzzi chose to commemorate Ravelli by choosing as the emblem of their company, the symbol that represented their camaraderie and their common passion for flight: the insignia of the Italian Air Corp, "l’aquila ad ali spiegate", the winged eagle. Originally, the emblem consisted solely of the gold eagle (with wings spread) over the Moto Guzzi lettering, usually in a sans-serif typeface. From the late 1970s to the early 1980s, the eagle was heavily stylized, with the upper edge of the outspread wings forming a smooth, horizontal line. The late eighties saw a return to the less stylized gold eagle. The nineties saw the eagle and Moto Guzzi script on a flat red oval with a gold band along its perimeter. Circa 2004, the emblem reached its current, three-dimensional form.
Living α-olefin polymerization.
The Court's decision.
The choruses spoken by Gower were influenced by Barnabe Barnes's "The Diuils Charter" (1607) and by "The Trauailes of the Three English Brothers" (1607), by John Day, William Rowley, and Wilkins.
In Ontario, the party unsuccessfully ran candidates in most provincial elections from 1945 until 1975, never obtaining electoral support beyond a negligible level.
It began as a sheep station and river crossing before undergoing a major transformation as a railway town. Today it is an agricultural and manufacturing centre and the centre of the Goulburn Valley irrigation system, one of the largest centres of irrigation in Australia. It is a major regional service city and is the seat of local government and civic administration centre for the City of Greater Shepparton. The Greater Shepparton urban area includes surrounding centres of Tatura, Merrigum, Mooroopna, Murchison, Dookie, Toolamba and Grahamvale.
Sierra Leone is a member state of the Commonwealth of Nations.
Yan's determination to modernize Shanxi was mostly inspired from his experiences in Japan, but also by his experiences with foreign doctors and personnel who arrived in Shanxi in 1918 in order to help Yan suppress an epidemic which was ravaging the province. Yan was impressed with the zeal, talents, and modern outlook of these personnel, and subsequently compared foreigners favorably to his own conservative and generally apathetic officials. Conversations with other famous reformers, including John Dewey, Hu Shih, and Yan's close friend H. H. Kung, reinforced Yan's determination to Westernize Shanxi.

Reisman is assigned twelve convicts (the dirty dozen), all either serving lengthy sentences or destined to be executed. Notable members include slow-witted Vernon Pinkley (Donald Sutherland); Robert Jefferson (Jim Brown), an African American soldier convicted of killing a man in self defence; Samson Posey (Clint Walker), a gentle giant who becomes enraged when pushed; Joseph Wladislaw (Charles Bronson) a taciturn coal miner recruited for his ability to speak German, convicted of shooting his squad's medic; A.J. Maggott (Telly Savalas), a misogynist, religious fanatic, and probably insane; and Victor Franko (John Cassavetes), a former member of the Chicago organized-crime Syndicate who has extreme problems with authority. 
Much of the region is mountainous. Valley farmlands are located the central, southern and the western part of Thesprotia, while the terrain of the Preveza regional unit is mostly hilly. There are two rivers in the region: the Thyamis and Acheron.
Swallow – Amanda Piehler<br>
The practices and views in the "Hippocratic Corpus" regarding women's bodies and their perceived weaknesses were inadequate for addressing the needs of women in the Hellenistic and Roman eras, when women led active lives and more often engaged in family planning. The physiology of women began to be seen as less alien to that of men. In the older tradition, intercourse, pregnancy, and childbirth were not only central to women's health, but the "raison d'être" for female physiology; men, by contrast, were advised to exercise moderation in their sexual behavior, since hypersexuality would cause disease and fatigue.
Notable Players.
Since 2010 UTFSM has been awarded with nearly US$8 million for 76 research projects. Many of these projects involve national and international collaborations with prestigious institutions in Latin America (ANDES Laboratory Project, RIABIN Biotechnology Network), Europe (CERN, Max Planck Institut, Politecnico di Milano), and USA (MIT, SLAC), among others. 
Orchard establishment.
Approach shoes are hybrids between light-weight hiking shoes and climbing shoes offering some of the qualities of each.

1980s.
Originally, the car was designed for a Wankel rotary engine. In 1973, AMC signed a licensing agreement with Curtiss-Wright to build Wankels for cars and Jeep-type vehicles. (The agreement also permitted Curtiss-Wright to sell rotaries elsewhere.) Later, AMC decided instead to purchase the engines from General Motors (GM), who were developing them for use in their own cars. However, GM canceled development in 1974 for reasons that included durability issues, the fuel crisis, tooling costs (for the engines and also for a new product line designed around the rotary's ultra-compact dimensions) and the upcoming (late 1970s) U.S. emissions legislation. It was also thought that the high-revving Wankel would not suit Americans accustomed to low revs and high torque.
The sounding lengths calculated by Faggot are substantially different from what would be produced according to Stråhle's instructions, a fact which appears to have been first published by Christlieb Benedict Funk in "Dissertatio de Sono et Tono" in 1779, and the tuning he created includes intervals tuned outside of the range conventionally used in Western art music. Funk is credited the observation of this discrepancy in Gehler's "Physikalisches Wörterbuch" in 1791, and Fischer's "Physikalisches Wörterbuch" in 1804, and the error was pointed out by Ernst Chladni in "Die Akustik" in 1830. No similar comments appear to have been published in Sweden during the same period. 
After completing his education, Fauntroy became pastor of the New Bethel Baptist Church. He returned home with a rather unorthodox view of Christian service that his parishioners immediately embraced. Believing that religion was something more than a Sunday morning pastime, forgotten by half past noon, Fauntroy took part in civil rights demonstrations, sit-ins, and marches – both in Washington, D.C., and elsewhere.
After finishing at Adelaide, Blight went on to coach St Kilda. After being signed for $1 million as coach for 2001, Blight was sacked after Round 15 (3 wins, 12 losses). His famous humiliation of the players by making them stay on the ground (Telstra Dome) highlighted the worsening relation between the coach, players and club supporters. Some years later CEO Butterss questioned Blight's commitment to the club during his tenure. Blight responded memorably from his position as media commentator with Channel Ten, saying: 
Simokattes mentions the Hunnoi as the other major component under the Hephthalite ruling elite. These are identified as the "true" Avars of the east, and the political force behind what Simokattes calls the "Pseudo-Avars" who eventually settled down in Pannonia. The Göktürks also considered the Khwarezmian Uar (possibly associated with the Uyghurs) as the true Avars and encouraged the Byzantines to regard the "Avars" who entered Europe as Pseudo-Avars.
The California fan palm ("Washingtonia filifera") is found in the Colorado Desert section of the Sonoran Desert, the only native palm in California, among many other introduced Arecaceae genera and species. It is found at spring-fed oases, such as in Anza Borrego Desert State Park, Joshua Tree National Park, and the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge.
The discontinuation of the SETI@home Classic platform has rendered older Macintosh computers running pre-Mac OS X versions of the Mac OS unsuitable for participating in the project.
The classic paper on adverse selection is George Akerlof's "The Market for Lemons" from 1970, which brought informational issues at the forefront of economic theory. It discusses two primary solutions to this problem, signaling and screening.
Geographic genres.
Cervantes immediately became a national hero in Colombia, and many enterprises made him their spokesman in the coffee producing country, most notably Sanyo, whose name the popular champion advertised on his clothing and fight trunks (boxer's shorts).
Surviving keyboard music:
Rock inscriptions: In 1897, Sir Edward Albert Gait discovered a copper inscription in Tezpur the deciphering of which provided information regarding the Ahom rulers. He referenced the nine line inscription of Harjjar Varma in his ‘’A History of Assam’’. The inscription, dating to 829 A.D., is the first historical record of Assam. The inscription was found engraved on a massive stone some away from Tezpur town situated near Rudrapad Temple.
While Barcelona was the centre of "Modernista" construction, the Catalan industrial bourgeoisie built industrial buildings and summer residences - "cases d'estiueig" - in many Catalan towns, notably Terrassa and Reus. The textile factory which is now home to the Catalan national technical museum MNACTEC is an outstanding example.
