Results.
<doc id="37074665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37074665" title="Swimming at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 50 metre backstroke S5">

<doc id="37075255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37075255" title="Swimming at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 150 metre individual medley SM4">

The museum is located in Houston, Texas. Texas was chosen since the state had gone further than any other state, running out all but a few tribes, or otherwise eliminating them.
Eric Michael Swalwell, Jr. (born November 16, 1980) is an American politician and activist from California, who serves as the U.S. Representative from California's 15th congressional district. He is a member of the Democratic Party. His district covers most of eastern Alameda County, including Hayward, Pleasanton, Livermore, Fremont, Dublin and San Ramon. He was elected in November 2012, defeating incumbent Pete Stark, a fellow Democrat almost a half-century Swalwell's senior, who had held the office since 1973. Swalwell took office on January 3, 2013. 
During the Fair, the Mathewson Exhibition Center hosts equine and livestock shows as well as various entertainment and concerts. During the offseason, it is home to the Mid-Missouri Outlaws of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League.
Corey was born and raised in Seattle, Washington where he spent his childhood before moving to Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 20. For part of his freshman year of high school he attended Rainier Beach High School in Seattle later transferring to nearby Renton High School.
Competed at 19:30.
Facilities.
The newspaper was issued twice a week until 1882, when it became a daily publication. The issue increased then from one page to four pages with news, literature and ads. It was printed in local workshops in Maracaibo until López Rivas created in 1881 his own publishing house, Imprenta Americana. This publishing house had the most advanced techniques of the time and that made possible to issue a modern newspaper of high quality in printing and graphic arts.
Recognition.
Garrisons and Depot.
In June 2012, stakeholders were told that construction of the pipeline was behind schedule.

Alafaya, Florida
Semi-finals.
"Looking Hot" is a song by American rock band No Doubt, released as the second and final single from their sixth studio album, "Push and Shove". It was written by Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal and Tom Dumont, and produced by Mark 'Spike' Stent. The song placed at number 44 in PopJustice's Top 45 singles for the year 2012. The single became No Doubt's least successful single, charting at number 397 in the UK Singles Chart, partly because their music video was pulled a day after it was released.
Synuchus adelosia

Synuchus sinuaticollis
Archie uses reality-bending powers to show us the unseen world around us in microscopic detail, covering a broad spectrum of content from human biology to physics via explosive chemistry and gory zoology. Together, the two of them open our eyes to the wonders of science - but often misjudge the impact of their experiments, as an explosion of science, comedy and chaos unfolds.
Notagonum curiosum
Episode 3: Blue Collar, Pink Pumps.
