In 1918/19, arising from the post-war reconstruction of the club, and in deference to the many players from Guildford, the Club’s name was again changed to the Midland Guildford Cricket Club. Only a B-Grade team played in the competition for this season.
Unlike the various factions throughout Yugoslavia which composed the League of Communists of Yugoslavia, the "Communist Party of Kosovo" was founded in 1944 "after" the new country was formed. The status of an honorary autonomous province was presented to ethnic Albanian communists who helped the Yugoslav partisans in their struggles during World War II, carved out from the section of the former Ottoman province within the Socialist Republic of Serbia (i.e. whilst one chunk of the former province was given to Albania in 1912, the other sections of it were awarded to Yugoslavia's newly created republics: Montenegro and Macedonia). The new party was given the task of running certain local affairs. In 1952, the party was renamed the "League of Communists of Kosovo".
Nude with Yellow Flower is a 1994 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
<doc id="39620170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39620170" title="The Man on the Burning Tightrope">
The (Ense3) (National Superior School of Energy, Water, and the Environment) is one of the engineering schools of the '. As a ', students are admitted through a nationwide competitive examination. It was formed by the merger of the ' (ENSHM) (National Superior School of Hydraulics and Mechanics of Grenoble) and the ' (ENSIEG) (National Superior School of Electrical Engineers of Grenoble).
In 1992, Hayden was introduced to the local theater scene, where he evolved to costume designs. In 2001, he was appointed as the 1st Chief Costume Designer for Singapore's National Day Parade. Hayden worked on Singapore's National Day Parade from 2001 - 2003. In 2006, Hayden was nominated for the Straits Times’ 6th LIFE! Theatre Awards for best costume designer. Hayden also designed the new ceremonial attire for the Singapore Disabled Athletes for the Far East and South Pacific Games for the Disabled 2006(FESPIC) in Kuala Lumpur that year. 
It has been reported that they will perform at The Mirage in Las Vegas. As winners of "Britain's Got Talent", they performed at the Royal Variety Performance on 9 December 2013.
Presenters and staff.
