

On August 12, 2012, in a highly unexpected development, President Morsi forced into retirement senior SCAF generals, led by Mohamed Hussein Tantawi and Sami Hafez Anan, who had been ruling the country since the deposition of President Mubarak. Morsi also invalidated a "constitutional declaration" previously imposed by the military council to expand the military leaders' own powers and reduce those of the presidency and to claim legislative and other authority. Morsi afterwards functioned in his presidential capacities, while the issues of the new constitution and parliament were being contested. In November 2012, Morsi was credited for arranging a truce in the escalating Palestinian armed conflict between Gaza's Hamas governing faction and Israel.
From the 1880s, the pro-imperialist governments of Prime Ministers John Gordon Sprigg and Cecil Rhodes turned a blind eye to white incursions. Already by 1882, white settlers had illegally moved north of the Great Kei River and, in the same year, Chief Ngangelizwe himself sold territory within Umtata district to white land owners. 
Tulkara railway station was the 4th station on the Navarre railway line halfway between Navarre and Landsborough. In 1916 funds were made available for the addition of three weighbridges at Navarre, Tulkara and Wal Wal. Now closed, little remains of the station itself other than a mound of earth and a few scattered pieces of timber. The railway tracks, having been removed some time ago, were replaced in part with roads to service local farmers.
CD Operário currently plays in the Segunda Divisão Série Centro which is the third tier of Portuguese football. The club was founded in 1948 and they play their home matches at the João Gualberto Borges Arruda in Lagoa. The stadium is able to accommodate 2,500 spectators.
Meru University of Science and Technology (MUST) is a public university near Meru, Kenya. It is situated in Nchiru, 15 kilometres North East of Meru, along Meru-Makutano-Maua Highway. It offers courses in Engineering, Science, Information Technology and Business related.
Umberto Marcheggiani (born 12 June 1943) is an Italian former wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Early life.
Pilodeudorix catori
N69 Eindhoven - Aalst - Valkenswaard - Borkel en Schaft

Joseph Chamberlain (disambiguation)
Ait M'Hamed is a small town and rural commune in Azilal Province of the Tadla-Azilal region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 21742 people living in 3190 households.
Career.
