Agena may refer to:
Contrast detail curves, which depict the functional relationship between image resolution and contrast resolution, can be produced using this type of data.
They packaged patterns, instruction sheets, and fabric swatches and shipped them out to places throughout the United States.
In the foreword, Gygax writes about the genesis of the rules:
On detonation the mine will normally propel lethal fragmentation to a range between 75 and 125 meters. The actual hazard range for this mines can be as high as 160 metres (this is directly in front of the mine, fragmentation range and density drop off to 125 meters to the sides and rear of these mines). Always be alert for well concealed blast mines laid along tripwires (don't get tripwire fixation).
Chimnaji was magnanimous in victory, and surviving Portuguese were given a safe passage from the city. Legends also speak of his emulating Shivaji by returning with honor a woman of Portuguese governor’s household who was presented to him as a spoil of war. Portuguese were given eight days to take all their movable property and move out. Accordingly the last remnants of Portuguese army and administration pulled out of Vasai by 23 May 1739.
History.
He joined the Bradford Bulls in the European Super League from the 2009 season.
Le Smoking
He served in the Union Army during the Civil War.
<doc id="5006048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5006048" title="Ralph Thomas">
In quantum computing, the Gottesman–Knill theorem is a theoretical result by Daniel Gottesman and Emanuel Knill that states that an important subclass of quantum circuits, called stabilizer circuits, can be efficiently simulated on a classical computer. Stabilizer circuits are circuits that only use gates from the normalizer of the qubit Pauli group; this is referred to as the Clifford group, though this has nothing to do with the Clifford algebra.

Beerwah ( or ) is a rural town and a locality in the hinterland of the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. It is situated north of Glass House Mountains, approximately north of Brisbane, and just south of Landsborough. The main road through Beerwah is called Steve Irwin Way. It was formerly known as the Glasshouse Mountain Tourist Route and is accessed by the Bruce Highway, which bypassed the town in 1985. Beerwah is administered by the Sunshine Coast Regional Council. At the 2006 census, Beerwah had a population of 1,626, with a further 2,636 people living in the surrounding locality.
The first instruction given quite emphatically is that, unless ordered to evacuate, "THE ORDER IS 'STAY PUT' " as in original. The roads were not to be blocked by refugees. Further warnings were given not to believe rumours and not to spread them, to be distrustful of orders that might be faked and even to check that an officer giving orders really is British. Further: keep calm and report anything suspicious quickly and accurately; deny useful things to the enemy such as food, fuel, maps or transport; be ready to block roads—when ordered to do so—"by felling trees, wiring them together or blocking the roads with cars"; to organise resistance at shops and factories; and, finally:
After the British government's plans to implement a three-strikes policy for file sharing copyright infringement, Allen came out in support for disconnecting repeat offenders. Creating a blog titled ""It's Not Alright"" against file sharing, it subsequently came to light that she had copied text directly from the Techdirt website of an interview with 50 Cent, without attribution. This led to an exchange on the World Wide Web, which culminated in accusations being made that Allen had infringed on other artists' copyrights by creating mix tapes early in her career, that she then made available via her website. A group of supporters of filesharing launched a denial of service attack dubbed Operation Payback that shut down Allen's website and targeted other critics.
Paraboloidal coordinates are a three-dimensional orthogonal coordinate system formula_1 that generalizes the two-dimensional parabolic coordinate system. Similar to the related ellipsoidal coordinates, the paraboloidal coordinate system has orthogonal quadratic coordinate surfaces that are "not" produced by rotating or projecting any two-dimensional orthogonal coordinate system.
<doc id="5007712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5007712" title="Story of My Life (novel)">
<doc id="5007950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5007950" title="Alexandra Hills, Queensland">
According to Buddhist theory, it is the intention (motivation) behind an action, rather than the outward appearance, that determines the effect. For example, if the outward appearance of an action is benevolent, yet the intention behind the action is based in greed, anger or hatred, then the fruit of those actions will bear testimony to the fundamental intention that lay behind them and will be a cause for future unhappiness.
The 853d Electronic Systems Group (853 ELSG) executed a $2.6 billion Fiscal Year Defense Plan budget with 260 personnel. The group acquired, fielded and sustained mission critical fixed and deployable airborne, space and ground-based Communication, Navigation, Surveillance/Air Traffic Management and landing systems. The group also certified CNS/ATM systems to meet warfighting requirements for access to global airspace vital to AF Global Attack, Rapid Global Mobility and joint operations worldwide.
