Since 2010, Whitton's music has been used in various feature films, television programs and commercials. In 2012, "I Fell In Love" (from "Whitton EP") was used in a national Valentine's commercial as part of the "Crazy, Cupid, Love" promotional campaign for The CW's teen television series Gossip Girl. The same track is used by Swedish home shopping and e-commerce company Ellos, as well as by Delta Air Lines' in-flight entertainment, Munchkin Inc., a designer and manufacturer of infant and toddler products, and placement in MTV's reality-based, docudrama television series . The song "All I Want to Do" (from "Rare Bird") was used in the comedy film "She Wants Me" with Hilary Duff and Charlie Sheen. "Monster" was used in the indie horror flick "Among Friends." And a section of non-album track "Mercy" was featured in the independent romantic comedy film "Exit Strategy" with Big Boy and Kevin Hart. Additionally, Whitton was a guest vocalist on Showtime's drama series Dexter.

Bernard van Cutsem (1916–1975) was an English horsebreeder and racehorse trainer.
Swan Hill Regional Art Gallery is a public gallery, established in 1966, and which opened in its current building, designed by Australian architect Ian Douglas, in 1987. In 2013, expansion plans were announced, including a proposed increase in teaching workshop space.
The brigade's War Diary records that a week before the Battle of the Coral Sea of 4–7 May 1942, it was ordered on 29 April to move from Tomago near Newcastle to Greta in preparation for embarkation to Port Moresby, New Guinea. The Battle of the Coral Sea saw the Japanese suffer a heavy naval defeat, which forced them to refocus their efforts on securing Port Moresby by an overland attack across the Owen Stanley Range along the Kokoda Track from beachheads in the Buna–Gona–Sanananda area of north-east Papua New Guinea.
Zacharias Chaliabalias (; born 1946 in Thessaloniki) is a former Greek international footballer that spend his entire career with Iraklis playing as a centre-back. 
<doc id="40719037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40719037" title="Fisherman Island">
<doc id="40719436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40719436" title="Flying Squadron (1870)">
"Lost Girl" is the second episode of the third season of the American fantasy drama series "Once Upon a Time", and the show's 46th episode overall. It was first broadcast on October 6, 2013. This episode features the core characters continuing to search for Henry (Jared S. Gilmore).

Together with Miguel A. F. Sanjuán (Rey Juan Carlos University , Spain) he was the editor of the book Recent Progress In Controlling Chaos. 
Akkaoui founded the Center for Strategic Studies, a non-governmental non-profit organization dedicated to raising awareness on employment issues and developing resources strategies. The association provides guidance to the government on labor economic policies, especially the strong relationship between foreign direct investment and the labor market.
<doc id="40722538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40722538" title="Longs Chapel">
Abu Umayya ibn Al-Mughira
Guam had undergone change after three centuries of colonialism. While men dominated the political sphere, women became active participants in organizations that are socially, religiously, and culturally oriented. Roman Catholicism also brought change in Guam. One of them is the rendering of "higher status" to the role of men in government, business and church while to women were delegated roles that are related to controlling resources of the family. After the recent half century, some women of Guam experienced being elected as political officials and as leaders in many civic and governmental organizations.

During May 1864, the Fighting 9th Massachusetts Regiment fought in the Wilderness Campaign.
Selected Publications.
Excavations were conducted by staff from the University of Michigan in 1927 and from Michigan State University in 1965.
<doc id="40725632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40725632" title="Yuva (disambiguation)">



Biography.

Production is owned by Star India .To produce bengali films and distribute bengali films.
Poninskiøyra
The journal has a particular focus on materials concerning the archaeological investigations in Bulgaria and the neighbouring Balkan regions, as well as protection and socialization of the culture-historical and archaeological heritage in both national and international aspect. This is the only journal in Bulgaria that gives voice to a great variety of issues that at the same time facilitates optimal presentational opportunities in terms of interpretation and graphic illustration. The journal shares and introduces best practices and standards from established and peer-reviewed journals in order to create and maintain a high quality scientific magazine.
Dan Warner
Aftermath.

All matches.

Born in 1943, Brierley earned a B.S. in chemical engineering from the University of Maryland and an MBA from Harvard Business School with a Baker Scholar distinction. After graduating, Brierley worked as a research assistant for Harvard professor Charles M. Williams and co-founded Epsilon Data Management with former Harvard classmates in 1968. 
Finkin graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, then with an LL.B. from New York University, an LL.M. from Yale University. He worked at the Southern Methodist University from 1976 to 1988, before moving to the University of Illinois in 1988.
Kulabad (, also Romanized as Kūlābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 27 families. 

James Hyde (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania b. 1958) is an American painter, sculptor and photographer who has worked in New York City since the early 1980s. He is represented by Horton Gallery in New York and exhibits internationally with Schau Ort, Zurich, Switzerland and Galerie Les Filles du Calvaire, Paris, France. He also has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art and the Guggenheim Museum and has exhibited at the Brooklyn Museum and the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.
