Sydney John Bennett (7 February 1905 – 15 August 1969) was an English cricketer. Bennett was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm slow. He was born at Hackleton, Northamptonshire.
Athletes who wish to compete in para-athletics must first have a classification evaluation. During this, they both undergo a medical assessment and are asked to demonstrate skills in athletics, such as pushing a racing wheelchair and throwing. A determination is then made as to what an classification an athlete should compete in. Classifications may be Confirmed or Review status. For athletes who do not have access to a full classification panel, Provisional classification is available; this is a temporary Review classification, considered an indication of class only, and generally used only in lower levels of competition.
Passarella's professional umpiring career began in the 1930s with the Cotton States League, which consisted largely of black players before the major league color line was broken. After that league dissolved, Passarella moved on to the Texas League. He umpired there for eight years before signing on to the American League.


The origins of Typhoon Judy can be traced back from a highly active monsoon trough along the low-latitudes of the Western Pacific basin in the first week of September. Two tropical disturbances soon developed, the first of which later spawned Typhoon Irving. By September 4, the systems developed a surface circulation. Later that day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the second system. This system rapidly became better organized, and on September 5, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) starting watching the second system. Following an increase in organized thunderstorm activity near the center, the JTWC started issuing warnings on Tropical Depression 19 at 1600 UTC that day. At 2200 UTC on September 6, Hurricane Hunters reported winds of and a pressure of . Based on this, both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded the depression into Tropical Storm Judy early the next day.
Football Kenya Federation
George H. Clay (February 14, 1911 – October 11, 1995) was president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City from 1961 to 1976.
