Peter von Biron
In a 2008 "New York Times" interview, actor Sean Hayes revealed he is working on a television project called "Bi-Coastal" about "a guy with a wife and kids in California and a boyfriend in New York."
In 2009 takes place the establishment of Power Projects Limited, subsidiary of METKA, in Turkey.

References.
<doc id="11460055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11460055" title="Ron Climie">
WTTF was acquired by Anthony Paradiso’s Tiffin Broadcasting II, LLC, on the week of February 21, 2014, after Stephan's arrangement to donate the signal to Heidelberg University failed to be consummated. (Paradiso was a partner with Stephen on the previous incarnation of Tiffin Broadcasting.) Consequently, WTTF dropped Stephen's "Good Day" programming from the schedule in favor of a locally-hosted morning drive program hosted by John Spahr. The station's oldies format is also expected to continue despite the upcoming closedown of "The True Oldies Channel."
USS "Oriole" (AMCU-33) was a of the United States Navy, later converted to an AMCU-7-class coastal minesweeper.

"Citation:"
"Evander Holyfield's "Real Deal" Boxing" is a boxing video game that was developed by ACME Interactive and published by Sega in 1992, released for the Sega Genesis and Sega Game Gear consoles. It was followed by a sequel in 1994, "Greatest Heavyweights", which featured a number of improvements.
The community is located 6 miles east of Cotton at the intersection of Saint Louis County Road 52 (Comstock Lake Road) and County Road 224 (Mink Road).

In June 2006, the hospital opened its new burn victims ward, the National Burn Centre. The facility cost NZ$ 7.2 million to construct and equip, and treats the most complex burn cases from all over the country, as well as around 400 local and regional burn cases per year. However, the facility still has not been able to achieve its full planned complement of 5 surgeons, finding it difficult to attract doctors who can achieve much higher pay in private practice and may not want to work in the difficult conditions required to treat burn victims (which for example include body-temperature hot, almost 100% humidity air in the operating theatre).
Zoo Tycoon (series)
Deborah Lynne Fuller (born 24 June 1966) is a former competition diver who represented Canada at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984. She won a bronze medal at the 1987 Pan American Games in Indianapolis, Indiana and two gold medals at the 1986 Commonwealth Games.
Mike Garnham
The question before the court was, in the words of Justice Gaudron, “In consequence of the amendments embodied in the Sex Discrimination and other Legislation Amendment Act 1992 and/or the Law and Justice Legislation Amendment Act 1993 as they affect the Racial Discrimination Act 1975 are any, and if so which, of the provisions of Part III of the Racial Discrimination Act 1975 invalid?”
Crocodilians.
