In the 1980s, the two remaining paddle steamers on Lake Zürich – "Stadt Rapperswil" and "Stadt Zürich" – had been replaced by modern diesel powered ships on daily service; practically they are in service on Sundays, except as of 1986 summer season and again since 2003/4. Urgent repairs to the decks, tail digging trenches disguising, boilers and paddlewheels were made from 1979 to 1981. The rusted paddle boxes were replaced, the day rooms removed and toilets replaced. The paddle steamer received a new water supply and diesel pumps. In the trunk, an additional bulkhead was installed and a hydraulic steering gear. In 1983, the administration board of the ZSG decided preservation of the two remaining steamships. «150 years steam navigation on the Lake Zürich» were celebrated with various activities in 1985. In winter 1989/90, "Stadt Zürich" was improved to the same technical niveau as her sister ship "Stadt Rapperswil": The two old steam-boilers were replaced by a new one, her wooden deck is replaced to 70%, and the wooden stairs to the 1st class were refurbished. Additionally, the salon and the smoke stack were restored to their original appearances. The renovation cost three million Swiss francs of public money; «Aktion pro Raddampfer» association paid 200,000 francs by private donations. On June 21, 1990, "Stadt Zürich" resumed her tourist service. 
WAOG-LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Aberdeen, North Carolina, serving the Aberdeen/Whispering Pines area. WAOG-LP is owned and operated by Calvary Chapel of the Sandhills.
<doc id="22487215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22487215" title="Alexandre Bigot">
Marble Island is bare rock, located above the treeline, and with only a small amount of plant life, primarily lichens and mosses. Thus, there is only a limited amount of territorial wildlife, primary the polar bear, the arctic fox, the arctic hare, and lemmings. A large variety of birds visit the island, including ducks, raptors, and unidentified "small brown birds". A great number of sea mammals can be found nearby, including several kinds of whales and seals. Due to the large amount of oceanic life, Marble Island is a traditional summer hunting ground for the Inuit.
The Athletic Training Clinic is located on the first floor of the McCue Center. It is a area and divided into regions for rehabilitation, taping, patient evaluation, and hydrotherapy. The hydrotherapy area includes an 8' x 8' deep water running pool, a 10' x 40' multilevel ambulation pool and an octagonal whirlpool with an adjacent cold tank. The Clinic also includes a room in which minor surgery can be performed, a conference room, and multiple offices for staff Athletic Trainers, Graduate Assistants, and Student Athletic Trainers.
La Salle High School Multan
