
History.
The frequency in this case is called the "damped natural frequency", formula_15 and is related to the undamped natural frequency by the following formula:
During the 19th century Hindu reform movements arose, creating "neo-Hinduism", a modern synthetic understanding of classical Hinduism and modern philosophy and spirituality. Representants of this Hindu modernism are Ramakrishna, Sri Aurobindo and Radakrishnan. An important influence is the Theosophy from Annie Besant.
The field of plasma physics deals with phenomena of electromagnetic nature that involve very high temperatures. It is customary to express temperature as energy in units of electronvolts (eV) or kiloelectronvolts (keV). The energy, which has a different dimension from temperature, is then calculated as the product of the Boltzmann constant and temperature, formula_6. Then, 1 eV corresponds to . In the study of QCD matter one routinely encounters temperatures of the order of a few hundred MeV, equivalent to about .
A "Winmodem" or "softmodem" is a stripped-down modem that replaces tasks traditionally handled in hardware with software. In this case the modem is a simple interface designed to act as a digital-to-analog and an analog-to-digital converter. Softmodems are cheaper than traditional modems because they have fewer hardware components. However, the software generating and interpreting the modem tones to be sent to the softmodem uses many system resources. For online gaming, this can be a real concern. Another problem is the lack of cross-platform compatibility, meaning that non-Windows operating systems (such as Linux) often do not have an equivalent driver to operate the modem.
<doc id="20647364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647364" title="Museti">

<doc id="20647813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20647813" title="Qərəh">
DMCA Title III modified section 117 of the copyright title so that those repairing computers could make certain temporary, limited copies while working on a computer. It reversed the precedent set in "MAI Systems Corp. v. Peak Computer, Inc.", 991 F.2d 511 (9th Cir. 1993).
"Singl ploče (1976–1980)" at Discogs
After the infamous trials of the Templars in France and the subsequent orders of Pope Clement V to dissolve the order, most countries complied, ceding Templar lands to the Hospitallers. Kings Denis of Portugal and James II of Aragon both proclaimed they found no fault of heresy, blasphemy or immorality in the Templars in their respective realms. This was not surprising since the Templars had become key to the success of the Reconquista in Spain and Portugal and their vast holdings were critical to the continued security of these kingdoms. Ceding the Templar holdings to the Hospitallers posed a threat of foreign control of significant portions of both countries. Both kings sought to circumvent these outcomes and in Spain James II convinced Pope John XXII in 1317 to form the Order of Montesa which received the bulk of Templar lands in Aragon and Valencia. In Portugal, the result of long negotiations with the pope by King Dinis resulted in the formation of another new order, the Order of Christ formed in 1320, which saw not only the vast holdings in Portugal ceded to this new order, but also a great number of Templars themselves quietly joined the order. The problems caused by the downfall of the Knights Templar Orders in Valencia and Portugal were solved by the creation of two new orders, the difference being the Order of Montessa was given Templar and Hospitaller lands while the Order of Christ was simply a transition of the Templars and their holdings in Portugal.
