
Kansas Academy of Mathematics and Science
A primary election for Democrats and Republicans was held on May 18. Other parties have other procedures for nominating candidates.

Cutting Edge Haunted House
<doc id="24649829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24649829" title="Basil Moore">

Along with Australian captain Ricky Ponting, the Tasmanian squad has three other players who have represented Australia at International level: Ben Hifenhaus, Brett Geeves and Tim Paine. "The last six months there have been six players from our program play for Australia or Australia A. That is 25 per cent of our squad with International experience in some way — it is a good result. If you look at it from that point of view we are doing something right," said Coyle commenting on the sides International success.
Acclaim.
In 1332 During the a between Poland and the Teutonic order, Casimir's stronghold of Gniewkowo was besieged. Not wanting to fall into enemy hands, Casimir abandoned the place after burning his castle. The Teutonic Knights captured the whole Kuyavia and Casimir was forced into exile. Only after the agreement Kalisz in 1343 did Casimir recover his duchy.
Media Wales
Qalqilya Zoo is a small zoo in the Palestinian city of Qalqilya on the western edge of the West Bank. Established in 1986, it is the only municipal zoo in the Palestinian territories. The zoo houses 170 animals, a natural history museum, a children's entertainment park, and an on-site restaurant.

Combat experience with the Yak-9K showed that although the NS-45 cannon proved deadly to enemy aircraft, realistically only its first shot could be aimed. A three-round burst, even when fired near the maximum airspeed of the Yak-9K, resulted in a noticeable loss of both airspeed and stability of the aircraft. Sometimes oil and water lines sprung leaks after the gun was fired. Firing the NS-45 at airspeeds below 350 km/h even shook the pilot back and forth as if in an automobile suddenly decelerating and accelerating.
