Published works.
Recent history.
The JAAF acquired, in April 1945, the license, schemes and technical drawings for manufacturing the Ta 152 in Japan. During the last stages of the conflict in Germany, with the plight of the Japanese armed forces growing ever bleaker, a very large influx of the latest aviation technology Germany had to offer was given to or bought by both the Japanese army and naval air arms in the hopes that it would stem the tide of defeats and ever increasing pressure by the superior aircraft the Allies were putting into the field.
According to Smith:
Virginia.
The musical group Between the Buried and Me has a reference to "Kryptos" in their song "Obfuscation" from the 2009 album, "The Great Misdirect".
As of February 1, 2014, ten Syrian pounds converts to 0.44 Norwegian kroner. 20 NOK is over 45.4 times the value of the Syrian coin. While not easy to find in Norway, the Syrian coins are still used in automated machines there with such frequency that Posten Norge, the Norwegian postal service, decided to close many of their coins-to-cash machines on February 18, 2006, with plans to develop a system able to differentiate between the two coins. In the summer of 2005, a Norwegian man was sentenced to 30 days, suspended, for having used Syrian coins in arcade machines in the municipality of Bærum.

Entertainment:
"", directed by Chris Angel, written by Alex Wright, was released in 2001. Divoff did not return for this film and the Djinn was instead played by John Novak. To defeat the Djinn in this film, the Waker wishes for the aid of the angel Michael and with his sword eventually kills the Djinn.
Sovata
The flag of Belize features the coat of arms in its center.
1992 Jenkins Showler Galleries, White Rock, British Columbia 

Politics and governance.
Craig Washington
Before October 1510 he was in Siena, where he painted the exterior of Palazzo Chigi in monochrome chiaroscuro with scenes from the Bible and from Antiquity, the first such work seen in Siena (Bartalini 2001:553). His painting at this time began to show distinct Florentine influences, especially of Fra Bartolommeo. His exterior frescoed stucco
The book is also notable for its introduction, written by Pynchon. His comments on the stories after reading them again for the first time in many years, and his recollection of the events surrounding their creation, amount to the author's only autobiographical comments to his readers.
Kinder Scout featured on the 2005 BBC TV programme "Seven Natural Wonders" as one of the wonders of the Midlands, though Kinder Scout is considered by many to be in Northern England, lying between the cities of Manchester and Sheffield.
The early feminist movement began to argue for the improvement of women's education in the 1860s: Emily Davies and Barbara Bodichon met through their activism at the Society for the Employment of Women and the Englishwoman's Review. They shared the aim of securing women's admission to university.
<doc id="457614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=457614" title="Chuck Robb">

Since November 1995, de Chastelain has been involved in the Northern Ireland peace process and from 1997 to 2011 he was Chairman of the Independent International Commission on Decommissioning, which was responsible for ensuring the decommissioning of arms by paramilitary groups in Northern Ireland. He has made an impact on the way that Britain has viewed the IRA since the decommissioning has begun. As part of the Good Friday Agreement an independent neutral adjudicator was selected to look over the disarmament of Republican and Loyalist paramilitary weapons in Northern Ireland.
The Earls Cadogan are very wealthy landowners, having planned and developed and still owning much of Chelsea in London, and second only to the Duke of Westminster as Central London's richest landlords (whose surname, Grosvenor, is also closely associated with some of the most ornate London architecture).
Main Characters: Cybersquad.
The same word "pachuco" is used in Costa Rica to define Costa Rican slang. It nevertheless differs from the Mexican slang.
Other products.
The term "tholin" was coined by astronomer Carl Sagan and his colleague Bishun Khare to describe the difficult-to-characterize substances he obtained in his Urey-Miller-type experiments on the gas mixtures that are found in Titan's atmosphere. It is not a specific compound but is a term generally used to describe the reddish, organic component of planetary surfaces. 
The band broke into the UK Singles Chart and the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at the beginning of 1983 with "Lies" and "Love On Your Side", which became the band's first UK Top 10 single. They then released their third album, "Quick Step and Side Kick" (called simply "Side Kicks" in the US), which peaked at number 2 in the UK and was later certified platinum there. Further singles followed with "We Are Detective" (another Top 10 UK hit) and "Watching". All three received songwriting credits, though the band publicly acknowledged Bailey as the songwriter, with Currie contributing lyrics and Leeway focusing on the stage show. During 1983, the band had the opening spot on The Police concert tour in the US.
Music.

History.
In 2005 they won the award for best exhibition at the Royal International Air Tattoo at Fairford, England. They were the first non-Russian unit to receive the Russian Silver Medal for Aeronautical Merit. On 8 September 2007 the Frecce Tricolori took part at the funeral of Luciano Pavarotti in Modena and honoured him with a fly-past leaving green-white-red smoke trails.
Tecumseh's War.
137 (one hundred thirty-seven) is the natural number following 136 and preceding 138.
