Carmona held two titles the Mexican lightweight title, and the WBC lightweight title. He now has 6 grandchildren. two from each of his daughters and none from his son. Mitzy Munoz and Cindy Munoz from his daughter Dianey.

Warren King (born 1 April 1955) is a former professional Australian snooker player. His best run in a ranking event was to the final of the Mercantile Credit Classic in 1990, where he lost 10-6 to Steve James. He never managed to get into the top 32, his highest ranking being 35. He qualified for the World Championship four times, but never progressed passed the first round.
The École Nationale Supérieure de Techniques Avancées de Bretagne () often referred as ENSTA Bretagne formerly ENSIETA is a French grande école of engineering. The ENSTA Bretagne is a higher education establishment and a research centre run under the supervision of the French ministry of defence. ENSTA Bretagne is partly a military academy for engineers because it trains engineers for the armed forces, although nowadays the majority (80%) of trainees are civilians. The ENSTA Bretagne is located in Brest, France.

Letters of reprimand were issued to Colonel Charles Preysler, Lieutenant Colonel William Ostlund and Captain Myer for "failing to properly prepare defenses" at Wanat, Pentagon officials said March 12.
Italian singer Gianni Morandi covered "Elenore" as "Scende la pioggia."
Upon entering Tele-Arena for the first time players are asked to create their character. Under normal configuration, only one Tele-Arena character can be created for each MajorBBS account.

Gray's Sporting Journal -
Texas Rig -
Trinidad and Tobago are members of CONCACAF, which governs association football in North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. Trinidad and Tobago are also members of the Caribbean Football Union and compete in regional competitions staged by the governing body. At the club level, CFU organises an annual competition, called the CFU Club Championship, open to the champions of each Caribbean's football association first-division. Presently, the TT Pro League has two automatic qualification places given to the top 2 teams in the league standings following each season. The league champion is automatically seeded and enter the competition in the Second Round, whereas the league runner-up enter in the First Round.

Amygdalea, Kozani
Prequel trilogy.
The Taipei Metro Wanlong Station is a station on the Xindian Line located in Wenshan District, Taipei, Taiwan. It was a former station of now-defunct Xindian Line of the Taiwan Railway Administration.
Mad Shadows (novel)
Episodes.
Dr. Sir Warrior was from Umuhu Enyiogugu in Aboh Mbaise local government area of Imo state Nigeria. His name, Obinna, means ""Father's Heart"" (God's Mind). Dr Sir Warrior began performing at the age of 11, when joined a men's choral group specialising in a music form known as Èsè. By 16, he had achieved fame for his voice and performance of Èsè music.
Bavarian P 3/5 H
The new line that was opened in 1919 was built a few kilometres east into the villages of Yerrinbool, Alpine, Aylmerton and Balaclava. This line is still in use but Yerrinbool is the only Northern Village to retain an open railway station.

The village has a population of 8.
Burir Char


The 2001 FA Charity Shield was the 79th FA Charity Shield, a football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 12 August 2001 between 2000–01 Premier League champions Manchester United and 2000–01 FA Cup winners Liverpool. The match ended 2–1 to Liverpool, the fourth of five trophies they would win in 2001.
Kupno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Euro NCAP also states that it "believes that the star rating of the i-MiEV can also be applied to the Citroën C-Zero" because the agency was informed that the Citroën C-Zero is structurally identical to the Mitsubishi i-MiEV and has the same interior fitting and levels of safety equipment.
Inspector Steel
