7th Armored Brigade (Israel)
40 Greatest Hits is a two-record compilation that, true to the title, contains forty hit singles from country music icon Hank Williams. It was released in 1978 by Mercury Records — who under PolyGram became responsible for the MGM tape vault — on the 25th year anniversary of Williams' death. Significantly, it was the first anthology in quite some time that did not subject Williams' recordings to either rechanneled stereo, posthumous overdubs, artificial duets with family members (like his son Hank Jr.), or most or all of the above. Because of both this, and the value-for-money attraction of having a deeper song selection than previous single-disc compilations issued previously by MGM Records, many reviewers consider this anthology to be the perfect starting point for newcomers to Williams' recorded legacy.
On 12 August 2011, a former Mayor of Negombo and a Former Minister of the Parliament Mr. Ananda Munasinghe was allegedly charged and arrested by the Negombo Police for Dislodging the Statue of Rukmani Devi, erected on her grave by one of her fans Mrs. Sriyani Achala Dissanayake. Several popular media bloated this incident as an attack by an unidentified group of criminals to Rukmani Devi's grave and a protest rally to this incident was also organised in Negombo on 14 August 2011. However later it was revealed that Mr. Ananda Munasinghe who is also the Son-in-Law of Bernard Aloysius Jayamanne (B. A. W. Jayamanne) is in fact the present owner of this grave and he has dislodged the statue to erect a proper statue of Rukmani Devi as the statue which was erected earlier was a disrespect to the beauty and looks of Rukmani Devi.
The movements and styles popular in the United States and Britain were not totally ignored in Canada. Several landmark Art Deco structures were erected, such as the Vancouver City Hall and the Marine Building also in that city and Commerce Court North in Toronto. The Georgian revival that was underway in the United States also made some incursions to Canada, as did diverse styles such as Egyptian Revival and Spanish Colonial styles.
Havant & Waterlooville.
