Playing career.
The Collector had five judicial amins employed in the city of Poona where from the extent of the population and the spirit of litigation which prevailed the demand for justice was particularly heavy. In June 1822 mamlatdars were empowered to decide causes to the amount of £10 (Rs. 100). The amins, besides deciding causes themselves, aided juries by recording and shaping their proceedings and generally in forming and superintending these courts of arbitration. The period within which suits for debt and personal property might be entertained was limited as in other Deccan districts to twenty-four years, and it extended agreeably to the custom of the country to seventy years for claims founded on the mortgage of vatans. No time was fixed after which appeals were not received, nor were appellants in general compelled to enter into bonds for the payment of a fine if their complaint proved frivolous, though this was done in some few instances when the complaint was suspected to be vexatious. Decrees were executed in the usual manner by distraint of property and personal restraint; if necessary, houses were sometimes sold, but the implements of trade were usually spared unless no other property was forthcoming. No definite rules were established in regard to the period of imprisonment for debt if the debtor failed to satisfy the demand upon him. Creditors requiring the confinement of debtors paid them subsistence money Report (1822), 70. After the appointment of a Registrar, the returns both civil and criminal were regularly furnished.
The Swift is mostly built from composite materials; flying surfaces and the fuselage are formed from composite sandwiches and the wing and tailplane have carbon fibre spars. It has a low wing of trapezoidal plan with slightly upturned tips, fitted with Frise ailerons and slotted flaps. The rear surfaces are also trapezoidal. There is a trim tab in the elevator and a ground adjustable tab on the rudder.
All songs written by Michael Wachelhofer/Steve Wachelhofer, except "Breathing for You" written by Markus Bousska/Michael Wachelhofer/Steve Wachelhofer, "Like a Stranger" written by Patricia Hillinger/Michael Wachelhofer/Steve Wachelhofer


He was the father of the medallist Johann Georg Holtzhey. He worked in the Hague, Amsterdam, Harderwijk and Middelburg. In 1722 he joined the Lutheran church of Amsterdam and he married there in 1725, the same year that he entered the silversmith's guild. The next year his son Johann Georg was born, and in 1636 his youngest son Martin Jr. was born. He started striking medals for special occasions and made a name for himself among collectors in this way, making medals for major events, to mark an anniversary, or simply to herald in a new year. Examples are his 1736 medal in honor of the 200th anniversary of Menno Simons leaving the Catholic faith, and his 1740 medal in celebration of the 300th anniversary of Laurens Janszoon Coster's discovery of moveable type. When Holtzhey struck such "historical medals", he often included a paper explaining the symbolism he used on them, a tradition that was continued later by his son Johann Georg. His medals were popular with wealthy followers of the enlightenment, such as Pieter Teyler van der Hulst. The medals in his collection are among the few items collected by Teyler himself that are still part of the inventory of Teylers Museum today, such as his 1736 medal struck for completing the Lutheran church of Rotterdam.


<doc id="34762425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34762425" title="AETC Studies and Analysis">
Distribution.
Projects and Missions.

Richard Edgar is a national ITV and former BBC weatherman from Brighouse.
Nautische Instrumente Mühle Glashütte
Professional career.

Eisenbahn-Unfalluntersuchungsstelle des Bundes
Agostina Segatori became famous for her relationship in the spring of 1887 with Vincent van Gogh, who lived in Paris from 1886 until 1888. We have little information on this relationship as Vincent van Gogh lived at the time with his brother, and we have very little of his correspondence from this period. However Agostina Segatori was cited in two letters by the painter.
In Slovenia:
Edward Denman Clarke was born on 21 May 1898 in the Grand Duchy of Finland, where his St Petersburg-based family had a hunting lodge. He was educated at Eton College.
