<doc id="32409553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32409553" title="Henry Richards (clergyman)">
Xanthocastnia
(a) an "act of a firm" means any act or omission by all the partners, or by any partner or agent of the firm which gives rise to a right enforceable by or against the firm; 

International cooperation is primarily coordinated by the UNESCO. It has been laid down in the Second Protocol, Art. 24 that an international committee is to be constituted for the protection of cultural property during armed conflicts. This committee convenes annually and is supported by the UNESCO Secretariat (Second Protocol, Art. 28). Every four years, the signatory states report to the committee on the implementation of the Second Protocol. In 2015, with the revision of the Act on the Protection of Cultural Property, the stipulations of the Second Protocol, which Switzerland ratified in 2004, will be integral part of Swiss law. Switzerland has already collaborated bilaterally with various countries, for example with the Czech Republic, Germany and Norway.
1937–38 Panhellenic Championship
The Telugu version of the album ("Varna") was released on 26 October, also receiving positive critical reception. It also had the same set of vocalists except for Dhanush, who was replaced by Karthik and Vijay Prakash for the Telugu version of "Pazhangkalla" which was titled "Paalalle". All lyrics were written by Chandrabose.
The Boehm, later Boehm-Boteler Baronetcy, of Wetherby Gardens in the Parish of St Mary Abbots, Kensington, in the County of London, was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 13 July 1889 for the sculptor Joseph Boehm. His son, the second Baronet, assumed by deed poll the additional surname of Boteler in 1918, which was that of his mother. The title became extinct on the second Baronet's death in 1928.
<doc id="32413727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32413727" title="The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala">
Caravan is a melodramatic novel by the British writer Lady Eleanor Smith first published in 1942. A young Englishman James Darrell goes on the road living with the Romany people in England while trying to make enough money as a writer to marry his sweetheart Oriana. However, she does not wait for him and marries a wealthy young Englishman. James then undertakes a mission to Spain for a business friend, while there he is attacked and robbed. He is rescued by a gypsy woman but he has lost his memory. Having lost his memory, he marries the gypsy girl, Rosal, without knowing of his former life in Britain. When his memory returns he resents the gypsy girl for deceiving him but stays with her and works as a secretary for a famous bullfighter. When Rosal is accidentally killed by the bullfighter the hero goes to Morocco.
Burton and Monaco, the acting duo that brings this pairing to life, have often commented on how their two characters weren't originally supposed to be together, but the fan reaction and their on-screen chemistry caused the "General Hospital" writers to move them in a new direction. Their love story was allowed to evolve naturally and organically. The couple started out as an "unlikely love story", but over time turned into much more. They spent many years together and in that time, overcame several obstacles that tried to keep them apart. The couple shared many loving, joyful, and tender moments and have also prevailed over periods of turmoil, heartache and separation. During the characters' separation in 2008, Monaco stated to "Soap Opera Digest", "The love of Sam's life will always be Jason." 

State grants for meteorological stations.
<doc id="32415792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32415792" title="Cecina (gastropod)">

The following events occurred in September 1962:
It was at this time that the rule was instituted that, for a cavalry regiment or infantry battalion to be eligible for an award, the Headquarters and fifty per cent or more of its strength must have been present. Exception was made for the Yeomanry regiments, which had contributed company-sized contingents to the Imperial Yeomanry, but not their individual regimental headquarters. These regiments were considered to be eligible if parties of 20 or more had been present. These principles (presence of a unit's headquarters and fifty per cent or more of its strength) were continued by General Ewart's and subsequent Battle Honours committees, but, again, numerous exceptions were made.
Elisa Domingas Jamisse mostly known by her stage name 'Mingas' is a Mozambican singer. Born in the capital city, Maputo in Mozambique Mingas started to sing at a very early age. Her music is a mixture of Afro sounds that gives prominence to the rhythms of the Chope people of southern Mozambique, and she is one of the most famous singers of Marrabenta. Her career is marked with big hits and collaborations with major African singers like Miriam Makeba, Hugh Masekela, Angélique Kidjo, Baba Maal, Yvonne Chaka Chaka, Jimmy Dludlu, Gilberto Gil, among others.
<doc id="32417579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32417579" title="Motion/Stillness">
