Two weeks later, Nils Andersson published it again at the Éditions de la Cité in Lausanne, Switzerland.
Gordil is a town in the Vakaga Prefecture of the northern Central African Republic. 
After the Napoleonic Wars, which brought changing occupations and annexations of the "Duchies of Bremen and Verden" (for more details see Bremen-Verden), Bremen-Verden was restored in 1813 to the "Electorate of Hanover", which transformed into the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814. Even though "Bremen-Verden's" status as a territory of imperial immediacy had become void with the end of the "Holy Roman Empire" in 1806, the Duchies were not right away incorporated in real union into the Hanoverian state. Since the Hanoverian monarchs had moved to London, "Hanover" had become a state of very conservative and backwarded rule, with a local government recruited from local aristocrats adding up much to the preservation of outdated structures.
Moel y Cerrig Duon tops the eastern end of a long peat bog plateau along with Llechwedd Du. Its summit has a conical shape, rising suddenly from the bog. The summit itself is grassy, marked by a small cairn and a stake. To the north-east is Foel y Geifr, to the east Cyrniau Nod and to the west is Llechwedd Du, Esgeiriau Gwynion, and Aran Fawddwy.
<doc id="21092070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21092070" title="Gellonia dejectaria">
Glen E. Baxter

<doc id="21093700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21093700" title="Oliver Held">
VIP Style Awards Gala Dinner 2006
Wells began his service as an Associate Justice to the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court on March 6, 1891. He was appointed to the newly created 4th district by President Benjamin Harrison and his nomination was supported by U.S. Senator William B. Allison of Iowa, Supreme Court Associate Justice Stephen J. Field, Arizona Territorial Governors Richard C. McCormick, Anson P. K. Safford, and Lewis Wolfley, Arizona Territorial Justices Charles G. W. French and William W. Porter, Arizona Territorial Secretary John J. Gosper, and Oakes Murphy. His district covered Apache, Coconino, Mohave, and Yavapai counties.

<doc id="21095458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21095458" title="Hannover CL.IV">
Toujouonine
<doc id="21096439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21096439" title="New York State Court Officers">
Alfred Illingworth (25 September 1827 – 1907), was an English worsted spinner and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1895.

<doc id="21097742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21097742" title="Christian Brand">
Fairview or Mucklagh, Farmacaffly, Farnaloy, Farra, Farranamucklagh, Fathom Lower, Federnagh, Fellows Hall or Crearum, Fergort, Fernagreevagh, Finiskin, Foley, Foughill Etra, Foughill Otra, Foyarr, Foy Beg, Foyduff, Freeduff
He was also the event organizer for the "Canadian Humanitarian Relief Organization Charity Concert" (November 2010) at Saxby's Pub in Riverview, NB, Canada.
mini-LP - FOAD Records/Revolver - FOAD 1000. *1988 - green vinyl + insert. 
Psoriatic erythroderma (also known as "Erythrodermic psoriasis") represents a generalized form of psoriasis that affects all body sites, including the face, hands, feet, nails, trunk, and extremities. First-line treatments for psoriatic erythroderma include immunosuppressive medications such as methotrexate, acitretin, or cyclosporine.

Bougainville Island
UNTAC.
Stable module category
Rustic camping is not available at the WMA.
Polar AC is a compilation album by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard. It was his sixth and final album released on Creed Taylor's CTI label and features performances by Hubbard, Hubert Laws, George Benson, Junior Cook, and Ron Carter. It was put together by CTI after Hubbard left the label to go to Columbia, and the tracks were recorded at different sessions, between 1971 and 1973. The album features three unissued pieces: "People Make the World Go Round" and "Betcha, By Golly Wow", recorded both on April 12, 1972, and "Son of Sky Dive" recorded in 1973. "Polar AC" had already been released on "First Light" with the title "Fantasy in D", whilst "Naturally" may be found on "Sky Dive".
Vürdmeisters.
Reception.
15. Khiêu Vũ Bên Nhau (Monday, Tuesday... Laissez-moi danser) (Pierre Delanoë, Toto Cutugno & Cristiano Minellono. Vietnamese lyrics: Vũ Xuân Hùng) - Lương Tùng Quang, Tommy Ngô, Dương Triệu Vũ, Minh Tuyết, Tâm Đoan, Bảo Hân, Tú Quyên, Hồ Lệ Thu & Lynda Trang Đài
South Ossetia.
Juice Leskinen & Coitus Int is the debut album of the Finnish rock band of the same name, led by Juice Leskinen. It was released in 1973.
Israel–Uruguay relations
The interim Corps of Engineers report was released in December 1963, and reported that building the dam was feasible from an engineering standpoint. President John F. Kennedy supported the project, and lobbied for an appropriation of $197,000 (1963 dollars) to continue study of the project. The needed money was included in a House appropriations bill, and studies continued. The initial report included some figures about the size of the project. The dam would be a concrete structure high and about long. It would raise the height of the Yukon River from above sea level to approximately . The resulting reservoir would be long, wide, and have a surface area greater than that of Lake Erie. The power facilities for the project would produce a maximum of 5 gigawatts of electricity. In total, the proposed reservoir was anticipated to cover an area of and have a capacity of .


Nick Betts, Controller of Business, Drama, Films and Acquisitions, BBC Television
Brian Paul Goodman (died June 18, 2013) was the Chairperson of the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada (IRB).

