Work in the White House.
Neanderthals
1932-1940:

As of July 2009, the series was being repeated on ITV3 in the UK.

The show is funded by foundations and organizations, including the conservative John M. Olin Foundation and produced by the Hoover Institution (where Peter Robinson is a fellow). 
Winnie the Pooh and his friends hear a strange noise and find a set of large, perfectly circular footprints in the Hundred Acre Wood (and, in Tigger's case, a major earthquake in the middle of the night, causing his house to be severely damaged). They jump to the conclusion that the noise and prints are from a heffalump. After they describe heffalumps in a song to Roo, Rabbit organizes an expedition to go try to catch it; a disappointed Roo is told to stay behind, as everyone believes the expedition is too dangerous for one as young as he. Roo slips out on his own in search of the heffalump, and soon finds one; a playful young four-footed creature named Heffridge Trumpler Brompet Heffalump IV (nicknamed "Lumpy"), coloured lavender and having a British accent and a trunk like an elephant, but being not much larger than Roo. Roo is afraid at first, but the two quickly become friends and play. 
Out-of-market coverage.

<doc id="1499491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1499491" title="Halloween, Alaska">
After the second world war, there were severe power shortages in Melbourne. Also there was no way of procuring steam plant from the usual English manufactures for several years. However a Swiss firm came to the rescue. A Brown Boveri 3 cylinder steam turbo alternator with a capacity of 38MW was installed. This plant was very cheap to run in the 1950s with 16,000lbs/hr of steam supplied by 2 Velox oil fired boilers at 600PSI and 850degF. Although obsolete by the 1970s the station continued to operate very reliably as a peak generation plant until 1982 when its inefficiency, dilapidated condition and pollution forced its closure.
The replay will be used to evaluate timing issues, fouls against the rider for touching the bull or ground with his free hand or using the fence to stay on the bull, or fouls by the bull, such as dragging the rider across the fence.
This device is essentially a galvanic cell that can be schematically represented as:

A mysterious painter created a book with a mystical island called Amazing Island 1000 years before the game's present time and it was created through the painter's imagination. The book was a well-known one, but time passed by and it was forgotten. A tribe of people called Maboo thrived there. The Maboo, humans, and Monsters lived together in harmony, until about 100 years ago, humans left because the story was forgotten, and an evil race of demonic monsters known as Evilings started to appear and put curses on the Maboo, decreasing their population until there were hardly any left. When the Evilings took over the Island, they all merged to create the Black Evil and the island was headed towards its doom until a Hero from the human world (Amazing Island takes place in the Dream world inside the book) came and destroyed the Black Evil. The island was at peace for some time until the Black Evil came back and started wreaking havoc once again. The Maboo were unable to fight back, because they couldn't fight. Only a human with all eight artifacts called Vision Orbs could stop the Black Evil. Calling for help, one of the Maboos (named Lagu) gave an eleven-year-old child from the human world a Monster Card so they could go to their world to help save them once and for all.
tolu “three” 
<doc id="1500444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1500444" title="Herceg Novi">
<doc id="1500530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1500530" title="Flying bridge">
Albums.
Career.
Owing to its history, Rabo de Peixe is an area of strong heritage and cultural traditions, that includes traditional festivals, folklore, music and a large architectural patrimony. The religious festivals are valued by the local population, and attract many visitors throughout the year. The begin immediately on the first day of the New Year, with the ‘’Festa do Senhor Bom Jesus’’, the patron saint, but also include the devotional celebrations associated with the Holy Spirit throughout the summer after Pentecosts.
Lynne Ewing is an American author and a screen writer.
It was established on 1 July 1997 upon the commencement of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal Ordinance to safeguard the rule of law after 30 June 1997. It replaced the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London as the highest appellate court of Hong Kong, The Court comprises five judges — the Chief Justice, three permanent judges and one non-permanent judge from Hong Kong or another common law jurisdictions. There is a panel of eight non-permanent Hong Kong judges and nine non-permanent judges from other common law jurisdictions.
IPC Section 498A.
David Miscavige
1999 was quite possibly Hakim's best career season. He would also earn a Super Bowl ring after the Rams beat the Tennessee Titans in Super Bowl XXXIV. During the regular season, Hakim appeared in 15 games and caught 39 passes for 677 yards and eight touchdowns. His touchdown total was second on the team behind only Isaac Bruce's 12, while Hakim's 18.8 average also remains a personal best. Hakim also added his first punt return touchdown on the season.
Al Qadarif ( ""), also spelt "Gedaref", "Gedarif" or "El Gadarif", is the capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan. It lies on the road that connects Khartoum with Gallabat on the Ethiopian border, about 410 kilometers from the capital.
Over the course of the season Adebisi, with the help of Zahir Arif, persuades outside community leaders to pressure Glynn into hiring a black man to replace McManus. Glynn is running for Lieutenant Governor, and sees that hiring a black man to run Emerald City is likely to gain him more support from African American voters. Eventually, Glynn does hire a black man named Martin Querns. Querns, himself an ex-drug dealer, is told to rid Emerald City of violence and racial tension. Querns tells the inmates that they sell and use drugs freely as long as there is no violence. Head guard Sean Murphy, an ardent supporter of McManus, is appalled by Querns' system, especially because it makes Adebisi, Pancamo, and Morales the trustees. Murphy questions Querns' motive in transferring all of the Aryan and Biker inmates out of Emerald City. Querns fires Murphy and instates a black officer Travis Smith as the head of Emerald City. Querns later recommends that Glynn transfer out all of the guards loyal to Sean Murphy also. Glynn allows Querns to transfer all of the white guards with the exception of Claire Howell, who hates McManus. All of the new guards transferred into Emerald City are black, as are all of the new inmates. However, none of these inmates are Muslim. This angers Arif, who had helped Adebisi get a black man to run Emerald City in the first place. The new inmates are also all loyal to Adebisi, who becomes the most powerful and influential inmate in the prison, and is given free rein by Querns as long as he suppresses violent incidents. Adebisi now has the freedom to satisfy all his vices, installing a curtain in his cell and creating his own version of "paradise", although he could not escape the fact that he was still in prison. In time, the Christian and gay gangs, both predominantly white, are replaced by black inmates, and soon the Italian and Latino inmates are deprived of the drug trade. When these two groups are sent to Unit B, two of Adebisi's lieutenants, Poet and Supreme Allah, are named trustees to replace Pancamo and Morales.
Gilgameš (Serbian Cyrillic: Гилгамеш) is an opera in three acts by Rudolf Brucci. The libretto by Arsenije Arsa Milošević is based on the Sumerian "Epic of Gilgamesh". It premiered on November 2, 1986 Serbian National Theatre in Novi Sad.
Apart from the leonine Ambavilas Palace and Jaganmohan Palace (which, later, His Highness Maharaja Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar used as his art gallery and it remains an art gallery), the city has several other grand palaces like Jayalakshmi Vilas Mansion (now working as the office of the district commissioner), Rajendra Vilas Mansion (now a private hotel atop Chamundi Hills), Lalitha Mahal Palace (now a five-star hotel), Laxmi Vilas Mansion, Cheluvamba Vilas Palace (the palace which His Highness Maharaja Sri Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar donated to the newly born Govt. of India; now the headquarters of Central Food Technological Research Institute, a national research institute), and Krishnarajendra Vilas Palace (now Krishna Rajendra Hospital). Besides there are buildings a century old or more, like Crowfard Hall (now the headquarters of the University of Mysore), Oriental Research Institute building, Corporation Complex of Mysore City Corporation, et cetera. In all the above palaces, the royal family holds blocks held by the kings traditionally. However, the Bangalore Palace and Ambavilas are entirely under the possession of the royal family. Despite this, the state government of Karnataka has its tourism department authorized the supervision Mysore Palace. Bangalore Palace remains entirely a private property of the princess.
<doc id="1502471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1502471" title="Prehistoric music">

The Italian program began in 1989 with a budget of about 20 million $US, and had three main development areas:
Josch Klauser (played by Roman Knizka), Mike (Hinnerk Schönemann) and their younger sister Nic (Marie-Luise Schramm) experience ups and downs in search for their first love. Josch is the oldest of the three. He is a big fan of Dracula, and mentally handicapped. He falls in love with Nadine (Julia Jentsch), who is the girlfriend of his brother Mike.

1986.
Weimar Republic.
Leri mailing list, the NEXUS-GAIA crowd, the
Acciaioli family
The Citroën C15 was a panel van produced by the French manufacturer Citroën from 1984 until 2005. It was the successor to the Citroën Acadiane which had replaced the Citroën 2CV vans that pioneered the box van format in the 1950s - 1970s. The name refers to the car's French gross vehicle weight rating.
Ss. Peter & Paul parish is now part of a single Church of England benefice with the adjacent parish of Newbottle and Charlton.
Mynydd Tir y Cwmwd (The Headland) is an area of about 175 acres (708,000 m²) in north Wales to the south of the village of Llanbedrog.
Geology.
Hendrikus Colijn - future Prime Minister of the Netherlands, was the adjutant of Van Heutsz. In the Netherlands at the time, Van Heutsz was considered a hero, named the 'Pacificator of Aceh' and was promoted to the position of Governor-General in 1904. His efforts boosted support for imperialism in Dutch society and government while weakening the position of anti-imperialists. Van Heutsz returned to the Netherlands in 1909 and died in Switzerland on 11 July 1924.
Longsjo was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. In 1953, he won the 1 mile, 3 mile, and 25 mile races at the Massachusetts State Cycling Championships after riding his bicycle 1.5 hours to the race (from Fitchburg to Westborough, Massachusetts). In 1954, he won the Quebec-Montreal Road Race and was named the Canadian Cyclist of the Year. He won the race again in 1956.
On a typical EFIS system, the navigation needles are color-coded to reflect the type of navigation being used. Green needles are used for ground based navigation such as VORs, Localizers and ILS systems. Magenta needles are used for GPS navigation.
Personal life.
Located in the southern part of New Delhi and spread over an area of about 1000 acres (4 km²), the campus occupies some of the northernmost reaches of the Aravalli Hills. The campus maintains large patches of scrub and forestland – the JNU ridge is home to over 200 species of birds and other wildlife such as, Nilgai, Indian Crested Porcupines, Common Palm Civet, jackals, mongoose, peacocks as well as a large number of snakes.
Her most recent solo show was in 2005 at the Tibor de Nagy Gallery in New York.
Zobel stated that the novel was his version of Richard Wright's "Black Boy" (1945) in that they are both semi-autobiographical.

Wilson received the B.A. at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1963 and the M.A. in 1964. While still a student he published journalism in the Greensboro Daily News, the Greensboro Record, the Winston-Salem Journal, and the Chapel Hill Weekly, and wrote a regular column for the campus Daily Tar Heel. From 1964 he spent several years as a reporter for the Richmond News Leader and the Charlotte News, covering police, courts, and other matters.
Shortly after Merck initiated research into the reducing the severity and likelihood of CINV, researchers discovered that aprepitant is effective in prevention. Researchers worked on coming up with a process to create aprepitant, and within a short period they came up with effective synthesis of the substance. This original synthesis was deemed to be workable and proved to be a crucial step in achieving commercialization; however, Merck decided that the process was not environmentally sustainable. This was due to the original synthesis requiring six steps, many of which needed dangerous chemicals such as sodium cyanide, dimethyltitanocene, and gaseous ammonia. In addition to this, for the process to be effective cryogenic temperatures were needed for some of the steps and other steps produced hazardous by products such as methane and magnesium chloride. The environmental concerns of the synthesis of aprepitant became so great that Merck research team decided to withdraw the drug from clinical trials and attempt to create a different synthesis of aprepitant. 

The company did not exist anymore when the Year 2000 problem, also known as the Y2K problem or millennium bug, made headline news. Fortunately PCBoard only had a few minor problems with the year 2000 (and 2001) and fixes were made available by several individuals.
In 1997 Frank Langella created and directed and performed the title role in a stripped-down version of the play simply titled "Cyrano".

<doc id="1506337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1506337" title="Nobody's Heroes (album)">
It was only in September 1273 that King Afonso III bestowed on the citizens a foral (charter), founding the town of Montalegre and making the local sheriff the master of the Terras de Barroso. The foral was later confirmed by King Denis in 1289, and renewed by Afonso IV (in 1340), John II (in 1491), and Manuel (in 1515).
During the first century AC, near the former site a port was built, serving the city of Illici, named Portus Illicitanus (cited by Claudio Ptolomeo in Civitates Mediterraneae).
James Robinson.
<doc id="1507061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1507061" title="Islamic Action Organization In Iraq – Central Command">
The Church of God (Restoration) builds their movement dating on the same dates the Church of God (Anderson) earlier ministers did. They also hold that in about 1930 the Church of God (Anderson) Movement as a whole became apostate and there was silence in the spiritual heavens for "the space of half an hour" (Rev 8:1). This one half hour taken to mean 50 years using one hour in symbolic language as one century. The time of the silence period ended in 1980, which was about the time of the beginning of Daniel Layne’s ministry.
On August 25, 2011, Danica Patrick officially announced her plans to leave the IndyCar Series to race in NASCAR and expressed her hope that she'd keep the number 7 that she's had throughout her motorsports career. Gordon, who has raced under many numbers but had the number 7 for the last six years, refused to give up the number, stating: "Why would I?"
<doc id="1507545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1507545" title="Myriad (typeface)">
In 1977, another American League expansion team was awarded to Seattle, the Seattle Mariners.
The band announced an indefinite hiatus on September 30, 2013, via their Facebook page.
<doc id="1507825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1507825" title="Hugh of Ibelin">
<doc id="1507905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1507905" title="Balian of Ibelin">
Course.

Backstory.
The vector projection of a on b and the corresponding rejection are sometimes denoted by a∥b and a⊥b, respectively.


<doc id="1508873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1508873" title="Windsor Tower (Madrid)">
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right colspan="2"|First round
