KwaZulu-Natal is the only province to have its own heritage legislation and provincial heritage sites are known as either 'heritage landmarks' or 'provincial landmarks' depending upon whether they are privately or government owned.
Dias Cross Memorial
History.
Tylden railway station
Combinatorics on words is a fairly new field of mathematics, branching from combinatorics, which focuses on the study of words and formal languages. The subject looks at letters or symbols, and the sequences they form. Combinatorics on words affects various areas of mathematical study, including algebra and computer science. There have been a wide range of contributions to the field. Some of the first work was on square-free words by Thue in the early 1900s. He and colleagues observed patterns within words and tried to explain them. As time went on, combinatorics on words became useful in the study of algorithms and coding. It led to developments in abstract algebra and answering open questions.
<doc id="20913775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20913775" title="Karel Černý (art director)">
İhsan Hakan (1965, Ankara–1 November 1993, Ankara), also known as Mustafa Deniz, was a PKK defector who was killed, according to some as part of a cover-up of the suspected assassination of general Eşref Bitlis, in a mysterious plane crash.
A roadside bomb on the outskirts of Mogadishu killed four Ethiopian soldiers as they were heading out of the city on a military withdrawal convoy. Elsewhere in Mogadishu three civilians were shot to death by mutinous TFG soldiers who were trying to extort these civilians and soon after the shooting other government soldiers opened fire on the mutinous soldiers resulting in the deaths of two TFG soldiers, not known if they were mutineers or TFG supporters.
In 2010, Silver Timber set the course record of 0.55.45.
<doc id="20914917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20914917" title="Washingborough railway station">
Racing success.
Montenegrin I.D is similar to a credit card, the identity card is plastic and rectangular in shape, 86 × 54 millimeters in size, as the same shape and size as many other ID cards, as specified by the ISO/IEC 7810 standard. On the left side is a photograph of bearer, it features a light pink, green in middle and blue color. On left side there is also a hologram, which shows Coat of Arms of Montenegro, map of country and country code: MNE. There is also a small hologram in lower part which shows a small photograph bearer and date of birth. On the top edge of the card, the name of Montenegro is available in two languages, Montenegrin and English (Crna Gora/Montenegro), below the name of the card is available in the same two languages (Lična karta/Identity card). On upper right corner there is small map of Montenegro in orange color which changes in other colors depending on angle of view (yellow, green). On the right side 2 letters are engraved "CG" (short of "Crna Gora") which you can see when rotating the card.
Series 3.
Espino was traded by the Royals to the Cleveland Indians on June 12, 2008 for cash. He remained with the Indians through 2010, playing for the AA Akron Aeros and AAA Columbus Clippers.
Newark and Roselle Railway
Saturn Films
Adkins, 1920–1923.
Incident and reaction.
Robert Raymond Kowalczyk, 6 January 45 to 15 December 45, EM3c;

