Starting from the fitness model, the mapping of a Bose gas to a network can be done by assigning an energy to each node, determined by its fitness through the relation
Solomos Solomou was originally from the town of Famagusta (Ammohostos), which fell under the control of the Turkish military as a result of the Turkish invasion of 1974. Like hundreds of thousands of other Cypriots, Solomou and his family became internally displaced persons. They fled to the nearby town of Paralimni, where he grew up with other Greek Cypriot refugees.
Navajeros is a Spanish adventure film, directed by Eloy de la Iglesia. It is known as "Dulces navajas" in Mexico. The movie was released in 1980.
A simple military operation, turns into carnage when a group of soldiers encounters an unexplained phenomenon in the jungle. The leader of the platoon, Martin Barrientos (Dennis Trillo), being the last man standing tries to combat his former men, who are now living dead, in one grueling battle for survival.
Ronald Buxton
The Better Approach To Mobile Adhoc Networking (B.A.T.M.A.N.) is a routing protocol for multi-hop ad hoc mesh networks which is under development by the "Freifunk" community and intended to replace OLSR.
History.

Theatreworks USA's production of "The Civil War" will make its Off-Broadway debut at the Lucille Lortel Theatre for the 2013 Free Summer Theatre program. "The Civil War" will run from July 15, 2013 until August 16, 2013.
Ecology.
History.
Ultimate began a large expansion campaign in 2000 and by 2004 the company had doubled its store count to 64, leading to the company filing for bankruptcy. 

Paramilitary activity.
It has been dubbed in English and shown on History Channel under the title "Rising of Great Powers".
The Historical museum in Moscow has 30 specimens (in the halls and in the courtyard); others are in Kharkov, Odessa, Novocherkassk, etc. These are only a small part of examples dispersed in various regions of Eastern Europe, of which multitudes were already destroyed and used as construction material for buildings, fences, etc.




In June 2007, Chievo had to rebuild the team due to relegation, Bentivoglio was signed permanently for €500,000.
Club career.
<doc id="8345923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8345923" title="Hans Teeuwen">
In 1996 Thomas moved to NYC and started A.R.E. Weapons, which pioneered the electroclash sound. He left the group a few years later to start his current projects: the Rub N Tug parties, his balearic rock band with Harvey called Map of Africa, and a barnyard punk project called Bobbie Marie. He also produces house music as Mirror Boys for Garth's Grayhound label in SF, and does re-edits as Otterman Empire for Whatever We Want Records in NY.
Stores.


International squad players.
The current Division 3 champions are Clontarf who go on to qualify for the Division 2 of the Dublin Adult Football League [http://www.dublingaa.ie/competitions/standings/75287]
Every farmer understands.

