The supervision and control of the operation, which includes subsystems of traffic, energy, telecommunications are centralized by the Operational Control Center (OCC), considered the brains of the Metro-DF. The control is fully computerized. Qualified professionals constantly monitor all the train movements.
<doc id="3060882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3060882" title="Ralph Barton Perry">

Nikolay Gastello graduated from a Sokolniki high school in Moscow in 1918, and his family then moved to Bashkiria, escaping the horrors of the Russian Civil War. By 1923 Gastello was back in Moscow, where he worked at a factory as a fitter. In 1928 he became a member of the communist party, and in 1932 by special decree he is sent to the Lugansk Pilot's School. Graduating in 1933 as a bomber pilot, Gastello initially flew the Tupolev TB-3 heavy bomber. Gastello fought against the Japanese in Battle of Khalkin Gol in 1939, where he was awarded the Order of Lenin; he then saw action in the Winter War with Finland.
Kabbabish ("goatherds": James Bruce derives the name from "Kabsh", sheep, Arabic : كبش ), a tribe of African nomads of Semitic origin. It is perhaps the largest "Arab" tribe in the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan, and its many clans are scattered over the country extending SW from the province of Dongola to the confines of Darfur. The Kabbabish speak Arabic, but their pronunciation differs much from that of the true Arabs. The Kabbabish have a tradition that they came from Tunisia and are of Mogrebin or western descent; but while the chiefs look like Arabs, the tribesmen resemble the Beja family. They themselves declare that one of their clans, Kawahla, is not of Kabbabish blood, but was affiliated to them long ago. Kawahla is a name of Arab formation, and J. L. Burckhardt spoke of the clan as a distinct one living about Abu Haraz and on the Atbara. The Kabbabish probably received Arab rulers, as did the Ababda. They are chiefly employed in cattle, camel and sheep breeding, and before the Sudan wars of 1883-1899 they had a monopoly of all transport from the Nile, north of Abu Gussi, to Kordofan. They also cultivate the lowlands which border the Nile, where they have permanent villages. They are of fine physique, dark with black wiry hair, carefully arranged in tightly rolled curls which cling to the head, with regular features and rather thick aquiline noses. Some of the tribes wear large hats like those of the Kabyles of Algeria and Tunisia.
Plot.
<doc id="3061689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3061689" title="Isabella (commedia dell'arte)">
Six species of honeyeater have been observed feeding at its flowers, as have insects including honeybees, ants, butterflies, beetles and native bees. Both birds and insects function as pollinators, but honeybees are probably not very effective: in one study only about 4% of honeybees collected pollen, and they tended to move from inflorescence to inflorescence on the same plant, rather than moving between plants.
In the early Middle Ages the Diocese of Cambrai was included in that part of Lotharingia which at first had been allocated to the West Frankish king Charles the Bald by the Treaty of Meerssen of 870 but, after various vicissitudes, came under the rule of the German king Henry the Fowler in 925. After the revolt by Duke Gilbert of Lorraine collapsed at the Battle of Andernach of 939, Louis IV of France renounced the Lotharingian lands, and in 941 Henry's son and successor King Otto I of Germany ratified all the privileges that had been accorded to the Bishops of Cambrai by the Frankish rulers. 
The commercialization of water is offered as a response to the increased scarcity of water that has resulted due to the world population tripling while the demand for water has increased six-fold. Market environmentalism uses the markets as a solution to environmental problems such as environmental degradation and an inefficient use of resources. Supporters of market environmental believe that the managing of water as an economic good by private companies will be more effective than political accountability by citizens through their representatives. The opponents believe that the consequence of water being a human right excludes private sector involvement and requires that water should be given to all people because it is essential to life. Access to water as a human right is used by some NGOs as a means to combat privatization efforts. A human right to water "generally rests on two justifications: the non-substitutability of drinking water ("essential for life"), and the fact that many other human rights which are explicitly recognized in the UN Conventions are predicated upon an (assumed) availability of water (eg the right to food)."
McFly and Bedouin Soundclash have also covered the song on Radio 1's Live Lounge. More unusual cover versions have included a choral version from The Cheshire Chord all female choir and a salsa version (Predigo un alboroto) from The Swanvesta Social Club. The song was also covered by Girls Aloud on their 2006 "Chemistry" arena tour. They changed the lyric "borrow a pound for a condom" to "borrow a pound for the bus home", which the band appeared to take offence to. Furthermore, The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band covered the song on their 2007 reunion album "Pour l'Amour des Chiens". In 2006, New Zealand radio broadcaster "The Joint" mixed excerpts from financial analysts Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert's radio programs to produce a version of the song reflecting the trillions of dollars of derivatives in the shadow banking system which they correctly predicted would cause a financial meltdown. In 2011, Irish pop group Westlife performed the song as part of their medley for their Gravity Tour.
Kontos (weapon)
Middle Ages.



