Starting with the 2014–15 postseason, six College Football Playoff (CFP) bowl games will host two semifinal playoff games on a rotating basis—the Rose Bowl, Sugar Bowl, Orange Bowl, Cotton Bowl, Peach Bowl, and Fiesta Bowl. The games will be played on two days, on or around January 1. The winners of the two semifinal games will advance to the College Football Championship Game. These six bowl games are also known as the New Year's Six.
By Flight
2014–15 Chelsea F.C. season


1987-
Joseph Leonard (priest)

Qazzoo offers advertising in reverse to real estate professionals by establishing a network of consumers that can be searched and selected by the professional. This service is delivered via the website and mobile app. 
The 2012 FFSA Super League was the seventh and final edition of the FFSA Super League, the top level domestic association football competition in South Australia. 10 teams competed, all playing each other twice for a total of 18 rounds, with the top five at the end of the year qualifying for the finals system to determine 1st to 5th place. The FFSA Super League became defunct at the end of the season, with the FFSA Premier League becoming the top level of domestic football in South Australia, consisting of all teams in the 2012 FFSA Super League, plus the top four teams from the 2012 FFSA Premier League.
This column reached Lahfan on the 16th, and on the 17th advanced from Magdhaba. At dawn the next morning they surrounded the Ottoman Army garrison at Bir el Hassana, which consisted of three officers and 19 other ranks, reinforced by armed Bedouin. The Ottoman troops surrendered, but the Bedouin fired on the British, shattering a lance corporal's ankle. One of the Turks who surrendered was Nur Effendi, who had commanded the garrison at the unsuccessful British attack on Maghara on 15 October 1916. The troops searched Bir el Hassana and found 21 rifles, a few camels, and 2100 rounds of ammunition.
Performers: National Cadet Corps, NDP 2014 Singers, Singapore SOKA Association Marching Band, Bloco Singapura, Cheerleaders, Touch Community Services, SAF Music & Drama Company, School of Music, Republic Polytechnic.


Agnia Sergeyevna Losina-Losinskaja () (1903–1958) was a Russian botanist. Her family name is also transcribed as Lozina-Lozinscaia, and Lozina-Lozinskaja.
