After Fassbender and Russell achieved chart success with "Twilight Café" in early 1981, their two follow-up singles did not chart, and they were dropped by their label CBS. The two musicians had already recorded a number of demos for a possible album release which ultimately never came to fruition, and continued to record occasionally during the early 1980s. Russell kept all these recordings, and thirty years later she decided to have them digitally remastered and released after seeing considerable fan interest on YouTube. The choice of songs and the running order were decided by Platform Songs.
Danny Driver was born and grew up in London. His mother is Israeli, and his first language was Hebrew. His father is a keen amateur violinist. Through his mother he is descended from the Baal Shem Tov (also an ancestor of his wife, the American conductor Rebecca Miller). He studied natural sciences at the University of Cambridge before moving to the Royal College of Music. In 2001 he won both the Royal Over-Seas League Competition Keyboard Award and the BBC Radio 2 Young Musician of the Year Competition. He made his Wigmore Hall recital later that year, and has since appeared at Southbank Centre, Bridgewater Hall in Manchester, the Royal Albert Hall, and Symphony Hall, Birmingham.
Alcatel-Lucent, Aurora Networks, Bright House Networks, Broadcom, Cogeco Cable, Inc., CableLabs, Comcast, Cox Networks, Dell, Fiberhome Telecommunication Technologies, Harmonic, Inc., Hewlett-Packard, High Speed Design, Huawei, Neophotonics, PMC-Sierra, Qualcomm, Sumitomo Electric Industries, Technical Working Committee of China Radio & TV Association, Time Warner Cable, Wuhan Yangtze Optical Technologies Co.,Ltd., and ZTE. In November 2011, the "EPON PHY for Coax" CFI was presented to the IEEE 802.3 Working Group plenary and the creation of the EPoC Study Group (SG) was approved.

Valias Agricultural Cooperative ( – "Sherḵat-e Tʿāūnī Kehāvarzī Dāmparūrī Valīʿaṣ") is an agricultural cooperative and village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 15 families. 
