co-operative has been playing an important role in socio-economic development of Bangladesh for more than a century. Acknowledging it’s importance the Constitution of Bangladesh mandates co-operative as one of the three modes of ownership i.e., State, co-operative and Private. Starting it’s journey in 1904, to raise agricultural production and rural economic advancement through production and processing services, the co-operative movement has expanded in other economic sectors like fishery, dairy, housing, micro finance and service sectors. In Bangladesh, co-operative has great opportunities in social awareness building, entrepreneurship development and community based programmes and activities. Here is a list of notable co-operative enterprises :
Frye's Inn
In April 2010, "I Can Only Imagine" was certified platinum by the RIAA, signifying sales of over 1,000,000 digital downloads. It is the first single by any artist in the Christian music genre to go platinum.
VCE Statistics.
Besides his botanical work, Knechtel also served as a professor of German, Czech, Latin, Italian, Spanish and Romanian.
Appeals; Allegations of racial bias.
OneUnited Bank, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, is the largest African-American-owned CDFI in the country and focuses on serving and developing urban communities. The Bank has achieved consistent profitable growth through both bank acquisitions of similar mission driven banks and organic loan and deposit growth. The Bank has provided innovative products and services to fulfill its community development mission in the urban communities of Boston, Massachusetts, Miami, Florida and Los Angeles, California. OneUnited Bank continues to be integrated into the social and economic fabric of each of these communities in every respect from not-for-profits, small business, affordable housing, churches, etc.
In the 1990s, Russia had two submarine-launched ICBMs, the solid-fuel R-39 and the liquid-fuel R-29 Vysota family, both developed by the Makeyev Design Bureau. A new missile, designated R-39UTTH Bark was under development to replace the R-39. The Bark was planned to become the only submarine-launched ballistic missile of the Russian nuclear arsenal. However, its development was plagued with problems, and after three test failures the Bark programme was canceled in 1998. Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology was now tasked with developing a new advanced missile. The institute promised that it would able to quickly develop a new naval missile based on its recent Topol-M land-based ICBM.
San Diego Chargers.
Growing up in Tsawwassen, British Columbia, Seabrook played minor hockey with the South Delta Minor Hockey Association. He also played spring hockey with the Pacific Vipers, along with three future Chicago Blackhawks teammates, Colin Fraser, Troy Brouwer and Andrew Ladd. He went on to play major junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Lethbridge Hurricanes, who drafted by him in the first round of the 2000 WHL Bantam Draft. Seabrook played with Chicago Blackhawks teammate Kris Versteeg for three seasons in Lethbridge. After a 42-point season in 2002–03 with the Hurricanes, Seabrook was drafted 14th overall by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Nagalingam Shanmugathasan
With her 2014 medals, she equaled the record for most Winter Olympic medals by a woman, with 10. Of those with 10 medals, Stefania Belmondo and Raisa Smetanina, Bjørgen has the most golds.

On rare occasions, the Quickening overwhelms the personality of the Immortal, even turning a good Immortal evil. This occurrence is known as a "Dark Quickening" in the series version. The converse can also happen; Darius is the only known example of a "Light Quickening."
Parks and open spaces in Enfield
Foreigners 2014–15.
Noboru Yamaguchi
