A District Court judge sent from either the North Island or the South Island presides over court sittings, but urgent sittings may take place at the Wellington District Court.
Tonk
Used folding cameras, TLRs, and box cameras are also a cheap option to shoot medium format. Many U.S.-made folders, including most of the mass-produced Kodak folders use the discontinued 620 film requiring the user to respool 120 film or modify the film spool to fit.
In 2003 the Labour Government used Public-private partnership (PPP) schemes for the privatisation of London Underground's infrastructure and rolling-stock. The two private companies created under the PPP, Metronet and Tube Lines have now been taken into public ownership due to their financial problems, at significant cost to the UK taxpayer.
On overhead wires designed for trolley poles this is done by having a neutral section between the wires, requiring an insulator. The driver of the tram or trolleybus must turn off the power when the trolley pole passes through, to prevent arc damage to the insulator.
The 5-mile (8-kilometre) £6 million A47 Wisbech/West Walton Bypass opened in spring 1982.
and engineering through a varied programme of events including demonstrations, films and activities. The festival attracts event providers from industry, universities, national organisations and offers the chance for youngsters to engage with career scientists with the hope that they will be inspired to learn more about science, or to follow a scientific career path themselves.
The demonym for a Chelmsford resident is "Chelmsfordian".
Fleischer Studios, Inc., was an American corporation which originated as an animation studio located at 1600 Broadway, New York City, New York. It was founded in 1921 as Inkwell Studios (or Out of the Inkwell Films) by brothers Max Fleischer and Dave Fleischer who ran the company from its inception until Paramount Pictures, the studio's parent company and the distributor of its films, forced them to resign in April 1942. In its prime, it was Walt Disney Productions's very first significant competitor and is notable for bringing to the screen cartoons featuring Koko the Clown, Betty Boop, Bimbo, Popeye the Sailor, and Superman. Unlike other studios, whose most famous characters were anthropomorphic animals, the Fleischers' most popular characters were humans.
A major appliance, or domestic appliance, is usually defined as a large machine which accomplishes some routine housekeeping task, which includes purposes such as cooking, washing laundry, or food preservation, whether in a household, institutional, commercial or industrial setting. An appliance is differentiated from a plumbing fixture because it uses an energy input for its operation other than water, generally using electricity or natural gas/propane. An object run by a watermill would also be considered an appliance. The term white goods or whiteware is also used for these items, primarily where British English is spoken, although definitions for the term "white goods" can differ. In the United States, the term "white goods" more commonly refers to linens rather than appliances.
History.
Partridge is put on trial before Mr Allworthy and denies paternity. Mr Allworthy, wanting to prove his innocence, sends for Jenny but she cannot be found, having left her place of residence in company with a recruiting officer. Partridge is found guilty and deprived of his annuity by Mr Allworthy. Now that they are poor, Mrs Partridge regrets her accusations, and begs Mrs Blifil to intercede with her brother to restore Mr Partridge's annuity, but he refuses. Mrs Partridge dies soon after and her husband, being deprived of his annuity, his school and his wife, leaves the area.
In 1962, Newmar appeared twice as motorcycle-riding, free-spirited heiress Vicki Russell on "Route 66", filmed in Tucson, Arizona ("How Much a Pound is Albatross") and in Tennessee ("Give the Old Cat a Tender Mouse"). She guest-starred on "The Twilight Zone" as the devil, "F Troop" as an Indian princess, "Bewitched" ("The Eight-Year Itch Witch" in 1971) as a cat named Ophelia given human form by Endora (essentially playing her Catwoman character from "Batman"), "The Beverly Hillbillies", and "Get Smart" as a double agent assigned to Maxwell Smart's apartment posing as a maid. In 1967, she guest-starred as April Conquest in an episode of "The Monkees" ("Monkees Get Out More Dirt"), and was a pregnant princess in the "" episode "". In 1969 she played a hit-woman in the "It Takes a Thief" episode "The Funeral is on Mundy" with Robert Wagner. In 1983 she reprised the hit-woman role in "Hart to Hart", Wagner's later TV series, in the episode "A Change of Hart". Both performances with Wagner included full-body grappling ending with Wagner lying on top of Newmar. In the 1970s she had guest roles in "Columbo" and "The Bionic Woman".
Biologically immortal species.
To make up for shortfalls of income, many cultivate their own food. Goat's cheese, pigeons, subsidized and home-baked bread and homegrown tomatoes are commonplace among the majority of its residents.
Ferengi also have lobed foreheads, large, ridged noses, ascending ribs, upper and lower lungs, and a four-lobed brain that cannot be read by the telepathic powers of Betazoids or Vulcans, although half-Betazoid Deanna Troi, herself incapable of telepathic contact with non-Betazoids, could empathically sense their emotions, as seen in ' and other episodes. Data once mentioned Ferengi being "stronger than they appear"; however, in later episodes they are usually shown as being significantly weaker than the average human (or at least as having a disdain for physical combat that gives that illusion). As shown in ' Ferengi have a great disdain for fair combat which causes them to appear physically weaker than they are (they give up if they have no clear advantage). When mentally controlled by Worf, Quark's body was naturally as powerful as that of a Klingon, enabling him to easily subdue multiple enemy combatants (due in part to Worf's skill), yet when Quark controlled his own body he appeared too weak to beat even a single enemy. Ferengi teeth resemble jagged spikes, and they use a hand-held "tooth sharpener" to maintain them. Generally, whenever Ferengi (at least males) are assaulted, injured, or in some kind of general distress, they emit a shrill scream.
Violence against health care workers.
The "Mail" campaigned on the case of Stephen Lawrence, a black teenager who was murdered in a racially motivated attack in Eltham, London in April 1993. On 14 February 1997, the "Mail" led its front page with a picture of the five men accused of Lawrence's murder and the headline "MURDERERS", stating that it believed that the men had murdered Lawrence and adding "if we are wrong, let them sue us". This attracted praise from Paul Foot and Peter Preston. However, other journalists have criticised the "Mail"s coverage, contending that it was very late to change its stance on the reporting surrounding Lawrence's murder, with the newspaper's earlier focus being the alleged opportunistic behaviour of anti-racist groups ("How Race Militants Hijacked a Tragedy", 10 May 1993) with very little coverage of the case (20 articles in three years).
The Karimata Strait () is the wide strait that connects the South China Sea to the Java Sea, dividing the islands of Sumatra and Borneo (Kalimantan), both bordering the strait from Indonesian territory.

Career.
Later years.
Cue sheets communicate the placement of cues that the LD has created for the show, using artistic terminology rather than technical language, and information on exactly when each cue is called, so that the stage manager and the assistants know when and where to call the cue. Cue sheets are of the most value to stage management.
With time and money again lacking, the 1954 lineup was unchanged except for modified headlights and taillights, essentially trim items. A new hardtop named Pacific was added to the flagship Patrician series and all higher-end Packards sported a bored-out 359-cid engine. Air conditioning became available for the first time since 1942. Packard had introduced air conditioning in the 1930s. Clippers (which comprised over 80% of production) also got a hardtop model, Super Panama. But sales tanked, falling to only 31,000 cars.
Throughout the ride, bullfighters, also popularly known as rodeo clowns, stay near the bull in order to aid the rider if necessary. When the ride ends, either intentionally or not, the bullfighters distract the bull to protect the rider from harm.
The dark flow.
The School of the Prophets spoken of in the book Under the Banner of Heaven claims revelation showing that President Young was wrong in some points of his Adam-God teachings, but otherwise he was correct. The understanding from these revelations is that Jesus was the Only Begotten Son in the flesh of the Savior of the previous earth where the father of all Spirits, Michael/Adam, had his mortal probation. The lineage of Michael/Adam, which includes all but Jesus on this earth, will never become Saviors of worlds. Thus the Adam-God doctrine of President Young is simply a fuller understanding of the New Testament doctrine of Joint-Heirs with the Savior.
CC
Charles Clegg joined Wednesday in the 1867, starting a relationship that would last the rest of his life and eventually lead to his becoming the club's chairman. He also became president and chairman of the Football Association and known as the "Napoleon of Football".
The supernatural.
Intergalactic space.
In this book, Eysenck suggests that political behaviour may be analysed in terms of two independent dimensions: the traditional left-right distinction, and how 'tenderminded' or 'toughminded' a person is. Eysenck suggests that the latter is a result of a person's introversion or extroversion respectively.
In 1929 Jimmy Doolittle developed instrument flight.
McNair was an accomplished saxophonist.
Datagram mode is connectionless; the application is responsible for error detection and recovery. In NBT, the datagram service runs on UDP port 138.
<doc id="177772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=177772" title="Bosnian language">
Amongst animals, subdivisions are equally apparent. At the top of the animals are wild beasts (such as lions), which were seen as superior as they defied training and domestication. Below them are domestic animals, further sub-divided so that useful animals (such as dogs and horses) are higher than docile creatures, such as sheep. Birds are also sub-divided, with eagles above pigeons, for example. Fish come below birds and are sub-divided between actual fish and other sea creatures. Below them come insects, with useful insects such as spiders and bees and attractive creatures such as ladybirds and dragonflies at the top, and unpleasant insects such as flies and beetles at the bottom. At the very bottom of the animal sector are snakes, which are relegated to this position as punishment for the serpent's actions in the Garden of Eden.
Standards under development.
Consideration for the vice presidency.
The re-drafted script was sent to David Bowie, who found that it lacked humor and considered withdrawing his involvement in the project as a result. To ensure Bowie's involvement, Jim Henson asked Jones to "do a bit more" to the script in order to make it more humorous. Elaine May met with Henson several months prior to the start of filming in April 1985, and was asked to polish the script. May's changes "humanized the characters" and pleased Henson to the extent that they were incorporated into the film's shooting script.
Special Circumstances regularly pairs its humanoid agents with a combat drone in a long-term partnership. The combat drones are exceedingly intelligent and extremely lethal artificial intelligences. This combination is described as being famous well beyond the Culture to the point approaching a cliché as "...a partnership you could, allegedly, still frighten children and bad people with." The drone is supposed to provide protection and a more level-headed point of view to the SC agent.
Twin towns — sister cities.
The coat-of-arms is from modern times. They were granted in 1993. The arms show a traditional Norwegian form of roundpole fence. The arms are also canting because the name of the municipality refers to a fence.
Flora.
