

Marriage and issue.
<doc id="35282282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35282282" title="Bahá'í Faith in Africa">
Once Norreis reached the king he was converted to Baldwin's side, perhaps because of the latter's appointment of Norreis as the cellarer of Christ Church while the pair were at the king's court. The monks resisted this appointment, and in September they appealed to the papacy, arguing that the appointment was against the Benedictine Rule. They also captured and held Norreis in custody, telling anyone who enquired after him that he was sick. Norreis escaped in early 1188 by travelling through the sewer and fled to the safety of the archbishop, who was then at Otford. In a mocking reference to his escape route, Norreis was occasionally known as Roger Cloacarius or "Roger the Drain-Cleaner". Baldwin then tried to have Norreis installed as prior at Christ Church's dependent priory of St Martin's, Dover, but the appointment was never confirmed.
On May 13, 1846, the Legislature re-apportioned the Senate districts: Kings County was transferred from the 1st to the 2nd District; Ulster County from the 2nd to the 3rd District; and Schenectady County from the 3rd to the 4th District.
The Bangala is a river of northeastern Tanzania. It is a tributary of the Mkuzu River and is fed by a waterfall named the Soni Falls. 
1. Bhattacharya, Jaijit."Critical Thinking in E-governance" ISBN 8190629433
Throughout his career, Caspi has combined research with public activity and extensive, lively commentary, publishing hundreds of articles in the printed daily and online press, including regular columns in a Jerusalem local paper, in the Israel Publishers’ Association monthly "Otot" ("Signals")' in "Haayin Hashviit" ("The Seventh Eye", an online media journal)' the op-ed section of "ynet" (an online newspaper produced by Yedioth Ahronoth) and currently, a blog for Ha'aretz.
The yellowish white shell has a regularly, broadly elongate conic shape. Its length measures 5.2 mm. The 2½ smooth whorls of the protoconch form a decidedly depressed helicoid spire. Its axis is at right angles to that of the succeeding turns in the first of which about one-fourth of the side of the spire is immersed. The 8¼ whorls of the teleoconch are well rounded. They are appressed at the summit. They are ornamented by weak, distantly spaced, somewhat protractive axial ribs, which become flattened and decidedly enfeebled near the summit. Of these ribs 20 occur upon the first and 18 upon the remaining turns. The shallow intercostal spaces are about three times as wide as the ribs, crossed by 13 slender incised spiral lines of somewhat varying width. Of these lines the first to fifth, seventh and twelfth are mere incised lines, while the sixth, eighth, tenth, and eleventh are about twice as wide as these, and the ninth and thirteenth are double the width of the last. The space between the summit and the first is as wide as the space between the eighth and ninth, which is doubly as wide as that separating the first five lines,
The shell grows to a length of 3.7 mm.
<doc id="35284646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35284646" title="Kanyaza Nge">
Minister Nazim played a vital role in the formulation of National Disaster Management Plan and Act, establishing and organizing the newly enacted Disaster Management Centre in the wake of India Ocean Tsunami 2004, coordination and execution of bilateral trainings, organizing various types of conferences and national ceremonies, organizing and executing of HOD protection, formulating the MNDF Drill Manual, and formulating various training syllabuses including the MNCC Training Syllabus, are only a few to mention.
