Salvinorin B ethoxymethyl ether has a Ki of 0.32 nM at the κ-opioid receptor, and around 3,000 times selectivity over the μ- and δ-opioid receptors, making it one of the most potent and selective kappa agonists yet discovered. In animal studies it fully substituted for salvinorin A and the synthetic kappa agonist U-69593, and was active at doses as low as 0.005 mg/kg. Human bioassays found the compound to be active at 50 μg.
City Hall Fellows places recent college graduates in fellowship positions in local governments across the United States. Fellows work with high-level local officials (typically department heads) and function as full-time staff members in their assigned departments, working on projects and tasks designated by their host city. Fellows each work on an individual project within their assigned department as well as two cohort projects throughout the year. In addition to working on critical city projects, Fellows participate in an intensive and comprehensive Civic Leadership Development Program spanning the entire fellowship term.
Edith's Checkerspot
Career.
<doc id="23362108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23362108" title="List of Russians in the Team Speedway Polish Championship">
The railway network also contributed to the field of education, as it provided transport to the major towns of the island, where the schools were found. The railway had a great impact on the lifestyle of the population; everybody traveled by train. From the richest to the poorest, the railway provided a relatively fast and affordable way of travelling between the different towns of the island. As a result, towns were getting ‘closer’ to each other; facilitating commercial exchanges. The development of the railway network also led to the creation of new agglomerations: future towns, near the stations.
Thomas Goad (1576–1638) was an English clergyman, controversial writer, and rector of Hadleigh, Suffolk. A participant at the Synod of Dort, he changed his views there from Calvinist to Arminian, against the sense of the meeting.

Alan left in 2003 and Daniel Galmiche took over for a year. Alan Murchison returned in 2004, heading up the company that was given the contract to run the restaurant.

Later he trained at the Node Hotel with Wendy Courtenay and in 1952 he was introduced to Francis Coulson, and moved to the Sharrow Bay.
Sultan Muwallil Wasit (in his Tausug name) (reigned, 1610–1650), is the 9th Sultan of Sulu and was also known as Rajah Bongsu I. His birth name was Pangiran Shahbandar Maharajalela, and was the youngest son of former Sultan of Brunei Muhammad Hassan.
Íñigo López de Loyola (sometimes erroneously called Íñigo López de Recalde) was born in the municipality of Azpeitia at the castle of Loyola in today's Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain. He was baptized Íñigo, after St. Enecus (Innicus), Abbot of Oña, a medieval Basque name arguably meaning "My little one". It is unclear when he started using Ignatius instead of his baptismal name "Íñigo" (; ; ). Ignatius did not intend to change his name but rather adopted for France and Italy a name which he believed was a simple variant of his own, and which was more acceptable among foreigners.

1. FC Union.

SEAT's Rickard Rydell elected to take a sabbatical from racing for the 2010 season. Instead, he became a TV pundit for Viasat Motor's coverage of the Swedish Touring Car Championship.

