A street in Livorno, the city of his birth, is named after him.

Family.
The Speed Measuring Device: Measurements are made by two free fall computers (Pro-Tracks) placed on the lateral webbing or in a line from it on the competitors rig.
Lieutenant General William Alexander Milroy CM, DSO, CD (25 June 1920 – 20 February 2006) was the Commander, Mobile Command of the Canadian Forces.

Brockman, Joan. "Better to Enlist Their Support Than to Suffer Their Antagonism:" The Game of Monopoly Between Lawyers and Notaries in British Columbia, 1930–1981. (1997) 4(3) International Journal of the Legal Profession 197-234.
Latvia
Atwill was elected Attorney General in 1914. He resigned in 1919 and Henry A. Wyman completed his term. He died November 1, 1936.
The band formed in 2009 out of informal collaborations between Bill Kreutzmann and Papa Mali. Kreutzmann had been featured as a special guest at several of Mali's concerts since 2008 and the two decided to form an official band together with multi-instrumentalist Matt Hubbard, best known for his work with Willie Nelson, and Reed Mathis, of Tea Leaf Green.

<doc id="26922950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26922950" title="Pseudorimula marianae">
Anatoma euglypta
Trogloconcha tesselata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Larocheidae.

Trafficking under Mongolian law.

Spangler currently holds the American record for 90 year olds in every metric distance race between 800 metres and 10,000 metres, including the 5,000 metre racewalk, with all records set in 1989 He also holds the 85 year old record for 3,000 metres. He completed the New York Marathon later in 1989 and continued to train with the goal of competing at age 100.
However he failed a medical examination, so he wrote to John Kerr, the Chief Secretary of Bengal, saying
Career.
In 1999 the same journal "Intelligence" reprinted as an invited editorial a long article by the attorney Harry F. Weyher Jr. defending the integrity of the Pioneer Fund, of which he was then president and of which several editors, including Gottfredson, Jensen, Lynn and Rushton, were grantees. In 1994 the Pioneer-financed journal Mankind Quarterly, of which Roger Pearson was the manager and pseudonymous contributor, had been described by Charles Lane in a review of "The Bell Curve" in the New York Review of Books as "a notorious journal of 'racial history' founded, and funded, by men who believe in the genetic superiority of the white race"; he had called the fund and its journal "scientific racism's keepers of the flame." Gottfredson had previously defended the fund in 1989-1990, asserting that Mankind Quarterly was a "multicultural journal" dedicated to "diversity ... as an object of dispassionate study" and that Pearson did not approve of membership of the American Nazi Party. had himself defended the fund in his book "Race, Intelligence and Bias in Academe."
Commercial Fishing.
Row 4 (l-r): Terrence Corcoran, Jeff Sparks, Neal Starkey, Kathleen Bertrand, Kyng-Ma’at, Delores Major, Adam McKnight, Myrna Clayton, Tammy Allen, Jennifer Wrobeleski, Davide Durks, Maria Howell, Sonny Emory, Penny Iannuzzi, Nikki Moore, Ulysess N. Dupree, Dennis Springer, William Odum, J.O. Wyatt, Morris Baxter, Melvin Jones, Charles Edwards, Hudson on Bass, Penelope Williams, Averil Taylor
While promoted as a standard beach party film with posters showing most of the female stars in bikinis and a title song with the lyrics, "...only two steps down to the nearest wave, and surf's up every night!", no one in the cast actually wears swimsuits in the film, nor do any of them do anything on the beach - except walk on it - fully clothed. In fact, Frankie Randall, the male lead, wears a windbreaker on top of his shirt for most of the film.

Generation
Mount Echigo-Komagatake, along with and , is also one of the three great mountains of Echigo, the old name for this area of Niigata Prefecture.
Curtis attended high school at Skyline High School (Utah), where he met his future wife, Sue Snarr. He attended Brigham Young University and graduated with a degree in Business Management. He worked for OC Tanner and the Citizen Watch Company before taking a position as the COO of a Provo-based company, Action Target in 2000.
The regiment's first commanding officer was Col. John Kenly, a Baltimore attorney who had served in Mexican-American War as a major of volunteers.
Every three years the Mayor, 14 councillors and 16 community board members are elected by the New Plymouth District’s enrolled voters. The full council, sub-committees and standing committees meet on a six-weekly cycle. The current serving Mayor of New Plymouth is Andrew Judd. 
In May 2008 Welocalize acquired Transware and GlobalSight with it.
<doc id="26931338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26931338" title="C. Crane Company">
Based upon a plot summary included in a film review in a film publication, Nora (Ferguson) is an American heiress who is courted by Lord Bissett (Gamble) while visiting England. She overhears Bissett discussing with his sister the need of Nora's money to replenish his fortune, so she leaves him and moves into a nearby
Jack Whitehouse
In the spring of 1943 "Tupelo" serviced aids to navigation (ATON), did search and recovery work near Norfolk, Virginia and broke ice in Chesapeake Bay. "Tupelo" was refitted as a Navy Damage Control Ship at the United States Coast Guard Yard Baltimore, Maryland in 1943. En route to the Pacific Theatre of Operations, via the Panama Canal, "Tupelo" went to the aid of the seagoing tugboat "MV Atengo", which was in peril off the western coast of Mexico in a hurricane. During the rescue a crewman of "Atengo" had his hand mangled in an accident. "Tupelo's" surgeon treated the man and had to amputate his thumb. "Tupelo" was at Kwajalein Atoll next, en route to Guam with a convoy of Landing Craft Infantry (LCIs) . In 1944 she took tow of "USS Oregon (BB-3)" from a U.S. Navy seagoing tug, the "Oregon" was then a hulk to be used as a dynamite barge in Guam. "Tupelo" towed "Oregon" 100 miles to Guam. Upon arrival in Guam, which was still held by the Japanese "Tupelo" received her baptism under fire, while the U.S. fleet shelled the island. "Tupelo's" crew blasted a channel in the reef on the south side of Guam to accept "Oregon's" draft. "Oregon" was loaded with 1500 tons of 40 percent gelatin dynamite. From 1944 to 1946 "Tupelo" was assigned to Navy Service Squadron Four, the "Harbor Stretchers", U.S. Navy CINCPAC and served in the Pacific Theater establishing and maintaining over 50 massive moorings for U.S. Navy ships with 15 ton anchors and 2-1/2 inch chain. She was also used to set buoys around minefields and to transport tons of dynamite to U.S. forces throughout the Pacific Islands. "Tupelo" was also responsible for maintaining Aids to Navigation (ATON) at Guam. 
There was some limited Finnish presence in the underground Communist Party of America — a shade over 400 dues-paying members by the end of 1921. This number was quite limited and its expansion difficult, however. In the estimation of Finnish Communist leader John Wiita (best known by the pseudonym "Henry Puro"), may Finnish-Americans were suspicious of illegal revolutionary propaganda activities, which they considered outlandish. "Eteenpäin" editor Elis Sulkanen, himself a participant in the underground Communist movement of 1920-1923, similarly noted that most radical Finns had no desire to join the underground organization, instead seeking to participate in a legal organization realistically participating in the actual politics of the United States.

Nintendo 3DS.
