A 12-episode anime adaptation produced by AIC and directed by Hiroyuki Kanbe aired in Japan between October 3 and December 19, 2010. The series was released over eight BD/DVD compilation volumes, with two episodes each, between December 22, 2010 and July 27, 2011. Four original net animation episodes were streamed through the official website, as well as several other websites such as Nico Nico Douga, Showtime Japan, and MovieGate, which began on February 22, 2011. The first two were released on June 27, 2011 in the seventh BD/DVD volume and the second two were released on July 27, 2011 in the eighth. These episodes feature a break in the original story arc starting at episode 12 and offer an alternate ending from the TV broadcast. The anime retains the voice cast from the drama CD. The opening theme for the anime is "Irony" by ClariS and composed by Kz of Livetune, while each episode features a different ending theme sung by one of the voice actors. The music of the anime is composed by Satoru Kōsaki and a soundtrack was released on January 12, 2011. Aniplex of America began streaming and simulcasting the series in North America through Anime News Network (ANN), but security issues involving the illegal leaking of episode two online resulted in the stream being placed on hold. The stream of "Oreimo" returned to ANN with the first four episodes on November 8, 2010. Aniplex of America released the series on an English-subtitled DVD box set in October 2011.
Word Up! Greatest Hits – Live is a live album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2007. In addition to the live material, two studio tracks were included: "Come Fly With Me" and "Nasty", both written by Larry Blackmon. The "Mega-Mix" is a remix of the album's live tracks.



Plot summary.

Andy Murray led 6–3 against Federer, having won 4 of their last 5 meetings at that point. Murray was 4–1 against del Potro and 7–1 over Verdasco. Federer was 3–0 against Verdasco and 6–1 over del Potro. Verdasco and del Potro faced each other for the first time.
Latvian Higher League 2009 () was the 18th season of top-tier football in Latvia. It began on 14 March 2009 with the first round of games and ended on 8 November 2009 with the 36th round of matches. Ventspils were the defending champions.
Theresa McQueen
Grades.
Issue #32, Machine Affection<br>
<doc id="20210316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210316" title="Molecular design software">
None: Three councillors are not members of groups, but are member of party
MV "St Faith" is a vehicle and passenger ferry operated by Wightlink on their route from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight. As with fellow Wightlink ship "St Cecilia", there are also plans to increase "St Faith"′s capacity by increasing her size to 12 metres.
The constabulary played a significant role resisting the Japanese occupation of New Guinea during World War II. For example the Lae War Cemetery holds the names of 13 police officers (panel 8) who died during the war.
Each Associate Member must be sponsored by a Regular Member in good standing and are eligible for Life Membership. Associate Membership is reserved for persons not otherwise eligible for regular membership, but who are related to the Submarine Service by their deeds or actions. All Associate Members must be at least sixteen (16) years of age. This does not preclude any relative of a regular member in good standing from applying for Associate Membership.
Rotterdam Centraal sɛnˈtraːɫ is the main railway station of the city Rotterdam in the Netherlands. The station received an average of 110,000 passengers daily in 2007. The current station building, located at Station Square, was officially opened in March 2014.
"Astragalus congdonii" is endemic to the Sierra Nevada foothills of central California. 

At the Contest in Bergen, Elpida was the fifteenth performer on stage, following Germany and preceding Austria. At the end of judging that evening, the song received a total of 4 points, placing Cyprus last out of a field of 20 competing countries. It was the first, and so far only, occasion in which Cyprus placed last.
The last preserved locomotive of this class - number 94 2105 - may be found today in the railway museum at Schwarzenberg/Erzgeb..
The size of an adult shell varies between 65 mm and 130 mm.
Distribution.
Once Hood took command of the Army, there was another reorganization. Stewart took command, but was transferred to the III corps, then Stevenson took command, then Cheatham, then Stewart again, then Hindman, and finally Stephen D. Lee. All of these changes took place within a time span of three months. The Corps was heavily engaged at Atlanta and at Ezra Church, where they suffered heavy losses.
<doc id="20216233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216233" title="Catherine DeVrye">
During the 2012 Summer Olympics, cyclists were arrested on opening day after police claim they ignored regulations in place during the Olympics. Jenny Jones of the Green Party and the Greater London Assembly has questioned the police actions, calling them "out of all proportion to common sense" and "tragically unnecessary." A Critical Mass website asked riders to be "peacefully assertive" during the monthly ride, while police claim they asked riders to keep to the south of the River Thames. When the riders got close to the Olympic Park, police began to cordon off the area and arrest riders. In total, 182 people were arrested, of whom 4 were charged, and 178 were bailed pending further inquiries. The action led to 5 of the 182 people arrested being convicted in court.

Patriarcha, or The Natural Power of Kings is a 1680 book by the English philosopher Robert Filmer.
Pearce also brought back from Peru a species he named "Begonia rosiflora", but this has subsequently been considered to be the same as "B. veitchii", since the two forms differ only slightly, mainly in flower colour.
2008–09 UEFA Futsal Cup
List of railway stations in Baden-Württemberg
During the Continuation War.

The second album, "Screens", was released in 2008. The "Eugene Weekly" described it as "mixing up its approaches to but virtually nailing it, track after track".
Worst loss of homes due to fire in City of Los Angeles history.
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1929–1931
<doc id="20221117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221117" title="Qendër Ersekë">
Drenovë () is a municipality in the Korçë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Drenovë, Mborje, Boboshticë, Moravë, Qatrom, Ravonik, Turan and Dardhë.
Models which were also backward compatible with both the KA and K mounts:
• 1984 massacres - Highlight the lack of justice for Sikhs in India following the massacre in November 1984 of tens of thousands of innocent Sikhs in several cities across India, including Delhi, which involved government officials and politicians of the ruling political bloc encouraging and leading well-orchestrated gangs. 
Thousands of individuals from many communities attended the funeral protesting. While it has been said that Harbin was a "paradise in the twenties," the Japanese occupation, and the presence of between 100,000 to 200,000 Russian White émigrés fleeing from Russia involved in the White movement brought civilian crime lords, some of whom practised kidnapping for ransoms. Protests by the Jewish communities of Harbin and Shanghai to Japanese vice-foreign minister Shigemitsu Mamoru had no effect. 

