<doc id="41151006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41151006" title="Arne Pedersen">
<br>
We believe in a graduated inheritance tax as a National means of equalizing the obligations of holders of property to Government, and we hereby pledge our party to enact such a Federal law as will tax large inheritances, returning to the States an equitable percentage of all amounts collected.
The Progressive Party will work through the United Nations for a world disarmament
response to, and draws growing strength from, the demand of millions of men and women for
This ranking is reflected in performance tables, and thus the schools' attractiveness to parents. Thus, although schools may use the phrase 'comprehensive' in their prospectus or name, the schools at the higher end of the spectrum are not comprehensive in intake. Indeed, the variation in the social groupings in school intake, and the differences in academic performance, are enormous.
Sheykh Sara
13. For the promotion and success of these vital principles, and the support of the candidates nominated by this Convention, we invite and cordially welcome the co-operation of all patriotic citizens without regard to previous political affiliations.
We favor the efficient supervision and rate regulation of railroads engaged in interstate com- merce. To this end we recommend the valuation of railroads by the Interstate Commerce Commission, such valuation to take into consideration the physical value of the property, the original cost of production and all elements of value that will render the valuation fair and just.
Woodrow Wilson stands to-day the greatest American of his generation.
The government of the United States for the last four years has had no foreign policy, and consequently it has delayed the restoration of the political and economic agencies of the world. It has impaired our self-respect at home and injured our prestige abroad. It has curtailed our foreign markets and ruined our agricultural prices.
The Orione was first flown in 1932. There is firm evidence for the construction of just one example. This aircraft was one of two Italian representatives at the Berlin Olympic games of 1936 (the other was the Bonomi BS.20 Albanella), part of a successful demonstration to establish gliding as an Olympic sport (Gliding at the 1936 Summer Olympics). The following year it took part in the First Italian National Gliding Competition, held in Asiago in August; flown by Aldo Tait it set an Italian endurance record with a flight of 5 hr 58 min. Near the start of World War II there were plans to produce a version with a span increase, the Orione 2, but this was never built.

Anelosimus potmosbi
