<doc id="5149026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5149026" title="Digital subchannel">
<doc id="5149305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5149305" title="Waste exchange">
Dr. Foege's research includes child survival and development, injury prevention, population, preventive medicine, and public health leadership-- particularly in the developing world. He is a strong proponent of disease eradication and control and has taken an active role in the eradication of Guinea worm disease, polio and measles, and the elimination of river blindness.
United Building & Construction Trades Council v. Mayor and Council of Camden, 465 U.S. 208 (1984), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that a city can pressure private employers to hire city residents, but the same exercise of power to bias private contractors against out-of-state residents may be called into account under the Privileges and Immunities Clause of Article Four of the United States Constitution.
<doc id="5150166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5150166" title="Jimmy Greenspoon">
Click here for a more detailed diagram ]]
St. John's Diocesan School for Girls is a private boarding and day school for girls in Scottsville, Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Physical properties of Vectra were tested in the report "Non-Metallic Transducer Mounting Brackets" by the US Naval Research Laboratory in 1992, and the resulting test data is publicly available from the external link below. 
Ticona also holds shares in Fortron Industries which operates one of the largest polyphenylene sulfide production facilities in (Wilmington), USA as well as in PTM Engineering Plastics in Nantong, China.
The transverse cervical artery gives off a branch, "the dorsal scapular artery", which accompanies the dorsal scapular nerve and runs down the vertebral border of the scapula to its medial edge and inferior angle. The dorsal scapular artery anastomoses with the subscapular artery, providing an alternate route to the 3rd part of the axillary artery in the event of a slowly forming occlusion. 
The secrecy of correspondence (, ) or literally translated as secrecy of letters, is a fundamental legal principle enshrined in the constitutions of several European countries. It guarantees that the content of sealed letters is never revealed and letters in transit are not opened by government officials or any other third party. It is thus the main legal basis for the assumption of privacy of correspondence.
Declared School Motto.
1988 Norwegian First Division
In December 1431, Princess Hedwig Jagiellon, betrothed to Frederick II, Elector of Brandenburg, died of a year-long illness. Sophia was accused of poisoning her step daughter to remove her from succession disputes. Again, Sophia had to give an oath professing her innocence.


Unlike the European (and Hong Kong) versions of the show, there are no "escapes" or "doublers" on the American version of the show. Instead, each player receives opportunities to receive assistance from the mob, known as "helps". Originally there were two helps, which could only be used in order. Starting with the sixth episode, a third option was added, the three helps were given names, and players could choose any of the three at any point in the game.
A few months after the Firefox extension was released, Google added a "Note this" link to each Google search result when users are logged in. Clicking on it opened up an AJAX user interface near the bottom right of the screen just like the extension, but without the need for installing a browser add-on.
"The Last Voyage of the Infinite Succor" takes place during and after the sixth mission of the video game '. During the game, players discover that the ringworld on which they are trapped, dubbed "Halo" by the enemy alien collective the Covenant, is in fact a super weapon designed to wipe out all life in the galaxy to deprive an intergalactic parasite known as the Flood of their food source (their food source being all sentient life in the galaxy). The Flood are accidentally released by the Covenant from stasis and begins to spread across the ring. Halo was built by an ancient alien race known as the Forerunners to contain and study the Flood, but also as a weapon of last resort; faced with the prospect of the Flood consuming every thinking being in the universe, the Forerunners activated Halo, destroying themselves but also starving the Flood.
Koreans and their Ming Chinese allies began pushing south in 1598, reclaiming territory lost to the Japanese in the battles of the preceding years. By September, an army of 34,000 Chinese warriors under the command of Dong Yiyuan 董一元, along with 2000 Korean warriors, was ready to lay siege to the newer, larger Sacheon castle. Murakami Tadazane, commander of the smaller garrison, brought his 300 men to the larger castle, joining up with Shimazu Yoshihiro's force of 8,000, before the Chinese/Korean force began their assault on October 1.
It was also recorded by Sheryn Regis, and is part of her album under Star Records entitled, "What I Do Best". The song was again recorded by "Canadian Idol" contestant Toya Alexis for the 2003 "Canadian Idol" compilation album.
Physicochemical
