Until 2006 Gangsta Zolee and The Kartel's first disc also received platinum status and due to Hungarian sales awards changes during the years it has become the only recording to reach the 120,000 copies platinum limit in the post-communist music history of Hungary and still remains the highest selling rap and pop CD ever (although bootlegging and high taxes on data medium have a very big and growing effect on the low sales indexes). The limit has been gradually lowered right after and was set to 20,000. Ten albums and one greatest hits were recorded by the Kartel from which five are gold and two are platinas. They also composed the main theme for the 2001 Division I Ice hockey championship in Hungary as well as for boxer Janos "Bonebreaker" Nagy a former IBO world junior-lightweight champion and WBO world junior-lightweight champion title challenger against Jorge Rodrigo Barrios. They also remade American songs for example Revolving Door and Check Yo Self. Recently one of Zolee's former protégés Ogli G got paroled and formed a new label and released "Egyenesen a férfiházból" (Eng.: Straight outta the brothel) that is - in its title - a homage to the Kartel's first record. He's the first gangsta rapper whose reputation is backed up with a prison sentence. Ganxsta Zolee nowadays gets into acting and participating in political late night shows. Dopeman has recently played in his own reality show. Ogli is looking for an American record deal.
Historically the Chilliwack River flowed north from Vedder Crossing, over a broad alluvial fan to the Fraser River. In 1875 heavy rains caused a logjam that diverted the river into two small streams, called Vedder Creek and Luckakuk Creek. This caused hardship for the area's farmers. In 1882 a new logjam was deliberately created which caused the waters of several streams to shift course toward the west, flowing into the now-drained Sumas Lake. A freshet in 1894 caused the new course to become permanent. In the early 20th century the diverted river was diked and channelized. Today the Chilliwack River changes into the Vedder River at Vedder Crossing, and then becomes the Vedder Canal farther downstream. The Vedder Canal was created in the 1920s as part of the effort to drain Sumas Lake. The former course of the Chilliwack River below Vedder Crossing is now known as Chilliwack Creek, which flows north to the Fraser River.

Bibliography.
