A skirmish occurred in the area during the Wars of the Roses on 16 December 1460, commonly known as the Battle of Worksop.
Pasolini was born in Bologna, traditionally one of the most leftist politically of Italian cities. He was the son of Carlo Alberto, a lieutenant of the Italian army, and Susanna Colussi, an elementary school teacher. His parents married in 1921, Pasolini was born in 1922 and named after his paternal uncle. His family moved to Conegliano in 1923 and, two years later, to Belluno, where another son, Guidalberto, was born. In 1926, Pasolini's father was arrested for gambling debts. His mother moved with the children to her family's house in Casarsa della Delizia, in the Friuli region. That same year, his father saved Benito Mussolini's life during Anteo Zamboni's assassination attempt.
After Fossey's death, her entire staff, including Rwelekana, a tracker she had fired months before, were arrested. All were later released except Rwelekana, who was later found dead in prison, supposedly having hanged himself.
1991–1995: Career beginnings and "Brown Sugar".

Sludge
Many hormones, toxins, inhibitors, or antimicrobial peptides interact specifically with transmembrane protein complexes. They can also accumulate at the lipid bilayer surface, prior to binding their protein targets. Such polypeptide ligands are often positively charged and interact electrostatically with anionic membranes.
Hill performed the album's first single, "Come Home", on the CMA Awards on November 9, 2011.
"whatever is metered" to be recorded as a medium tone. What
Progressive Democrats
The Carr years.
Constipation is a symptom with many causes. These causes are of two types: obstructed defecation and colonic slow transit (or hypomobility). About 50% of patients evaluated for constipation at tertiary referral hospitals have obstructed defecation. This type of constipation has mechanical and functional causes. Causes of colonic slow transit constipation include diet, hormonal disorders such as hypothyroidism, side effects of medications, and rarely heavy metal toxicity. Because constipation is a symptom, not a disease, effective treatment of constipation may require first determining the cause. Treatments include changes in dietary habits, laxatives, enemas, biofeedback, and in particular situations surgery may be required.
When Charlton Heston turned down the lead role in "Darby's Rangers" before Garner's departure from "Maverick", Garner was selected and performed well in the role. As a result of Garner's performance in "Darby's Rangers", coupled with his "Maverick" popularity, Warner Brothers subsequently gave him lead roles in other films, such as "Up Periscope" and "Cash McCall".
New Kids on the Block's second album, "Hangin' Tough", was released to modest fanfare in September. In the meantime, the group began making national televised appearances on such music programs as "Showtime at the Apollo", and "Soul Train". They later landed a spot as an opening act for fellow teen-pop act Tiffany on the U.S. leg of her concert tour. Sales of "Hangin' Tough" steadily increased as the group's national attention slowly rose. At year's end, the album's second single "You Got It (The Right Stuff)" was released. The song was given a huge boost when MTV took notice of the group and began playing the video in regular rotation, including an appearance on Club MTV. By early 1989, it cracked the top five. The New Kids hit pay dirt with their next single, "I'll Be Loving You (Forever)", which reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles chart in June. The group had been scheduled to open for Tiffany once again on a second tour, but their sudden popularity caused a reversal, and she wound up opening for them (although the two acts were technically billed as "co-headliners").
Overview.
The band's tenth studio album, I Hate Music, was released on August 20, 2013. Before the release of the album, Ballance announced on the band's website that she would not be taking part in the upcoming tour to promote the album, citing the reason as a worsening hearing condition known as hyperacusis. Her live replacement is Jason Narducy, formally of Verbow and currently bass player with Bob Mould’s band. The band will be touring North America, Australia and the UK as part of the tour.

By the late 1980s there were a number of efforts underway to provide an abstraction layer for this purpose. Some of these were mainframe related, designed to allow programs running on those machines to translate between the variety of SQL's and provide a single common interface which could then be called by other mainframe or microcomputer programs. These solutions included IBM's Distributed Relational Database Architecture (DRDA) and Apple Computer's Data Access Language. Much more common, however, were systems that ran entirely on microcomputers, including a complete protocol stack that included any required networking or file translation support.
Paul says his years as an obstetrician led him to believe life begins at conception.
Characteristics.
Paradoxical (venous to arterial).
In 2008, "Stone of Sisyphus" – once known as the aborted "Chicago XXII", now listed officially as "Chicago XXXII" – was released with an expanded format.
In 1763, Delaware created the first bar exam with other American colonies soon following suit. 
