During the severe Korean winter, icy winds sweep down the Imjin; the sub-zero temperatures cause thick ice to form on the river. Fluctuations in the level of the river, particularly tidal action in the lower reaches, break up this ice, and large amounts of floe ice pile up against any obstacle in the channel.

School District 85 Vancouver Island North is a school district in British Columbia. It is based in the town of Port Hardy. It provides service to the communities northern tip of Vancouver Island including Port McNeill and Woss as well as the adjacent smaller islands such as Alert Bay. 
<doc id="5327695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5327695" title="William McKendree Springer">
England, however, scored another controversial goal at the end of extra time, winning 4–2. This goal came after fans began to spill onto the field, thinking the game was over, which should have stopped play. The goal, a third for Hurst making him the only man ever to score a hat-trick in a World Cup final, was described by BBC Television commentator Kenneth Wolstenholme in a now-famous piece of commentary, "They think it's all over... it is now!", referring to the English fans who had spilled onto the field. The expression has become a famous and celebrated part of English popular culture, indelibly linked with the game in the minds of the English public.
Betty Jean Hagen, violinist
Los Angeles Dodgers.
<doc id="5328467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5328467" title="Scottish Junior Football East Region Central Division">
No Division One matches were played in season 1945-46.
Points Standings ("maillot à points" or "Punkte Trikot").

On 6 June 2008, Mr. Kgalema Motlanthe, the Deputy President of South Africa and of the African National Congress, who had recently visited the Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip, told a delegation of Arab Knesset members visiting South Africa to study its democratic constitution that conditions for Palestinians under occupation were "worse than conditions were for Blacks under the Apartheid regime".
<doc id="5329655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5329655" title="Elmswell railway station">
Burjuman is one of the oldest mall in Dubai. The North Wing section of the mall opened in 1992. The mall used to comprise of 500,000 square feet.
In the United States, the network is available to individuals who receive their high-speed Internet connection or cable television subscription from an affiliated service provider. Since 2008, ESPN3 has also been available to approximately 21 million U.S. college students and U.S.-based military personnel via computers with college/university (.edu) and U.S. military (.mil) IP addresses. ESPN3 is only available to Internet providers who pay fees to ESPN. ESPN3 is not carried by traditional cable and satellite providers, as it is not a single channel, but streams multiple live events at the same time; however, ESPN includes a listing for a linear "ESPN3" channel (which only includes one event at a time) in the television listings on its website.

History.

Over Christmas 2011/New Year 2012, the old kitchen facilities were totally renovated, providing a boys' cooking classroom alongside the commercial kitchen.
Double disc court.
Verbs.
<br>
In his reports to the Home Office, Stirling acknowledged that previous explorations had found the area "sterile, forbidding and inhospitable" but argued that he had found it superior to New South Wales even, and promoted in glowing terms the agricultural potential of the area. His lobbying was for the establishment of a free settlement, unlike the other penal settlements at New South Wales, Port Arthur and Norfolk Island. Persuaded that the proposed colony would incur no significant cost on the part of the British Government, and perhaps fuelled by rumours that the French were about to establish a penal colony in the western part of Australia, the Colonial Office assented to the proposal in mid-October 1828.
A vermin can be an insect, arachnid, arthropod, worm, or other invertebrate. Some have magical abilities, and others are giant versions of real insects. Most vermin are considered mindless individually. Since many vermin are too small to model individually, they are often represented as swarms (clusters that act like single creatures and sometimes have hive minds).
<doc id="5332957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5332957" title="League of Revolutionary Struggle (Marxist-Leninist)">
In June 2008, HALO-8 debuted a new comic book publishing arm at Wizard World Chicago with two flagship series: "Godkiller" (written by Matt Pizzolo, illustrated by then-newcomer Anna Muckcracker) and "How I Lost My Virginity -by Alexandra Jones" (written by Matt Pizzolo, penciled and colored by Andrea Blanco, inked by Ale Alvarez).
Sām (سام), also transliterated Saam is a mythical hero of ancient Persia, and an important character in the Shahnameh epic. He was the son of Nariman, grandson of Garshasp and father to Zāl. He was Iran's champion during the rule of Fereydun, Manuchehr and Nowzar. He was appointed by Manuchehr to rule Zabulistan (Sistan), and then Mazandaran. After Manuchehr, because of Nowzar's corrupted and failed rulership, Iranian champions asked Sām to rule Iran. Sām didn't accept, he supported Nowzar and advised him to follow Fereydun and Manuchehr. Sām returned to Mazandaran, and died soon after that. Afrasiab then attacked Zabulistan. 
<doc id="5333876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5333876" title="Mitra (Vedic)">
<doc id="5334131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5334131" title="Baindt Abbey">
Ladder.
Mohamed Iltaf Sheikh, Baron Sheikh (born 13 June 1941), formerly known as Richard Sheikh, is chairman of Macmillan Sheikh plc which is an insurance broking and underwriting agency organisation with offices in Westminster. He is also the chairman of Iqra Ethical plc and two property companies.
