<doc id="24130337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24130337" title="Sazovice">
KROZ-LP (105.9 FM, "The Cross") is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format, licensed to Hobbs, New Mexico, USA. The station is currently owned by First Bi-Lingual Christian Ministerial Association and features programing from USA Radio Network.
Malam Sanusi is the grandson Muhammadu Sunusi (The 11th Fulani Emir of Kano ) 
Lydbrook was served by two further railway stations, Upper Lydbrook, and a halt Lower Lydbrook; both were on the Severn and Wye Railway.
The soundboard is often made of spruce or cedar wood, while the body is usually made of a harder wood such as maple or walnut. This is a practice consonant with the construction of other (round-backed) lutes. 
The Human Factors and Ergonomics Society (HFES) is an interdisciplinary nonprofit professional organization covering the fields of human factors and ergonomics. It was founded in 1957 and is an organization of professionals devoted to the science of human factors and ergonomics. The society's mission is to promote the discovery and exchange of knowledge concerning the characteristics of human beings that are applicable to the design of systems and devices of all kinds.
Her film "Camille redouble" was selected to be screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Prix SACD.
<doc id="24132867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24132867" title="Cesar A. Perales">
Balloon angioplasty in a preliminary study by Zamboni improved symptoms in MS. High re-stenosing rates led authors to propose that the use of stents might be a better treatment than balloon angioplasty, although later they stated that stents should not be used. Balloon angioplasty and stenting have been proposed as treatment options for CCSVI in MS. The proposed treatment has been termed "liberation therapy" though the name has been criticized for suggesting unrealistic results.
Temple defeated a favored Toledo team 40-24 in the Glass Bowl. Like Temple, Toledo had improved greatly from last year.
Freelance photographer Ken Russell in his pre-film director days, captured the 'energy and excitement' of this night life in Soho for "Picture Post" and these atmospheric images resurfaced in the Soho Nights exhibition by The Photographers' Gallery, London, December 2008-February 2009. Russell recalls: "I remember the atmosphere was very jolly. So I made a number of visits to the Cat's Whisker. Cliff Richard used to appear there. I used to join in the hand-jiving." 

