Jean-Pierre Eckmann

Singles.
R, like M, is plotted on the y-axis and represents a log (fold change) ratio between a and b. A is plotted on the x-axis and represents the average abundance for a coordinate pair. The RA plot provides a quick overview of the distribution and size of a dataset consisting of non-zero counts.

During the campaign Murray openly disagreed with his own leader Lloyd George's plans for nationalization of land and the coal industry.
All of the major National UK and Ireland daily newspapers carried extensive pre race coverage in their Saturday editions many included full colour race card style guides.

<doc id="31447904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31447904" title="Rønnes">
Qualified teams.
Best Set 
The following season they expanded to a two car team, with a second car for Ginetta GT Supercup champion, Adam Morgan alongside Hughes. On two occasions, former BTCC race winner Paul O'Neill deputised for Hughes due to the latter driver's business commitments, the first being at Croft. O'Neill replaced Hughes once again at Knockhill. In race two he finished fourth to achieve Speedworks' best result in the BTCC. At the end of the season Speedworks were 10th in the teams' standings and sixth in the independent teams' standings. At the end of the season Hughes announced his retirement from motor racing although he would remain involved with the team. Morgan left the team to drive for his family run Cicely Racing team the following season.
During World War II both British Malaya and Dutch East Indies fell to the Japanese Empire. After the Japanese defeat, Indonesia declared its independence in 1945, followed a war of independence against Dutch until 1949. The British reestablished their authority in Malaya, and their withdrawal two decades later meant the independence of the states of Malaysia, Singapore, and Brunei. The diplomatic relations between the Republic of Indonesia and Federation of Malaya were established promptly after Malaya's independence from British in 1957.
<doc id="31449803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31449803" title="Société Bancaire du Liban">
