Charts.
Everything is the way it is and you can't prove it.


Another character is identified in 778 as ""Jimeno, the strong"", from Arab sources in Al-Andalus, where it calls him ""Mothmin al-Akra"", a Basque or Hispanic magnate in the upper Ebro territories within the later independent principality of Navarre. This person was possibly related to others near Pamplona in local opposition to both the invading Franks under Charlemagne and the new ruler of the Islamic Iberian realm, Abd al-Rahman I. 
"William Tell Overture" is a single by musician Mike Oldfield, released in 1977. It is a rendition of the "William Tell Overture". However this version of the William Tell Overture did not have much of an impact on the UK charts. It is the first of the two non-album singles released by Mike Oldfield in 1977.
Side 2 is an alternate mix. On the UK mix, the verse with the lyric, "The owls did hoot and the birds did sing" is recited entirely by Vanessa Branson. On this version, the first part of the verse is recited by Mike Oldfield. This version fades out slightly earlier, although some labels quote the UK mix's timing.
Style.

<doc id="11990902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11990902" title="USS William C. Miller (DE-259)">
Fresh Start was the first powdered detergent to come in a plastic bottle. It was also one of the first detergents to be highly concentrated, before all detergents went concentrated.
Kozma Cove (Zaliv Kozma \'za-liv koz-'ma\) is a 1.8 km wide cove indenting for 1.2 km the north coast of Desolation Island between the two arms of that V-shaped island situated in the entrance to Hero Bay, Livingston Island, Antarctica. The area was frequented by early nineteenth century English and American sealers operating from nearby Blythe Bay. British mapping in 1968, Spanish in 1991 and Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009. Named after the Bulgarian scholar Presbyter Cosmas (10th century AD).
The 355th FG flew its first combat mission, a fighter sweep over Belgium, on 14 September 1943 and afterwards served primarily as escort for B-17/B-24 bombers that attacked industrial areas of Berlin, marshalling yards at Karlsruhe, an airfield at Neuberg, oil refineries at Misburg, synthetic oil plants at Gelsenkirchen, locks at Minden, and other objectives. The group also flew fighter sweeps, area patrols, and bombing missions, striking such targets as air parks, locomotives, bridges, radio stations, and armoured cars.
Alberto Semprini, on piano with rhythm accompaniment, recorded it in London on January 25, 1952 as the second song of the medley "Part 2. Hit Medley of Foxtrots from 'Call Me Madam'" along with "You're Just in Love" and "It's a Lovely Day Today". The medley was released by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalog number B 10231.
