Club Omnisport Bouaflé (CO Bouaflé) is an Ivorian football club based in Bouaflé. The club is a member of the Fédération Ivoirienne de Football Premiere Division. They play at Stade de Yamoussoukro.
<doc id="41469877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41469877" title="Julian Fagan">
<doc id="41470438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41470438" title="Mackay Lacus">
Early life.
In addition to diplomatic duties, Wade published books teaching or advancing non-Chinese's knowledge in the language:

Economic aspects.
The United States engaged in the decolonization of Korea (mainly in the South, with the Soviet Union engaged in North Korea) from Japan after World War II. After three years of military administration by the United States, the South Korean government was established. On June 25, 1950, North Korea invaded South Korea, sparking the Korean War, the Cold War's first major conflict that continued until 1953. When the North Koreans invaded South Korea in June 1950, using T-34s, the South Koreans had no armor of their own so had to retreat in the face of North Korean tanks. Soon after the invasion of South Korea, the United Nations voted to support the South Koreans. With the Korean War so closely following on the heels of WWII, many of the top tanks used in World War II were also utilized during the Korean War. The first tanks to be used by UN forces in South Korea were American M24 Chaffee light tanks, which were also used during the Second World War. They were sent to South Korea from Japanese army bases. While the Chaffee was useful for infantry support, it could not stand up to a T-34. 
Mississippi Chancery Courts are courts of equity. They also have jurisdiction over family law, sanity hearings, wills, and constitutional law. In counties with no County Court, they have jurisdiction over juveniles. Typically, trials are heard without a jury, but juries are permitted. There are 20 districts.
1971 meeting of the Local Council of the Russian Orthodox Church was the third in the history of the Russian Orthodox Church, and second in the second patriarchal period (since 1917), which took place 30 May to 2 June 1971 in the Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius. The meeting was held in connection with the need to elect a new primate of the Church after the death of Patriarch Alexy I. New patriarch was elected locum tenens of the patriarchal throne, Metropolitan Pimen of Krutitsy and Kolomna. Another important act of the cathedral - the abolition of the oath on the old rites of the Great Moscow Council of 1667.
Guangzhou Circle () is a landmark building located in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China. Its the headquarters of the Hongda Xingye Group and the new home of Guangdong Plastic Exchange (GDPE), the world largest trading centre for raw plastic material with more than 25 billions euros of annual turn over (2012).
