800-899.
Sagalowsky won the US national boys championship in 1921.

Music.
At the Brazilian short course championship, the Jose Finkel Trophy in Santos on July 7, 1993, the Brazilian team comprising Fernando Scherer, Teófilo Ferreira, José Carlos Souza and Gustavo Borges, broke the world record in the 4×100-meter freestyle with a time of 3:13.97three centiseconds better than the Swedish team record of 3:14.00 from March 19, 1989. On December 5, Brazil again broke the world record, with the same team, with a time of 3:12.11. This mark was achieved at the 1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), in Palma de Mallorca, where Scherer won his first major titles: the gold in the 100-meter freestyle and in the 4×100-meter freestyle, at 19 years of age and ater five years of competitive swimming experience. With this, Scherer was elected as the revelation athlete of Brazil. He also finished eighth in the 50-meter freestyle.
Naming, identification and authentication.
Records.
Whiteside was born on October 22, 1979, in New Albany, Mississippi. He was raised on an 80-acre farm that belonged to his grandfather. Whiteside attended W. P. Daniel High School, where he played both baseball and soccer before graduation in 1998. He then spent three years at Delta State University, majoring in business. At Delta State, he was an All-American, an All-Gulf South Conference, and an All-Region player all three years with the baseball team. After his junior year in 2001, the Baltimore Orioles drafted Whiteside in the sixth round of the Major League Baseball (MLB) Draft.
Slauson Avenue is a major east-west thoroughfare for southern Los Angeles County, California, named for the land developer and Los Angeles Board of Education member J. S. Slauson. It passes through Culver City, Ladera Heights, View Park-Windsor Hills, Baldwin Hills, Inglewood, South Los Angeles, Huntington Park, Maywood, Commerce, Montebello, Pico Rivera, Whittier, and Santa Fe Springs. It starts at Jefferson Boulevard near the Fox Hills Mall in Culver City and ends at Santa Fe Springs Road, where it becomes Mulberry Drive.

Dadoji Kondadev Stadium called S.R. Bhosle Krida Sankul Stadium by some sources, is a football stadium in Thane, Maharashtra, India, a suburb outside Mumbai. It is named after Dadoji Konddeo and currently used mostly for football and cricket matches. The stadium holds 30,000 spectators.
<doc id="4099002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4099002" title="Iwate Athletic Stadium">
Working with promoter Matt E. Silver, Byzar created "chill out" rooms for the New York City shows of The Orb, Prodigy, Chemical Brothers,
Alexa Loo
Larkin was a close friend of Sir Wilfrid Laurier and William Lyon Mackenzie King and was one of several wealthy supporters of the Liberal Party of Canada who contributed furniture, china and silver to Laurier House the residence of Mackenzie King.
Many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat, have overlapping or identical hunting seasons, and are hunted using the same methods. Thus it is possible to take different species of waterfowl in the same outing. Waterfowl can be hunted in crop fields where they feed, or, more frequently, on or near bodies of water such as rivers, lakes, ponds, swamps, sloughs, or oceanic coastlines.
Dirigo Health was created as part of Maine Public Law 469, also known as the Dirigo Health Reform Act. It was originally presented to the Maine Legislature by Governor John Baldacci in May 2003 and became law in June 2003. The law is a comprehensive reform of the state's health care system, addressing cost, quality and access. Along with DirigoChoice, it created the Maine Quality Forum, a state health plan and put forth measures to reduce the growth of health care costs in Maine, including asking hospitals to voluntarily cap their annual cost increases at 3% per year and their operating margins at 3.5% per year. The law further expanded Medicaid program in the state.
