Abacetus curtus
Abacetus sinuaticollis
During Newman’s tenure, she composed nearly a dozen works for guest and resident artists at the Icicle Creek Summer Music Festival. "My years with the Icicle Creek Music Center were some of the most fulfilling and exciting of my musical life. It was a privilege to work with such dedicated musicians. Additionally, the Icicle Creek Festival Orchestra continually presented highly committed performances of each new work. I am honored by the support I felt from these exceptional musicians and audiences," Newman said.

Abacetus congoanus
Abacetus sulculatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae. It was described by Bates in 1892. It is found in Burma.
<doc id="40181491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40181491" title="Abacetus tenebrioides">
Permanent Representation of Portugal to the European Union, Brussels from 1999 to 2008, Chief of Staff of the Deputy Minister for Infrastructure, Planning and Territorial Administration from 1996 to 1999, Chair of the Supervisory Board of Lisbon Port Authority between 1997 and 1998 and Associate Lawyer in a Portuguese law firm from 1992 to 1996.
The complexities of the meaning and usage of "Yi" is also shown in the "Hou Han Shu", where in its chapter on the "Dongyi", the books describes the "Dongyi" countries as places where benevolence rules and the gentlemen do not die.
On 15 May 2013 Skjeldam announced Hurtigruten's first positive earnings in nine years. In June 2013 the local newspaper Fremover reported Hurtigruten had decided against major objections of the mayor of Narvik to move the staffing office for maritime employees from Narvik to Kirkenes triggering a supposed saving of 40 million NOK (approximately 7 million USD) per year.

Jairo Chavez
Science Expo
The first meeting of Syrian Turkmen Assembly was held in Istanbul on 15 December 2012, and the participants asserted that there is an inequity toward the Syrian Turkmens by the opposition forces as they do not give more seats in the Syrian National Coalition. They decided to meet and select the representatives of the assembly in the next meeting, and at the end of the first meeting, the common decision of Syrian Turkmen Assembly was declared: ""Regardless of any ethnic or religious identity, a future in which everybody can be able to live commonly under the identity of Syrian is targeted in the future of Syria.""
