Operational history.

National Intelligence Estimates (NIEs) are United States federal government documents that are the authoritative assessment of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) on intelligence related to a particular national security issue. NIEs are produced by the National Intelligence Council and express the coordinated judgments of the United States Intelligence Community, the group of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies. NIEs are classified documents prepared for policymakers. 
The oratorio was written for performance on six feast days of Christmas during the winter of 1734 and 1735. The original score also contains details of when each part was performed. It was incorporated within services of the two most important churches in Leipzig, St. Thomas and St. Nicholas. As can be seen below, the work was only performed in its entirety at the St. Nicholas Church.
A. Le Coq's key brands are A. Le Coq (beer), Fizz (cider), Aura (juice), Dynami:t (energy drink), Arctic (sport drinks) and Limonaad (softdrink).
Adi Godrej’s youngest son is also named as Pirojsha Godrej who is currently part of the godrej business as Managing director and CEO Godrej properties limited.
<doc id="3441518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3441518" title="Paula Malai Ali">
-Anti-Theft Ignition
Election of 1900.
<doc id="3442135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3442135" title="Issaquah Alps Trails Club">
Professional career.
The "Window to the Pacific" is a large rear-projection screen portraying an animated undersea environment. The animated image of Crush is a computer graphic avatar controlled by a puppet, operated by a backstage actor/puppeteer whose performance is digitized in real time. Crush's movements and voice-activated lip synch are rendered on the fly and are projected at 60 frames per second, so that the turtle's mouth moves in synchronization with the actor's words. Digital puppetry techniques allow the puppeteer's movements to control the body motions of the projected turtle image. The technology enables each show to be different as Crush responds uniquely to each individual audience.
<doc id="3442770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3442770" title="Kate Rogers vs Grand Central">
Trees and power lines, along with numerous other lightweight structures, came down in many areas from Georgia northward, and highways (including several Interstate Highways) were closed and impassable. The heaviest ice accretions were in southwestern North Carolina, where ice over 3/4 inch (20 mm) thick was reported and Charlottesville, Virginia with 1 inch (25,4 mm). At the higher elevations, and farther north across the Great Lakes region and into northern New England, the storm produced heavy snow with amounts varying between 7 inches to as high as 26 inches (57 cm).

USS Van Buren (PF-42)
