Their colors and symbolism are:
Women.
Operational history.
An eclipse season is the only time during which the sun (from the perspective of the earth) is close enough to one of the moon's nodes to allow for an eclipse to occur. During the season, whenever there is a full moon a lunar eclipse will occur and whenever there is a new moon a solar eclipse will occur. If the sun is close enough to a node, then a total eclipse will occur. Each season lasts from 31 to 37 days, recurring about every 6 months. At least two (one solar and one lunar, in any order), and at most three eclipses (solar, lunar, then solar again, or vice versa), will occur during every eclipse season. This is because it is about 15 days (a fortnight) between full moon and new moon and vice versa. If there is an eclipse at the very beginning of the season, then there is enough time (30 days) for two more eclipses. 
Struggle for independence.
<doc id="32146412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32146412" title="Tonga national under-20 rugby union team">
<doc id="32146779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32146779" title="Julius Epstein (author)">
Companies
The postulancy is followed by a two-year novitiate, at the beginning of which the women are clothed with the Society’s religious habit. The first year is devoted to living in one of the various apostolates. The second year is that required by Canon Law during which the focus is on learning more about the evangelical counsels, prayer, spirituality and the Constitutions of the Society. At the end of the novitiate, simple promises are made; these are renewed annually for five years after which perpetual promises are made.
Irvine Meadow are the reigning champions. Ashfield and Clydebank were promoted from the Super League First Division, replacing Lanark United and Rutherglen Glencairn. Petershill retained their place in the league after defeating Glenafton Athletic in the West Region League play-off.
During the Spanish era, there was only one sitio, inhabited by some families. Their homes were huts only, and farming was their living. In the beginning the area had no name. To have a name the Cabeza de Barangay appeared in court, and suggested it be called Cabilang Baybay as it is on the other shore of the river and on the other side of the field. The request was then adopted by the Governor-General Leonard Wood.
