In 2011 Fleet commissioned a DVD containing segments of some of his best known performances. The DVD is sold as "Bootlegs and Jumperpants" and has been sold for $20 Australian dollars. Fleet has alluded to the funds from this DVD going towards financing his filming of his classic 1995 show "Thai Die". This was to be filmed on 7 November 2011 at The Comics Lounge in Melbourne.
He escaped death, but the attempted suicide left him with permanent brain damage. He never recovered.

Before the game was released, the story broke and was seized upon by the world's tabloid press as a sensationalist example of a "sick product". There are numerous examples; generally the tabloid press derailed any discussion of the themes contained within the game onto more emotive and emotional lines. Following these reports, the creators of the game received numerous death threats and threats not to go ahead with production.
Buildings.
Many areas of the city bordering bushland have experienced bushfires, notably in 1994 and 2001–02 — these tend to occur during the spring and summer.
The DNA results demonstrated that Stephen Jamieson's DNA was not found in a rectal swab of the victim, and neither was the DNA of 'Shorty' Wells. Police Minister John Watkins announced that the NSW Innocence Project would be suspended. Subsequently, accomplice Carol Arrow stated that 'Shorty' Jamieson was one of the murderers.
Soon after the assassination of Rajini Thiranagama in 1989, Rajan Hoole along with Sritharan, another UTHR activist, fled Jaffna . Since then, for more than a decade, Hoole functioned in Colombo . In his book, "The Arrogance of Power - Myth, Decadence and Murder", he compiled a catalogue of human rights violations by the Sinhalese politicians belonging to the UNP and SLFP as well as LTTE. While not living in Sri Lanka, Hoole continues to document human rights violations by different armed actors in Sri Lanka. In 2007, Hoole received the Martin Ennals Award for Human Rights Defenders in 2007 along with Kopalasingham Sritharan. Currently, his place of residence is not known to many and he does not divulge his place of residence for fear of reprisals. 
