On May 30, 2011, Lake FM started broadcasting out of a new studio on Main Street in Slave Lake above a video store after engineers spent over 2 weeks working on getting them back in Slave Lake. They changed their slogan to "The Spirit of Slave Lake" at the same time.
Koutso () is a settlement in the Vistonida municipal unit, Xanthi regional unit of Greece. It is located 7 kilometers east of Genisea, 5 kilometers southeast of Nea Kessani, and 15.5 kilometers northwest of Xanthi. In 1981, the population of Koutso was around 1118 inhabitants. In 1991, the population dropped to around 510 inhabitants.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Ceylon durian, a large prickly fruit, is inedible and does not stink.
Elaeocarpus nanus


Pseudobombax
George Poe, Jr. (May 8, 1846 – February 3, 1914) was a pioneer of mechanical ventilation of asphyxiation victims. He was the first person to manufacture nitrous oxide for commercial use in his Trenton, New Jersey company.


In 1950 Briggs was recalled to active duty by Slim, who was by that time Chief of the Imperial General Staff, to become Director of Operations in Malaya where the Malayan Emergency was in progress. The implementation of the Briggs Plan is considered an important factor in the authorities' victory over the Malayan Communist Party rebels. Said of Briggs: "He believed there were 'two key goals' to accomplish in order to end the insurgency -- first, to protect the population, and second to isolate them from the guerrillas."
Five Roses
The Blair House is a historic house in the city of Montgomery, Ohio, United States. One of the best examples of Victorian-period Italianate architecture in the city, it was built for butcher James Blair and his wife Anne in 1875. A brick structure with a slate roof, it is a two-story structure built in the plan of the letter "L." Among its distinctive architectural elements are the ornamented single-story bay, the brackets that support the eaves of the roof, and the corbelled chimneys.

Kimberly Aileen Scott (born December 11, 1961) is an American actress.
Sawmills, canneries and fishboats featured in Albion's economy, and River Road, which runs between the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks and the river, has been a mixed industrial area for all of Albion's existence since the coming of the railway in the 1880s. Farmland on the north side of the highway and semi-wild green fields and trees that typified the old rural community are succumbing to suburban sprawl. Langley Indian Reserve No. 5, which includes a native cemetery, is just east of Albion on the north side of the Fraser. It is one of several reserves under the jurisdiction of the Kwantlen First Nation, whose main reserve is across the Fraser from Albion on McMillan Island in Fort Langley.
Jean Lee was one of two women executed in Australia during the 20th century, the other being Martha Rendell, who was hanged for murdering her de facto husband's children in 1909.
The album was also included in the 2010 "Complete I.E.M," CD boxset where it reverted to the original vinyl track listing.
He also tours the country, performing his act at clubs such as the Funny Bone and the Improv and is a frequent guest on the Bob and Tom Radio Show and a featured guest every Wednesday on Pittsburgh's "Randy Baumann and the DVE Morning Show". His background recently resulted in a gig doing color commentary on college wrestling for Fox Sports Midwest. His Midwestern upbringing and his ability to provide humorous social commentary give him a wealth of material.

"See Medea (The Icemark Chronicles)".
KPNK (Compilation) 1997
<doc id="12200803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12200803" title="Jurica Siljanoski">
Training - to provide increase in community understanding and capacity.
The third Baronet was a successful cricketer and the husband of Valerie Goulding. As of 2007 the presumed fourth Baronet has not successfully proven his succession and is therefore not on the Official Roll of the Baronetage, with the baronetcy considered dormant.
Dres (plural "dresy" or "dresiarze") is a term used in Poland to describe a subculture of young males.
He believed in universal salvation, and agreed with John Bunyan on the lack of necessity for baptism. He also regarded observance of Sunday as the Sabbath as not required. 
The Centauromachy covers seven slabs along the east and four slabs of the north side of the entablature, making it the longest of the three subjects (BM 526, BM 524, BM 525, BM 530, BM 528, BM 527, BM 529; BM 522, BM 523, BM 521, and BM 520). The rocky landscape, the burial of Kaineus, centaurs fighting with tree limbs or rocks, and men with armour and weapons are all elements of a pitched battle between Lapiths and centaurs. However, four Greeks are dressed only in mantles, fight bare handed and are noticeably placed at the principal structural points: on the first slab, BM 526:2 and 3, at the corner, BM 529:4, and on the last slab, BM 520:2. Several women, too, including Hippodameia, BM 520:4, are scattered throughout the battle. These elements more commonly belong to a different scene in the Centauromachy narrative - the brawl at the wedding feast of Peirithoos. Also, the two infants carried by women, BM 525:11 and BM 522:15, are unknown in either of the two most popular versions of the battle. Further the direct intervention by the gods Apollo and Artemis, on BM 523, may also be a novel element unique to the frieze. This departure at Bassai from the more traditional designs of the centauromachy is perhaps an attempt unify it with the other two subjects of the frieze as well as to adapt the subject to the patron deities of the sanctuary.
Given the disagreements about the structure of the insect head, on which most effort has been spent, it is no surprise that the potential homologies between it and other arthropods, notably the chelicerates, are also very controversial. From after the second world war to the 1980s a commonly accepted model of arthropod evolution was that the extant euarthropods were polyphyletic, i.e. the main lineages had evolved independently from soft-bodied, annelid-like ancestors, following the work of Tiegs and especially Sidnie Manton. In this view, most of the head structures would also be convergent, and thus there was no point looking for specific homologies between major groups. However, the monophyletic theory of arthropod origins has since decisively gained the upper hand, which raises the problem of head homology once more.
