Randomly partitioning a complete diploid fosmid library into various pools of equal size presents an alternative method for haplotype phasing. In the proof of principle description of this technique 115 pools were created containing ~5000 unique clones from the original fosmid library. Each of these pools contained roughly 3% of the genome. Between the 3% in each pool and the fact that each clone is a random sampling of the diploid genome, 99.1% of the time each pool contains DNA from a single homolog. Amplification and analysis of each pool provide haplotype resolution limited only by the size of the fosmid insert.
The scale of the two-story windows is non-residential and the form suggests a mid-19th-century Italianate style often applied to semi-public buildings such as fire stations, banks, Masonic meeting halls, and libraries. The interior originally consisted of a single long hall with gallery above. It is now reached by a staircase at the far end that splits above a central landing to lead up to the gallery on either side. The gallery is supported turned columns above newel posts.


Danjiangkou Reservoir() is a multi-purpose reservoir in Xichuan County, Henan and Danjiangkou City, Hubei province, Central China. Created by the Danjiangkou Dam, it serves as a supply of water for the region as well as irrigation, electricity generation and flood control. It was constructed in 1958, and at the time was one of the largest reservoirs in Asia.
Tolling.
On 13 July 1980, ETA attempted to repeat the tactics of the Ispaster attack with an ambush at Orio. However after killing 2 civil guards, the ETA unit was counter-attacked by civil guards, resulting in the deaths of two ETA members.
The towns name is Aboriginal in origin and is taken from a hill close to town. The word "barduk" means near or close in the local dialect. The town was gazetted on 3 June 1896. Alluvial gold was first discovered in the area in 1894, and by 1895 over 400 men were working the area. 
"Damaris"' first collection showcased at London Fashion Week September 2001 and was sponsored by The Prince's Trust.
In early October, 1935, Mary-Louise accompanied her mother on a mission trip to Latin America via the Panama Canal, and included visits to Guatemala, Haiti, Bahamas, and Colombia. While in Cobán, Mary-Louise organized the first Young Woman's Missionary Society at the Nazarene Girls' School. Mary-Louise Salsbury wrote the story of this visit in a booklet, entitled "Other Americas", published at her mother's expense with the proceeds going to the W.F.M.S. They returned to Los Angeles on November 11, 1935 after a six-day voyage in first class on the "Santa Elena" from San Jose, Guatemala.
Pskov Oblast.
The following example is a simplified example of a system anatomy for an issue management system.
