<doc id="21931105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21931105" title="Rajhara">
The United States froze economic and military assistance to Panama in the summer of 1987 in response to the domestic political crisis and an attack on the U.S. embassy. General Noriega's February 1988 indictment in U.S. courts on drug-trafficking charges sharpened tensions. In April 1988, President Reagan invoked the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, freezing Panamanian Government assets in U.S. banks, withholding fees for using the canal, and prohibiting payments by American agencies, firms, and individuals to the Noriega regime. The country went into turmoil. When national elections were held in May 1989, the elections were marred by accusations of fraud from both sides. An American, Kurt Muse, was apprehended by the Panamanian authorities, after he had set up a sophisticated radio and computer installation, designed to jam Panamanian radio and broadcast phony election returns. However, the elections proceeded as planned, and Panamanians voted for the anti-Noriega candidates by a margin of over three-to-one. The Noriega regime promptly annulled the election and embarked on a new round of repression. By the fall of 1989, the regime was barely clinging to power.
Daud was the former governor of the Takhar province in Afghanistan. 
As part of the restoration work done on Locust Grove in the late 1980s, students from Longwood College visited the home and grounds and conducted an archaeological dig which covered various portions of the property. Excavations were conducted at five points around the site, and a number of discoveries were made. Chief among these was the grave of an infant discovered in the corner of the former kitchen garden near the house. Oral tradition states that Francisco had a daughter who died in infancy sometime in the 1820s, and who was buried in the garden. There are no formal records either of such a burial or of the birth of the child; however, the discovery of the grave lends greater credence to the story. Also found on the grounds of the house were the remains of the foundation of a tobacco barn, known to have burned in 1826, as well as some bits of ash and a large collection of nails and nail fragments. Excavations on and around the property also turned up the foundation and cellar of an old ice house, later used as a trash midden; the foundation of another small building, whose purpose remains uncertain; and a small spring associated through oral tradition with Peter Francisco. Numerous beams and door and window frames original to the house were found and replaced during the restoration and excavation; the originals were set aside in the basement for further study.
By 1866 Edward Jr. had added planes, routers, joiners, coach, gun, cabinet and carpenters tools to his line, and the following year he moved his shop from his father's address and relocated to 26 Newton Street, before moving again to a much larger premises at 22-24 Whittall Street. This location became known as the Whittall Works and later became the office and factory of Edward Preston and Sons, Ltd.

References.
