
<doc id="32334378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32334378" title="Capperia salanga">

In 2005, near the company's peak when it was the leading bedding telemarketing company in the US, 1800mattress had more than 300 employees with annual sales in excess of $100 million. It had nearly 50 showrooms and 250 distributors nationwide. On March 23, 2009, 1-800-Mattress filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection pending a proposed merger with former rival, Sleepy's and later that year the merger was completed and 1-800-Mattress officially became 1800Mattress.com.
Post war.
Hailed as the 'Father of Online Systems,' Summit's work on DIALOG changed the information industry and provided a foundation for further research and development. Databases such as ERIC, LexisNexis, ProQuest, EBSCOHost among others all owe much to Roger Summit and the creation of DIALOG. The work with DIALOG would pave the way for today's leading online search engines like Yahoo! and Google. It shaped the growth of the online industry improving search capabilities. Having precise search capabilities was a product of Dialog's added large and consistent formatted databases and the incorporation of a search language (i.e. Boolean phrases). By providing a wider range of databases for users to search through, DIALOG allowed for the ability to multi-task in search. Users could find solutions with one query instead of running a separate search at a later time. Dialog has grown to be the world's most extensive online information retrieval service – offering more than 1.4 billion unique records from more than 900 databases equaling over 15 terabytes of information, used by more than 25,000 corporate clients in 103 countries. Hence, with such enormous success, Dialog launched many different sub-systems for the corporation (DialogSelect, DialogWeb, DialogClassic and many more). The Thompson Reuters Corporation purchased the Information Services sector of The Dialog Corporation in 2000 and in 2008, ProQuest acquired Dialog from Thompson Reuters and launched ProQuest Dialog. Dialog is creating new systems and its growth over the years has challenged the company to continue seeking competitive advances for data retrieval in various fields.

June 10, 2011 – Medical examiner states that the death is ruled a homicide because of the delay in reporting the disappearance, the fact the body was hidden, and the existence of duct tape, but admits she did not know how the child died. Crime scene investigators describe similar maggots found in the car trunk and at the crime scene.
Career.
Music and lyrics.
Sereno del Mar, California
Hingod
