List of bears
Drums, bass and guitars were recorded in Sequera's home studio in Bur Dubai. The tracking of instruments took around a year to complete, with Kiran and the band all working full-time jobs during the day, and recording at night. In the summer of 2006, right after completing his drum tracks, Jay Fillon left for a vacation in Hong Kong. Within a few weeks, the band was told that he was staying out of the UAE for an indefinite period, citing personal reasons for his prolonged absence. The band did not notify their supporters. Instead, they carried on recording the album, laying the final touches on their carrier single ‘Alabaster’. In May 2007, the song was sent to all the radio stations in Dubai and immediately received continuous airplay. The song was later included in a compilation album released by LPM Voice Magazine in Atlanta, U.S.A., as well as the soundtrack for a Mountain Dew TV commercial. 
Drescher notes Algiers as 'the sole case in the sixty years of British slave trade suppression in which a large number of British lives were lost in actual combat.'
A 2011 Caltrans report proposed adding two high-occupancy vehicle lanes to the freeway portion of SR 78 between I-5 and I-15 to accommodate increased traffic.
The first reports of a pilgrimage route corresponding to the Biblical events dates from the Byzantine era; during that time, a Holy Thursday procession started from the top of the Mount of Olives, stopped in Gethsemane, entered the Old City at the Lions' Gate, and followed approximately the current route to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre; however, there were no actual stops during the route along the Via Dolorosa itself. By the 8th century, however, the route went via the western hill instead; starting at Gethsemane, it continued to the alleged "House of Caiaphas" on Mount Zion, then to Hagia Sophia (viewed as the site of the Praetorium), and finally to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
Réunion.
<doc id="1600027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1600027" title="Tyler Florence">
