John Jones (Medal of Honor)
Current.
Southern Lehigh was built in 1957. Before that, students in the district attended high school at Allentown High School and elementary school at Coopersburg Elementary School.
The Biology Club is open to all students. Founded by Annie Mah, Clint Toris and Christopher Bailes. Activities including various meetings throughout the semester, focusing on the natural world in which we live and the beauty designed by our Creator, community service in maintaining the resources with which we as believers have been entrusted, and lectures from local scientist and students on how to make a difference. Many members of the Biology Club are involved in undergraduate research, and have made various at regional biological conferences, the Association of Southeastern Biologists. Organization decisions are made in accordance with the Biology Club Bi-Laws, and carried out by the officers of the club in cooperation of the Faculty Adviser, Dr. Kristen G. van den Meiracker.
In 1978, the members of Arco Iris left for the United States, to live in a cabin in the western US state of California. There they shifted their career to one of jazz, and also new-age music. In that vein the band has made several albums, including 1980's "Cóndor" and 1981's "El faisán azul" which was released in Argentina in 1986. But they also have worked alongside musicians such as Herbie Hancock, Lalo Schifrin and Chester Thompson, among others, as a supporting group.
Frances C. Wilson is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general, who served as the 12th President of the National Defense University.
The tomb of Jasaw Chan K'awiil I was discovered by archaeologists in 1962. It was entered through the roof of the tomb after exploratory tunneling from the bottom of the temple stairway. The tomb has been labeled as Burial 116 by archaeologists. It is a large vaulted chamber deep within the pyramid, below the level of the Great Plaza. Over half of the chamber is occupied by the masonry bench supporting the king's body and his jewelry. The king's remains had been laid on a woven mat and the tomb contained rich offerings of jaguar skins, jadeite objects, painted ceramics, rare spondylus shells, pearls, mirrors, and other works of art. The body of the king was covered with large quantities of jade ornaments including an enormous necklace with 114 especially large beads, as depicted in sculpted portraits of the king, and weighing .
Storylines.
As London burns in the Blitz, and the newspaper struggles to stay in business, he writes several more eye-witness stories, and then learns of "People For Peace", a pacifist organisation. He suspects the members of being Nazi tools and investigates the group. Together with a fellow journalist, Carole Bennett (Hobson), he finds that his suspicions are correct and that it has already been penetrated by security officers.
<doc id="7265612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7265612" title="Gubbinal">

<doc id="7266329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7266329" title="Obus">
A reminder to other journalists to stay away from the sensitive issues I had the freedom to raise because I wrote for a medium beyond the reach of the QPC's ability to intimidate.
<doc id="7266943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7266943" title="Chartered Institute of Arbitrators">
Despite the popularity of Dionysius Exiguus, which caused the previous compilations to be disused, several of them were preserved, as also were some other contemporary collections. Suffice it to mention the collection known as the "Chieti" or "Vaticana Reginæ", through which a very old and distinct version of the decrees of the Council of Nicæa has reached us.
Nicholas Freeman

Hildebrand Alington, 5th Baron Alington

<doc id="7268440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7268440" title="Marie-Jo Zimmermann">
Portrayal in film.
The bands converge at the root of the vermiform appendix. At the rectosigmoid junction, the taeniae spread out and unite to form longitudinal muscle layer. 
