
Gabe Pressman (born February 14, 1924) is the senior correspondent for WNBC-TV. whose career spans more than 60 years. He is considered one of the pioneers of United States television news.
"Toxic" is a dance-pop song with elements of electropop and bhangra music. It features varied instrumentation, such as drums, synthesizers and high-pitched strings. It also contains surf guitar, that according to Caryn Ganz of "Spin", "warps and struts like it’s been fed into the Matrix." The music was also compared to the soundtracks of the "James Bond" film series. The hook of "Toxic" samples a portion of "Tere Mere Beech Mein", from the soundtrack of the 1981 Hindi film "Ek Duuje Ke Liye". However, it is not lifted verbatim from the score and mixes two different sections of the piece. Spears sings the song with breathy vocals.
Prudentius wrote the first surviving Christian purely allegorical freestanding work, "Psychomachia" ("Soul-War"), about AD 400. The plot consists of the personified "good" virtues of Hope, Sobriety, Chastity, Humility, etc. fighting the personified "evil" vices of Pride, Wrath, Paganism, Avarice, etc. The personifications are women, because in Latin words for abstract concepts have feminine grammatical gender; an uninformed reader of the work might take the story literally as a tale of many angry women fighting one another, because Prudentius provides no context or explanation of the allegory.
<doc id="1957599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1957599" title="Louis Rose">
In both bearing and standards.
The name is from Latin: "halotrichum" for salt hair.
In 2008, the Sting were merged with Otago Rebels to compete as the Southern Steel in the trans-tasman ANZ Championship.
The 1900 season in Swedish football, starting January 1900 and ending December 1900:
"The church carrying the name of Arkadi is consecrated to Saint Constantine ".
The internal conflict of Finnish communists began in the mid-1960s, when the party led by the new chairman Aarne Saarinen, began to modernize the party line / outlook. A minority of the party cadre didn't accept this and they accused the SKP leadership of being revisionist. SKP didn't break up in the 1960s and the party was formally united until the mid-1980s. After the 20th party congress in 1984 things, however, changed as Arvo Aalto was elected chairman, after which the opposition didn't participate in (or was left out of) the SKP central committee. The opposition, which was also known as “taistoists”, called supporters of Aalto “axe liners”.

Central Administration.
Ater treating the Thessalian families of Peisidice and Canace, the poet turned to the intermingled Aetolian-Elian lines of Calyce and Perimede. Perimede had earlier in the book borne two sons to the river Achelous, one of whom was the grandfather of Oeneus, Hippodamas. To Aethlius Calyce bore Endymion, whose son Aetolus was the eponym of Aetolia and the great-grandfather of Demodice and Porthaon, through whom the later Aetolian and Elian genealogies were traced. Somewhere within these families, Eurytus and Cteatus were found in a form more fearsome than they were in the "Iliad": in the "Catalogue" they were fierce conjoined twins with two heads, four arms and an equal number of legs. Most significant for the epic tradition, however, was the marriage of Demodice's son Thestius and Porthaon's daughter Eurythemiste which produced the daughters Leda, Althaea and Hypermestra, who are introduced in a group Ehoiai at fr. 23a.3–5.
On March 27, 2010, a bench clearing brawl erupted between The Ice Bears and arch rival Fayetteville. There was a total of 19 players ejected. In the 3rd with the Ice Bears winning 5-3, little players were remaining. The Ice Bears took a 9-4 lead. The Game was declared a forfeit at 10:45 of the 3rd period as Fayetteville had 2 skaters remaining after several Fayetteville players intentionally drew penalties so their team wouldn't have enough players to play. There was total of 26 games in all suspensions.
