Mum (or mummy) is a colloquial term for mother, the female parent.
As of 2007, there were a record 120 CIS football players on the rosters of Canadian Football League teams. 
The northernmost part of the peninsula is maintained as a reserve for Tule Elk, which are readily seen there. The preserve is also very rich in raptors and shorebirds.
<doc id="383467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=383467" title="Doordarshan">
Educational:

EPs
Alois Kayser
<doc id="383750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=383750" title="Ed Sprague, Jr.">
A related cause of accidents is failure of control software, as in the cases involving the Therac-25 medical radiotherapy equipment: the elimination of a hardware safety interlock in a new design model exposed a previously undetected bug in the control software, which could lead to patients receiving massive overdoses under a specific set of conditions.
In 2005, evidence of the first cultured “low temperature Crenarchaea” was published. Named "Nitrosopumilus maritimus", it is an ammonia-oxidizing organism isolated from a marine aquarium tank and grown at 28 °C.
Virginius affair 1873.
Second administration.
Unique Identifiers Rule (National Provider Identifier).

Aboriginals.
Common synonyms for "crank" include crackpot and kook. A crank differs from a fanatic in that the subject of the fanatic's obsession is either not necessarily widely regarded as wrong or not necessarily a "fringe" belief. Similarly, the word "quack" is reserved for someone who promotes a medical remedy or practice that is widely considered to be ineffective; this term however does not imply any deep belief in the idea or product they are attempting to sell. "Crank" may also refer to an ill-tempered individual or one who is in a bad mood, but that usage is not the subject of this article.
The Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (, "Sovet Ekonomicheskoy Vzaimopomoshchi", , "SEV"; English abbreviation COMECON, CMEA, or CAME) was an economic organization from 1949 to 1991 under the leadership of the Soviet Union that comprised the countries of the Eastern Bloc along with a number of socialist states elsewhere in the world. The Comecon was the Eastern Bloc's reply to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Co-Operation in Western Europe.
• Govza
Presidents of the university.
Harriet was born in New Orleans, Louisiana on June 10, 1833, the daughter of a Spanish merchant (son of one of Napoleon Bonaparte's soldiers) and a Frenchwoman, who was the daughter of a Bordeaux winegrower. Harriet and her seven brothers were raised in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In 1851 she returned to her native Louisiana to join the performance group: "New Orleans Varieties". Later she would travel to New York where she would take the stage name Pauline Cushman.
The Victor B.2 featured a distinct change in the aircraft's engine arrangements; incorporated into the right wing root was a Blackburn "Artouste" airborne auxiliary power unit (AAPU), effectively a small fifth engine. The AAPU was capable of providing high-pressure air for starting the main engines, and also providing electrical power on the ground or alternatively in the air as an emergency back-up in the event of main engine failures. The AAPU also acted to reduce the need for external specialist support equipment. Turbine-driven alternators, otherwise known as ram air turbines (RATs), had been introduced on the B.2 to provide emergency power in the event of electrical or hydraulic power being lost. Retractable scoops in the rear fuselage would open to feed ram air into the RATs, which would provide sufficient electrical power to operate the flight controls. In the event of engine flameout RATs would assist the crew in maintaining control of the aircraft until the main engines could be relit.


Marriage and family.
The role of presiding over the House of Lords was removed from the office of Lord Chancellor by the Constitutional Reform Act 2005. As a result, the Lord Chancellor's former role in introductions has been the Lord Speaker's since 2006.
Landor wrote over three hundred Latin poems, political tracts and essays, but these have generally been ignored in the collections of his work. Landor found Latin useful for expressing things that might otherwise have been "indecent or unattractive" as he put it and as a cover for libellous material. Fellow classical scholars of the time put Landor's Latin work on a par with his English writing.
Granting and proving descent of arms.

The DVD includes a "director's dialogue" between Soderbergh and playwright/director Neil LaBute, recorded in 1998. LaBute's presence leads to conversational tangents unrelated to the film, although most of the tangents are related to the question of what it means to be a director, and are intended, as Soderbergh summarizes at the end, to "demystify" the process of making a film. LaBute's presence prompts Soderbergh to talk about reverse zooms, dolly shots, how actors have varying expectations of their director, the difference between stealing from a film you admire and paying tribute to it, shooting out of sequence, how the role of a director changes as their success (and their budgets) grow, and other filmmaking topics.
Controversy exploded in 1964 when Berkeley students led the Free Speech Movement in protest of regulations limiting political activities on campus, including Civil Rights advocacy and protests against the Vietnam War. It culminated in hundreds of arrested students at a sit-in. Kerr’s initial decision was to not expel University of California students that participated in sit-ins off campus. That decision evolved into reluctance to expel students who later would protest on campus in a series of escalating events on the Berkeley campus in late 1964. Kerr was criticized both by students for not agreeing to their demands and by conservative UC Regent Edwin Pauley and others for responding too leniently to the student unrest.
<doc id="385111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=385111" title="Bud Bird">
