Charlotta Löfgren was the daughter of the local official Anders Löfgréen (d. 1728) and Anna Schreibe and the sister of the poet Henrik Anders Löfgren. She married in 1738 to the vicar Petrus Lagerman (1706-1790), who occasionally wrote poems as well. She lived in Norrköping from 1746, where she was a local literary celebrity and wrote poems for festive public occasions.
<doc id="41955714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41955714" title="Count Karl Bonaventura Finck von Finckenstein">
In his dissertation, Dr. Noehardi Magetsari (2000) mentioned that the structure of Borobudur actually show the developmental stages of a yogi experiences to achieve Buddhahood where feelings and thoughts stop. Borobudur's popular term of "Kamadhatu", "Rupadhatu", "Arupadhatu" are also contained in Sanghyang Kamahayanikan.
Reception.
The cellmates argue over what to do with the book. Paquerette grabs the book and starts to eat its pages only to be over-powered by an unseen force which twists his entire body until his spine and neck snap. The other three prisoners are blamed by the guards for Paquerette’s death, condemning them to stay in prison for life. Lasselle believes that the book was defending itself. A new prisoner named Picus arrives, a friendly, eccentric man who always carries a video camera. Later, the others wake up one morning to find that Picus has disappeared, leaving his camera and the journal on the floor. They watch the last piece of footage on the camera in which Picus reads an incantation from the book whereupon a brightly lit doorway appears on the wall through which he walks. They ask the guards about Picus but the latter reply that they do not know who the cellmates are talking about, revealing that Picus was a hallucination concocted by the book, designed to reveal the book’s true powers.
Notes.
<doc id="41958101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41958101" title="The Great Food Race">
Life.
Few records of the church's history exist, possibly because no single denomination or organization took ownership. Several Christian denominations held meetings at Old Pine Church, including the Schwarzenau Brethren (or German Baptist Brethren), which began holding services at the church in the late 19th century. As many of the Mill Creek valley's settlers were of German descent, Old Pine Church structure may have also been built as a meeting place for Brethren adherents, known as "Dunkers" or "Dunkards." It is believed that Old Pine Church was also used by German Methodists. The Brethren was a Christian denomination of Anabaptist origin that practiced baptism by triune immersion and exercised nonresistance. Brethren adherents believed only in the New Testament, and professed no other creeds. The interior of Old Pine Church, which consists of a single common space for all worshippers, also illustrates the building's connection with the Brethren and the denomination's beliefs regarding slavery. According to the minutes from the 1782 meeting of the Brethren in Franklin County, Virginia: "It has been unanimously considered that it cannot be permitted in any way by the church that a member should purchase Negroes or keep them as Slaves." While many residents in Hampshire County prior to the American Civil War were slaveholders, it is thought that Brethren adherents in the county did not own slaves or depend upon slave labor.
