The couple often registers for gifts at a store well in advance of their wedding. This allows them to create a list of household items, usually including china, silverware and crystalware, linens or other fabrics, pots and pans, "etc." Registries are intended to aid guests in selecting gifts the newlyweds truly want, and the service is sufficiently profitable that most retailers, from luxury shops to discount stores, offer the opportunity. Registry information should, according to etiquette, be provided only to guests upon direct request, and never included in the invitation. Some couples additionally or instead register with services that enable money gifts intended to fund items such as a honeymoon, home purchase or college fund. Some find bridal registries inappropriate as they contravene traditional notions behind gifts, such as that all gifts are optional and delightful surprises personally chosen by the giver, and that registries lead to a type of price-based competition, as the couple knows the cost of each gift. Traditionally, weddings were considered a personal event and inviting people to the wedding who are not known to at least one member of the couple well enough to be able to choose an appropriate gift was considered inappropriate, and registries should therefore be unnecessary. Whether considered appropriate or not, others believe that weddings are opportunities to extract funds or specific gifts from as many people as possible, and that even an invitation carries an expectation of monetary reward rather than merely congratulations.
Currently, the major part of the information in neXtProt
BlueToad, Inc. is a digital publishing company that converts PDFs into digital editions viewable on desktop and mobile devices. Types of publications include magazines, retail circulars and catalogs, marketing brochures, and documents. 



The following Kerry players were among the fifteen selected for the Football Team of the Millennium:
The Yarn Manufacturing Laboratory provides practical knowledge regarding the blow room section, carding machine, combing machine, ring frame, roving frame, automatic yearn texturing m/c (Reyter).
