Background.
<br>
2001 Hardy Krüger
Titles.
Jan Arnošt Smoler
Bred and raced by H.H. Aga Khan IV, Kalanisi was out of the mare Kalamba, a daughter of Green Dancer, a Champion sire in France who was a son of the English Triple Crown winner, Nijinsky. Kalanisi was sired by Doyoun, winner of the 1988 British Classic Race, the 2,000 Guineas Stakes. Doyoun was a son of Mill Reef whose multiple Group One wins included the Epsom Derby and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and who was voted 1971's European Horse of the Year.
Middle Ages.
The Patriot Party () is a political party in Indonesia. It was established as the Pancasila Patriot's Party as a result of a deliberations at the sixth national conference of the Pancasila Youth () organization in 1996. At the time, the organization's political goals were channeled by Golkar, but in its conference the year after the 1998 Fall of Suharto, Pancasila Youth withdrew from Golkar. The conference also decided the time was right to establish a political party, and it was declared on 1 June 2001, the anniversary of Sukarno's Pancasila speech. The party was officially and legally established two years later. Thus the Patriot Party is described as the political wing of the Pancasila Youth.
Roger Godberd was a medieval outlaw who has been suggested as a possible historical basis for the legend of Robin Hood.
By 1984, the DPRK had produced and flight-tested its Hwasong-5, which reportedly has a range of 320 km compared to the Scud-B’s 300 km; the extra 20 km is attributed to improvements in the missile’s propulsion system and not a reduction in the mass of the warhead. Just as North Korea was beginning to manufacture the Hwasŏng-5, Tehran approached Pyongyang in 1985 to purchase the missile for use in the “war of the cities” with Iraq. North Korea began to construct missile bases for the Hwasŏng-5 around 1985-86, just before the missile went into serial production around 1987. North Korea’s ballistic missile development then accelerated at a fast pace; as soon as mass production of the Hwasŏng-5 began, North Korea began developing the Hwasŏng-6 (火星-6 or Scud-C), the Rodong (commonly known as Nodong-1), the Paektusan-1 (白頭山-1; commonly known as the Taepodong-1), the Paektusan-2 (白頭山-2; commonly known as the Taepodong-2), and the Musudan.
Calgary.

She will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

Embarkation.

It seems likely that Urbicus planned his campaign of attack from Corbridge, advancing north and leaving garrison forts at High Rochester in Northumberland and possibly also at Trimontium as he struck towards the Firth of Forth. Having secured an overland supply route for military personnel and equipment along Dere Street, Urbicus very likely set up a supply port at Carriden for the supply of grain and other foodstuffs before proceeding against the Damnonii.
"Passumpsic" began active service with the Military Sealift Command in 1975. One of her first tasks was a three month deployment from Subic Bay as part of the 1975-1976 Indian Ocean task group. The task group consisted of the , and . The task group was replenished in the Arabian Sea by . At the end of her career, she supported ships operating in Operation Desert Storm in Iraq in 1991.
