Legacy.
In 1959, McDonald became one of the first scientists to join NASA's new Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. For the next 11 years, he carried out cosmic ray research here as head of the Energetic Particles Branch. During that time, he provided the conceptual framework for a series of small spacecraft known as the international monitoring platforms, or IMP.

Early life.
The Tong Wars were fought not only on the streets and alleys of the Chinatown, but also on the rooftops in a deadly guerrilla warfare-like fashion. In a large number of cases, a tong war was started over the issue of a woman, whether it be the failure of one tong to fully pay for a slave-girl of another tong (As in the case of the Bing On tong – Wah Sin San Fan tong War) or just for the sheer fact of the limited amount of Chinese women in the area during the time (Hop Sing tong- Suey Sing tong War). Other tong wars started due to a variety of issues, such as defamation of a rival tong’s “face” to attempting to take another tong's business. The Bing On tong – Wah Sin San Fan tong War was caused when Bing On sold the girl to a Wah Ting member but he did not pay the full amount specified, and the Bing Ons demanded that the bill be paid. The Wah Tings replied that the girl was not even worth $500 and if they wanted to do something about it they were welcome to try at their own risk. The Hop Sing tong- Suey Sing tong War was particularly bloody, and by the time a truce was signed, four Hop sings lay dead with four more wounded compared to the Suey Sings’ two dead, one wounded. This ongoing war was particularly bloody, as even though the truce was signed, they went back to war for a two more times, one time being of a three-month duration in 1900, which produced even deadlier results (seven dead in total, eight wounded and not a single murderer captured by police). The other each killed one member of the other group, and the Hop Sings attempted to dynamite their rivals' headquarters.

Several brain regions including the bilateral anterior insula (AI), rostral anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), brainstem, and cerebellum were activated both in instances of first person painful experience and observed painful experience. The bilateral anterior insula (AI) and rostral anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) are therefore hypothesized to take part in the emotional reaction evoked from witnessing another in pain. The somatosensory region of the brain was not shown by fMRI to be excited during pain observation, rather only when the pain was experienced firsthand.
British mandate era.
Implications for future therapies.
Kalib married Goldie Szachter (a Holocaust survivor) in 1954 and had two daughters: Ruth and Vivian. 
Senior Championships.
number of drownings.

<doc id="37694964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37694964" title="Finnell">
On 4 May 1919, the WWF were blockading the wharf to prevent the NWWU workers from reaching the "Dimboola". The NWWU workers, however, arrived in boats down the river, accompanied by the Western Australian Premier, Hal Colebatch (who was only Premier for a month). In the fracas, Tom Edwards, a union worker, was attempting to assist the WWF president William Renton when he was struck on the head by a police baton. He died three days later at Fremantle Hospital.
The following appeared in the November 4, 1942, edition of the "Montreal Gazette":
Edward Caruana Dingli (born 24 April 1992) is a Maltese freestyle swimmer, holding the 400m freestyle (LCM) and the 200m individual medley (LCM) national record and five relay national records. He currently forms part of the Maltese national team. He is currently a third year law student at the University of Malta.
Etiwan Park is a public park on Daniel Island in Charleston, South Carolina. The city spent $100,000 on the first phase of the park's development starting in late 1995. Work continued, and the city spent $325,000 in the fall of 1998.
Panda Entertainment
In the late-90s, Aroeste was working for the National Foundation for Jewish Culture in New York, where she created The New Jewish Musics Initiative. She was disappointed that, while there was a revival of Ashkenazi klezmer music, there was no similar revival for Sephardic music. Unable to find any modern Ladino music, she started her own Ladino rock band in 2001. At the time, there were very few people playing Ladino music. Born Sarah Silverman, she adopted her mother’s maiden name when she began performing as a Ladino musician. Her goal was to obtain a wider, younger audience for Ladino music, by rearranging the traditional music of her ancestors to give it a hip, modern spin. Aroeste has been at the forefront of the contemporary Ladino music revival.
Performance history.
