Over time, Glavaš developed a rivalry with the Osijek mayor Zlatko Kramarić, who was his opposite in everything—from politics to style. After the 1993 local elections, Kramarić came to power in Osijek, but Glavaš and his HDZ kept the rest of the Osijek-Baranja county. In that period Glavaš surprised many by offering agricultural subsidies to ethnic Serb citizens in then-occupied sections of eastern Slavonia, and explaining that he would be "first in peace just as he was first in war".
The sport of western pleasure has been criticized on account of an extremely low head position many judges were favoring in the stock horse breeds, known as the "peanut roller." In this head set, horses carry their heads with the poll far below the level of their withers. This is a problem because it also forced the horse to travel at an extremely slow pace on the "forehand" (carrying too much weight on their front legs instead of rocking it correctly back onto their hind legs). Over long periods of time, moving in this highly artificial frame can cause soundness problems in some horses, and even a sound horse cannot properly bring its hindquarters under its body when traveling forward. This fad and its problems created a poor view of the discipline as a whole, especially by competitors in other equestrian sports.
Graduate Law Program (LL.M., S.J.D., Certificate, Teaching Fellowship).
The town’s name was derived from the native word meaning “convergence point,” in reference to several major tributaries of the Cagayan River in Aurora, Nueva Vizcaya and Qurino meeting at points within this area.

"Guerrilla Resistance Movement in the Philippines, 1941-1945"
Works.

In January 2010, New Hampshire Senator Judd Gregg, a guest on "It's the Economy", hosted by Brewer and Melissa Francis, called for cuts in the federal budget. When Gregg failed to respond to Francis' questions concerning the specific cuts he supported, Brewer pressed him, asking "Which programs are you willing to cut? Are you willing to tell schools, no money for you?" Gregg reacted by saying Brewer was "absurd", "fundamentally dishonest", "irresponsible" and lacked "integrity" for her handling of interviews, and stated "in your introduction to me, you said that, that education funding would be cut."
Critical response to "The Legend of Hell House" varied. In 1976, Roger Ebert wrote in his review of "Burnt Offerings", another movie about a haunted house, that ""The Legend of Hell House" brought out the fun in this sort of material very well." In his "2002 Movie & Video Guide", Leonard Maltin gave the film three of four stars and called it "Not the usual ghost story, and certain to curl a few hairs." "Time Out" called the film disappointing but approved of Pamela Franklin's performance. "TV Guide" stated that "While director John Hough does a fine job with the things-that-go-bump-in-the-night aspects of the material, he fails to breathe any life into Richard Matheson's woefully underdeveloped screenplay."

Timothy Bentley, founder of 'Bentley & Shaws' Lockwood Brewery, is recognised as the inventor of the Stone Square system of brewing beer. This method allowed high levels of carbon dioxide to remain in the beer during fermentation, helping to give it a unique flavour and smoothness when served. The stone used in the brewery came from stone quarries in Elland.
