
His tenure as president saw the enactment of the Spanish Political Parties Act, which sought outlaw any party that did not condemn the terrorism of ETA. Under this law, Batasuna was declared illegal by the Spanish Supreme Court, which considered that it had tangible links to ETA and participated in its financing by channeling part of the public money it was entitled to as a party with representation in the Basque Parliament. Consequently, the court ordered the Parliament to disband the parliamentary group of the former party, Sozialista Abertzaleak, which, even though they would still be members of the Parliament, would have denied them the public money allotted to groups. Given that the standing rules of the Parliament did not contemplate the disbanding of parliamentary groups, the nationalist majority in the Bureau decided that they would need to be modified to allow the procedure if so requested by the Supreme Court. However, the same nationalist majority then voted against the modification. This started a chain of lawsuits in both the High Court of the Basque Country and the Spanish Supreme Court in which the three nationalist Bureau members were charged with an offence of contempt of court for their disobedience of a final ruling of the Supreme Court. After being initially acquitted on parliamentary immunity by the Basque High Court and an appeal by the Manos Limpias extreme-right union in 2007, founded by Miguel Bernard Remón, the Supreme Court sentenced him to a €18,000 fine and 18 months of inhabilitation for the exercise of any public office in early 2008.
Born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin, and taught in the public schools in Wisconsin for 10 years. From 1994-2001, he served as the senior editor of the Journal of Cultural Research in Art Education, a publication of USSEA a national affiliate of International Society for Education through Art (INSEA). He served on the editorial board of Studies in Art Education and Art Education, publications of the National Art Education Association. He publishes widely about connections of aesthetics, cultures, ecology, education, pedagogy, and human computer interactions. In 2005, GreenMuseum.Org acquired the Art & Ecology: Interdisciplinary Approaches to Curriculum website he developed in 1997, for The Getty Education Institute for the Arts. In 1999-2000, he developed "Ethnic Arts: A Means of Intercultural Communication-Online" a distance education course to study how students mediate virtual environments while learning and communicating about ideas and issues of diversity and difference among their peers. In 2001 - 2002, he authored a teacher professional development online book/course "Identity and Place in Contemporary Art". This distance education book/course was a collaboration between Davis Publication, , PBS public television, and Marlboro College, Art: 21 produced "Contemporary Artists in the Twenty-first Century," a four-part videotape series examining the work of twenty-one contemporary artists.
<doc id="22296035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22296035" title="The Suburban">
The MUTCD's W20 series of signs is for warning signs relating to work zones. These signs are typically orange background ones used for temporary situations. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

After many years in the violin trade, he decided to set up his own business. Jacques Francais Rare Violins Inc. took up residence in the most prominent neighborhood, right next to Carnegie Hall at 250 W. 54th Street. He put together a formidable team inviting his friend and colleague Renè Morel (a Master Restorer), and young apprentices he hired have become the leading makers of our time: makers/restorers such as Samuel Zygmuntowicz, Horacio Piñeiro, Boris Sverdlik, David T. Van Zandt, James N. McKean, Jerry Pasewicz, Christophe Landon, Jonathan Woolston (UK) and Richard Oppelt to name a few.
"Iliahialoe" inhabits dry forests, low shrublands, and lava plains throughout the archipelago, including the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands, but has been extirpated from Laysan and Kahoolawe. Although never recorded on Niihau, its historic presence on the island is almost certain. "S. ellipticum" is generally found at elevations from sea level to , but populations can occur as high as . An isolated individual was observed growing at on the island of Hawaii.
in the United States<br>
