
Full Table at ESPNcricinfo

Buřt was listed no.15 on the Ustí region's Green Party ticket for the 2013 parliamentary elections, while Hana Krejčová appeared at no.8 on the same ticket. The Green Party won 3.19% of the national vote in the elections, i.e. not enough to surpass the 5% threshold to enter parliament. In the Ustí region itself, it won 2.68% of the vote. In Horní Jiřetín, the Green Party won 15.95% of the votes cast, which was the third best party performance behind ANO 2011 and the Czech-Moravian Communist Party.
<doc id="37662119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37662119" title="Loros">
Sayeh Khvosh (, also Romanized as Sāyeh Khvosh, Sāyeh Khosh, and Sāyeh Khowsh; also known as Sāyeh Krowsh) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,101, in 250 families. 
The Orenco B was a prototype American fighter aircraft of World War I. It was a single-engined, single seat biplane that flew in 1918. Although it demonstrated good performance, it did not enter large scale service.
Leslie Boney
In relations to open participation and communal evaluation is that a produsage content is often unfinished and in a continuous process of development. Since virtually all users can contribute to an existing content, there is always motivation to further improve upon it. Bruns identifies this characteristics as a stigmergic collaboration, with the example of a Wikipedia article being likened to a 'mark' or a palimpsest: a repeatedly over-written, multi-layered piece of document. Any user can have access to palimpsest and add on their contribution to the original mark. Most often, the produsage sites would offer the architectural tools to record the history of development of the materials, thus users are able to trace back the evaluation of materials through its various stages. An example is the produsage site ccMixter, a community music site using open source multimedia management system to allow users to create music remixes. The site allows the tools for retracing the music track back to its original form.
The NSW magistracy was reorganised. Quinn had been a magistrate but was not recommended for appointment. The Attorney General departed from the previous method of recommending former magistrates.
Broadcasting.



Past Presidents Committee
Three were loaned to the New South Wales Public Transport Commission in 1979 resulting in 80 mechanically similar class 81s being ordered in 1980. From July 1990 through working into New South Wales was introduced resulting in ALs operating services beyond Broken Hill to Lithgow.
No Sleep Records
33. For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any such original grant, or any such deed, mesne conveyance, or other instrument whatsoever, by which any quantity of land above one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within the same parts of the said dominions, a stamp duty of four shillings.

Rapps Bridge, also known as Rapps Dam Bridge, is one of fifteen surviving historic wooden covered bridge in Chester County, Pennsylvania. Rapps Bridge is located on Rapps Dam Road in East Pikeland Township. It is a , Burr truss bridge, constructed in 1866 by Benjamin F. Hartman. It has fieldstone abutments, horizontal siding and boxed cornices with returns at its portals. It is one of three covered bridges that cross French Creek, the others being Hall's Bridge and Kennedy Bridge.
Office costs and staffing.
The Women's Congress for Future Generations was designed to highlight the role women have to play in the future of the world, specifically when it comes to environmental issues. With the help of SEHN, the Congress concluded with the unveiling of a declaration outlining the responsibilities women have to future generations.
Puerto Rico Secretariat of Governance
"Admission" received mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 38% rating on based on 143 reviews, with the site's consensus: ""Admission" has a pair of immensely likable leads in Tina Fey and Paul Rudd, but it wastes them on a contrived (and clumsily directed) screenplay". Metacritic gives an average score of 48% based on 39 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews."
Babur marched towards Kunduz in the winter passing through the difficult Ab Darrah Pass. He spent the Eid ul-Fitr, Muslim festival marking the end of the month of Ramadan, near Bamyan. He reached Kunduz in January, 1511. As soon as his troops were rested and winter ended he marched towards the Fort of Qila Hissar Shadman taking it and expelling two important Uzbek leaders; Hamza Sultan and Mahdi Sultan.
