Titles for those sonatas are as follows: 
The Keokuk National Cemetery was established as a final resting place for bodies from five local U.S. Army hospitals in Keokuk. It holds over 600 Union soldiers, and 8 Confederate prisoners of war.

M. Ramadass (born 11 October 1949) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Pondicherry constituency and is a member of the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) political party led by S. Ramadoss. He lost to Narayanaswamy, in the 15th Lok Sabha election, in the renamed Puducherry constituency.
When he decided to return to network television two years later, in the fall of 1970, it was in "Headmaster", a drama, in which he played the headmaster of an exclusive Californian private school. When that program very quickly sank in the ratings, Griffith replaced it immediately with this one, which was much closer in tone and content to his earlier, more successful role, and this program replaced "Headmaster" on the CBS Friday night schedule effective January 8, 1971.
<doc id="7008658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7008658" title="Yémeda">
An avid supporter of women's rights, Floyd was joint author of the law permitting women to vote in primary elections and conventions in the state of Texas. A special note should be taken of his resolutions which applauded a U.S. Senator for his advocacy of women's suffrage. 
The scene shifts to Crysania, who is talking to Denubis, an old cleric. When Crysania leaves, the ancient elven cleric Loralon contacts Denubis and takes him away, as all true clerics in the world were taken away before the Cataclysm. Crysania then goes to the Kingpriest's chamber and meets Raistlin there. He reveals the Kingpriest for what he is, a mere man. Crysania runs, broken, from the chamber. Later, around Yuletime, she meets again with Raistlin and he warns her of the anger of the gods. Caramon, back at the games, discovers that Raistlin had nothing to do with the death of the man Caramon had killed in the games. Caramon, after meeting with Crysania, tries to deter some friends of his from staying in Istar, but they do not listen. Caramon then goes after the magical device that can return one person (not many people, as Caramon believes) to their proper time, but finds Tas has taken it in the hopes of preventing the Cataclysm. Finding out that Raistlin has arranged for Caramon's friends to fight him in the Arena, Caramon decides that he must kill Raistlin.
