This species was the only pleurocerid endemic to the Cahaba River that was considered extinct, and had not been found in surveys of the river conducted in 1992, 2005, and 2008.
Little is known of the biology or life history of the cylindrical lioplax.
Malarinia calcopercula

"A Gathering of Heroes" is a prequel, taking place approximately twenty years before the events in "The Lost Prince" and "King Chondos' Ride." Istvan Divega, a mercenary and famed swordsman, is approached by a mysterious figure with an urgent request for aid. He joins a band of heroes on a journey to defend the fortress city of Rath Tintallain against a great army that includes sorcerers, goblins, demons and werewolves.
<doc id="12658619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12658619" title="Mouldingia occidentalis">
Edward Marsh (born February 12, 1874 - died ?) was an American rower who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.
<doc id="12659141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12659141" title="Hunte (surname)">

Offachloritis
Linguaphone Group English language training centers.
Red Rhino Records
Opanara fosbergi is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae. This species is endemic to French Polynesia.
"The thinking behind these pics is not new," wrote Gabriel Snyder in "Variety" about the techniques employed by recent reality movies. "In the 1950s, Samuel Arkoff tapped into teen auds with quickies like "Rock All Night" and "Reform School Girl" and beach films such as "Bikini Beach" ("It's where every torso is more so, and bare-as-you-dare is the rule!"). London's "Evening Standard" called Andy Warhol's 1966 film "Chelsea Girls" a reality film and noted that the "Radio Times Guide to Film 2007" stated it was "to blame for reality television." The film consists of drugged-out conversations between Warhol Superstars Nico, Ondine, Brigid Berlin, Mary Woronov and Gerard Malanga. "I was the only one who memorised my lines," said Woronov, "and no one even noticed." In 1970, "Candid Camera" creator Allen Funt made the film "What Do You Say to a Naked Lady?", where he secretly filmed people's reactions to unexpected encounters with nudity in unusual situations. However, it was with the advent of reality television, which presents purportedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations, documents actual events, and features ordinary people instead of professional actors, combined with the smash box-office success of "Jackass The Movie" in 2002, that made reality film a genre studios began to consider seriously. "The Real Cancun" billed itself as "the first reality feature film", causing Scott Foundas to remark in his review in "Variety" that such a claim is "apparently ignoring last year's "Jackass The Movie"". In 2003 Comedy Central aired its feature length reality movie "Windy City Heat", starring Tony Barbieri and Bobcat Goldthwaite (who also directed). In the movie, friends of real life aspiring actor Perry Caravello convince him he is playing the lead (as a "sports memorabilia private eye") of an action movie titled "Windy City Heat," itself faux-directed by Bobcat Goldthwait; everyone is in on the elaborate joke except Caravello.



Partula cytherea
<doc id="12661944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12661944" title="Partula mooreana">
Partula turgida

Stance and backswing.
Plegma is a genus of minute, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae.
