In his very first scene, he is forced to explain his name, saying that his "father was named Mary, his father before him was named Mary, and his father before him was named Craig". He has very odd quirks, including a "creepy handshake." After studying the Yang case for 13 years, he returned to Santa Barbara when Yang resurfaced. He provided several insights that were invaluable in catching Yang and bringing her to justice.
Sigma1 Ursae Majoris
Hainaut-Sambre.
The 1985 Pichilemu earthquake occurred on 8 April at with a moment magnitude of 7.5 and a maximum perceived intensity of VII ("Very Strong"). The shock was centered southwest of Santiago, Chile, with a focal depth of .
Tom Simpkin
Rembert Church
Central Methodist Church (Spartanburg, South Carolina)
Faced with the daring and modern script, Radio-Canada refused to broadcast it at first, but changed its mind a few years later.
Bay of Plenty.
Golfo Azzurro
Championships.

The layout of the portraits and battle paintings in the Salón, based on the reconstruction produced by Jose Alvarez Lopera, which is in turn based on the "Silva topográfica" by Manuel de Gallegos and the 1701 inventory, is as follows:
Lainson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

After the Armistice with Germany and the conclusion of the war, squadron flying continued on a limited basis to keep the pilots proficient in their skills. However, the main endeavors of the Group was Army administrative paperwork. During the weeks following the signing of the Armistice, the IV Corps Observation Group was relieved from Second Army on 21 November 1918 and transferred to the new Third Army Air Service, which was assigned to the Third Army's march to the Rhine River and the Occupation of the Rhineland.
Hyrst Priory
Valentin Bousch
Source: 1993-94 Season Colchester United Results - coludata.co.uk

Thus, around the year 899, was built this monastery where Benedictine monks moved the old chapel. This monastery was later replaced by another monastery whose church was consecrated in 1102 by Bishop Diego Gelmírez, but not much remains of that era.
Sà Phìn
Las Vegas Jailhouse is an American documentary television series that shows Las Vegas police officers handling the detention and booking process of various criminals arrested in Las Vegas, most of which are drunk drivers, the publicly intoxicated, and prostitutes. The show is filmed in the Clark County Detention Center.
<doc id="28762977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28762977" title="Arnim Tölke">

List of political parties in Sint Maarten
Kier (industrial)
Type 99.
The Union.

The video won the award for "Best Video" at the 1993 MuchMusic Video Awards. The video was also nominated in the "Best Video" category at the 1993 Juno Awards.
Flying Officer John Fraser Drummond DFC (19 October 1918 — 10 October 1940) was an RAF fighter pilot, an official ace who flew in the Battle of Britain.
Wilson desk.
Diamonds and Dirt
Description.
