Shalin Zulkifli
Old Montague is the patriarch of the house of Montague, and the father of Romeo and uncle to Benvolio. As with Capulet, it would be incorrect to refer to him as "Lord Montague". He worries over Romeo's relationship with Rosaline (with whom Romeo was in love at the beginning of the story), but cannot get through to his son. He later pleads with the Prince to prevent his son from being executed, and gets his wish when the Prince lowers Romeo's punishment to banishment. In the texts his name is actually spelled "Mountague", but Montague now seems well-established.
Adara.

International career.
ESOL Skills for Life is externally assessed by a Trinity examiner. 
Location.
Transport.
Riesweiler’s mayor is Thomas Auler, and his deputies are Siegfried Auler and Alfred Hottenbacher.
In 1295, Würrich had its first documentary mention and was held by the Counts of Sponheim. As early as 1317, a chapel in Würrich was mentioned. In 1437 the village passed to the Margraviate of Baden and the Counts Palatine of the Rhine, who jointly ruled Belg and Würrich. In 1708, their holdings were partitioned and the two villages were assigned to the Margraviate of Baden. Beginning in 1794, Würrich lay under French rule. In 1815 it was assigned to the Kingdom of Prussia at the Congress of Vienna. Since 1946, it has been part of the then newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
<doc id="13016544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13016544" title="Sohrschied">
The following are listed buildings or sites in Rhineland-Palatinate’s Directory of Cultural Monuments:
Mutterschied’s mayor is Walter Memmesheimer.
The municipality’s arms might in English heraldic language be described thus: Sable a bendlet sinister Or between a lion rampant sinister of the second armed and langued gules and a fess of the second couped at the bendlet sinister.

Hambach has a volunteer fire brigade, which was founded in 1971.
However, he was defeated by Liberal candidate Hervé-Edgar Brunelle in 1935.
<doc id="13017443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13017443" title="REME Museum of Technology">
Inchy-en-Artois
Members of that committee were:
Rafik is the son of Laroussi Khelifa a former minister. He started his career as a pharmacist. In 1998, he founded El Khalifa Bank, which managed the interests of small private shareholders and institutional shareholders related to the Algerian government. Continuing his activities in France, he quickly created an empire which employed 14,000 people. He was in the luxury cars rental business, before founding Khalifa TV in France, Khalifa Airways, and buying a private hotel in Cannes —which had belonged to the eccentric billionaire known as La môme Moineau— in .
Other prisoners were engaged in breaking stones which were used for roadbuilding, oakum picking (unpicking old ropes) and other tasks.
The subsidiary Safeway Australia was created, and by 1985 the chain had grown to 126 supermarkets trading under the Safeway banner across Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. Safeway's stores in New South Wales were named "Red S" because Safeway infringed the registered trademark of another supermarket called "Saveway". The distribution centre located in Wellington Road, Mulgrave, Victoria, formerly housed Safeway's head office.
O'Neill played for EC VSV in Austria in the 1998–99 season before returning to North America to play for the Long Beach Ice Dogs and the Michigan K-Wings during 1999–00 season.
"Gordonia" conducted a brief shakedown cruise in the Gulf of Mexico before departing for the Pacific Ocean. She loaded refrigerated cargo at Mobile, Alabama, transited the Panama Canal, and arrived Pearl Harbor 1 July 1945. There the ship reloaded stores for fleet issue and steamed westward 10 July to bring supplies to the fleet off Okinawa. After stopping at Ulithi she spent 6 August – 23 August in the Okinawa area dispensing much-needed stores then returned to Pearl Harbor, arriving 13 September.
