The Grace Murray Hopper Awards (named for computer pioneer RADM Grace Hopper) has been awarded by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) since 1971. The award goes to a computer professional who makes a single, significant technical or service contribution at or before age 35.
Fiscal/monetary/financial.
In August 1940 the first squadron (No. 602 Squadron RAF) of Supermarine Spitfires was based at the satellite airfield at nearby Westhampnett, as the Battle of Britain began. By now the villagers had mainly been evacuated, and extensive ranges of RAF buildings had sprung up.
On 15 May 1958 the 406th was inactivated, with its three air defence squadrons being assigned to continental Europe under the 86th Air Division (Defense) at Ramstein Air Base West Germany. The squadrons were transferred to the following bases:
Until 1994 Mignola had done work for hire illustration. In 1994 Dark Horse Comics released ', Mike Mignola's creator-owned project. Though he wrote the story himself, it was scripted by John Byrne. The next "Hellboy" story, ', was completely written and drawn by Mike Mignola. Since then all "Hellboy" stories have been written solely by Mike Mignola with the exception of "" which was co-written by "Joshua Dysart".
Golden Age.
During the "Siege" storyline, Loki warns Balder that Norman Osborn is rallying up an army to invade Asgard following the incident with Volstagg and the U-Foes at Soldier Field. Balder is later informed about the situation with Volstagg by Hogun and Fandral. When Captain America arrives with the New Avengers and the Secret Warriors, Balder is pleased at the fact that Thor's allies have joined the battle. Balder remains King of Asgard after the failed Siege, but is stricken with great guilt, believing his rule has led to naught but ruin, but Thor persuades him to remain monarch and accept him as his new Chief Advisor.
After a long holdout that lasted until the beginning of Oilers training camp, Brewer finally signed a two-year, $4-million contract in September 2002. At the half of the 2002–03 NHL season, Brewer was named to play in his first NHL All-Star Game, dressing for the Western Conference in the fifty-third edition of the game. He finished with career highs for assists and points and set a career high for goals for the third consecutive season. He appeared in his second NHL playoffs, another quarterfinal series against the Dallas Stars in which the Oilers were once again eliminated four games to two. Brewer finished the playoffs with four points in the Oilers' six games.
<br>JB Weld
Arcade speaks to his robot about the progress in the teenage heroes' fight against each other. Deathlocket and Apex end up going further into Arcade's lair where they are attacked by Arcade. During the fight, Christopher Powell (who is revealed to still be alive) is awakened when Deathlocket releases him. Christopher then attacks Arcade and manages to knock him out. Apex, Deathlocket and Christopher corner Arcade who ends up teleporting away. When Apex tries to hack Arcade's computers, Arcade talked Apex into letting the game play out in order to position herself as the sole survivor. One week after Murderworld was shut down, Arcade is shown in a bathrobe within one of his safehouses where he has uploaded the footage of the Murderworld fights on YouTube.
The ADK was a Belgian automobile manufactured between 1922 and 1930 by Automobiles de Kuyper SA of Anderlecht, Brussels. The company was founded in 1922 by Robert De Kuyper. The company did not make their own engines, these were always bought from other manufacturers.
A Nitrate Film Preservation Facility on the Communications Research Centre campus in Shirleys Bay, on the outskirts of Ottawa, houses Canada's cellulose nitrate film collection. The collection contains 5,575 film reels dating back to 1912, including some of the first Canadian motion pictures and photographic negatives. The film material is highly sensitive and requires precise temperatures for its preservation. The state-of-the-art facility, which was officially opened on June 21, 2011, is an eco-designed building featuring an environmentally friendly roof that provides better insulation and minimizes energy expenditures.
Ibrahim Ahmad Abd al-Sattar Muhammad
Violet Crumble is an Australian chocolate bar manufactured in Campbellfield near Melbourne, Australia, by Nestlé. Violet Crumble is also common in Hawaii and is available in other places, including Hong Kong.
As in his other works, Garner peppers his characters' speech with the dialect of Cheshire. The inhabitants of Civil War Barthomley speak the broadest version, and the dialect is heard least among the rootless modern-day characters. The Roman-era characters speak, in the case of the soldiers, an Englishman's perception of Vietnam-era military jargon, and for the rest an English peppered with Cheshire dialect and pagan references. In attempting to "go native" Logan tries to master the differences between "Cats" speech and "Mothers" speech. Though the English language had not yet reached Britain, the differences in vocabulary suggest that the "Mothers" tribe speaks a Yorkshire dialect, e.g. calling a yard or enclosure a "garth".
<doc id="851287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=851287" title="2929 Entertainment">
First Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry, "Ironhorse", was activated as a horse squadron at Fort Myer, Virginia in 1901. It has served in the Philippines, Mexico, Europe, and Vietnam. It is now organized as an armor battalion, and comprises one of the two maneuver elements of the 11th ACR. It is organized around a Headquarters and Headquarters Troop (HHT), four companies ("A, B, C" flagged as Cavalry Troops, "D" flagged as an armor company) and an air defense battery "I", with a total authorized strength of 587 soldiers. It is equipped with the OPFOR Surrogate Vehicle, an M901 ITV highly modified with an M2/M3 Bradley Fighting Vehicle turret to represent the BMP-2 armored personnel carrier, and was recently equipped with the new OSTS-MBT (OPFOR Surrogate Training System-Main Battle Tank) a vehicle similar to the OPFOR Surrogate Vehicle which can simulate a wide spectrum of threat tanks. Using this equipment and configuration, the squadron performs the first of its two primary missions, acting as a non-permissive opposing force (OPFOR) during ten FORSCOM combat training rotations each year. The squadron's second mission is to deploy and fight as a tank battalion for various contingency operations throughout the world. In order to support this mission, the squadron must also maintain, operate and remain proficient on the M1A1 Abrams Tank.
B/RTS/278th ACR, Knoxville (SIG) ("Shockwave")
In May 1800 he with Anthony Carlisle discovered electrolysis, the decomposition of water into hydrogen and oxygen by voltaic current. The two were then appointed to a chemical investigation committee of the new Royal Institution. But his own interests shortly turned elsewhere.
In 2004, although his divorce from Nancy was not yet finalized, Les Moonves began dating CBS' "The Early Show" reporter Julie Chen. On December 10, 2004, Moonves got a court to grant an early divorce. Tired of waiting, Moonves' motion cited a "desire to return to the status of being single". Moonves foresaw a lengthy trial to settle the property and other issues. He argued that "terminating the marital status will aid in promoting settlement of this matter", and the judge gave his request the stamp of approval—leaving the divorce's alimony, child support and property division details to be determined later—so he could remarry. Just 13 days later in Mexico, he married television and news personality Julie Chen. On September 24, 2009, Chen gave birth to a son, Charlie.
Hartlepool by-election, 2004
Many companies now provide software to control fan speeds on their motherboards under Microsoft Windows. 
Worship practices.
Stitt played alto saxophone in Billy Eckstine's big band alongside future bop pioneers Dexter Gordon and Gene Ammons beginning in 1945 when he started to play tenor saxophone more frequently, in order to avoid being referred to as a Charlie Parker imitator. Later on, he played with Gene Ammons and Bud Powell. Stitt spent time at the Federal prison in Lexington Kentucky between 1948–49 for selling narcotics.
Hans Much (1880–1932) was a German author, writer and physician.
Gitanjali Gutierrez, a defense lawyer for al-Qahtani who works for the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights, has said she thought Qahtani's torture constituted a war crime.
In computing, Expat is a stream-oriented XML 1.0 parser library, written in C. As one of the first available open-source XML parsers, Expat has found a place in many open-source projects. Such projects include the Apache HTTP Server, Mozilla, Perl, Python and PHP. It is also bound in many other languages.
Total votes: 15 339
After the Kingdom of Qin managed to subdue the rest of China in 221 BC, the First Emperor divided his realm into relatively small commanderies, which were divided into still smaller counties. Repudiating the fiefs of the Zhou, both levels were centrally and tightly controlled as part of a meritocratic system. There was also a separately-administered capital district known as the Neishi.
Warrington closed for the 1915-16 season but recommenced playing in 1916 following the introduction of conscription which meant that would not be accused of keeping men from volunteering for the First World War.
Buckhurst Hill
The process of "selection" is undertaken when a completely new alternate environment is found to replace the previous, unsatisfying environment to meet the individual’s goals (Sternberg, 1985). For instance, immigrants leave their lives in their homeland countries where they endure economical and social hardships and go to other countries in search of a better and less strained life.
After moving to the United States with his family in 1991, Nazlymov captained the USA team at the World Championships from 1995–97 and at the 1995 and 1997 World University Games. Nazlymov also served as the sabre coach for the U.S. National Team from 1994-1999. Nazlymov guided US teams to ninth place finish at the 1996 Olympics, third place at the 1997 Junior World Championships, and 12th place at the Senior World Championships. He was named a coach for the 1999 U.S. Pan American Games and 1999 Senior World Championships teams. His U.S. Junior Team finished in second place in the overall medal count at the Junior Worlds in 2001. In 1999, he was named Coach of the Year by the United States Fencing Association.
For example:
More than 400 million years ago, in the Devonian Period, the plate tectonics movement of the Earth's crust allowed molten material to bubble up from the Earth's interior. This formed the rocks we see today and are part of the Great Nova Scotia batholith. The unique landscape of Peggys Cove and surrounding areas was subsequently carved by the migration of glaciers and the ocean tides. About 20,000 years ago, an ice ridge moved south from Canada’s Arctic region covering much of North America. Along with the ebb and flow of the glaciers, the ice ridge eventually melted and shifted and in the process scooped away and scoured large sections of rock, vegetation, and topsoil. As melted land glaciers flowed back to the oceans the changing tidal flows and rising sea levels filled the scarred areas with water, forming coves and inlets. Large boulders composed of 415-million-year-old Devonian granite, called glacial erratics, were lifted by the ice and carried for long distances before being deposited upon the landscape as the ice receded, leaving rugged barrens. The movement of the glacial ice and rocks left scouring marks in the bedrock that are still visible.
Historically the long mountainous system of the Phetchabun-Dong Phaya Yen-Sankamphaeng formed a barrier between Isan and the Central Plain. Until recently few roads crossed the system.
Neo-Keynesian economics is a school of macroeconomic thought that was developed in the post-war period from the writings of John Maynard Keynes. A group of economists (notably John Hicks, Franco Modigliani, and Paul Samuelson), attempted to interpret and formalize Keynes' writings, and to synthesize it with the neo-classical models of economics. Their work has become known as the neo-classical synthesis, and created the models that formed the core ideas of neo-Keynesian economics. These ideas dominated mainstream economics in the post-war period, and formed the mainstream of macroeconomic thought in the 1950s, 60s and 70s.
Sarven wrestled in various independent promotions throughout the 1980s and early 1990s, capturing both tag team and singles titles, but failed to make any big breaks. He gained a reputation as "the best-kept secret in wrestling". Sarven helped train future Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) Hall of Fame member and NWA World Heavyweight Champion Dan Severn. During this time he would sometimes wrestle as Shinobi, a ninja-style masked gimmick. He wrestled in the November 19, 1994 tournament for the vacant NWA World Heavyweight Championship, but he lost to Chris Candido, the eventual winner of the tournament.

In mathematics, a Motzkin number for a given number "n" (named after Theodore Motzkin) is the number of different ways of drawing non-intersecting chords on a circle between "n" points. The Motzkin numbers have very diverse applications in geometry, combinatorics and number theory. 
The Allstate was essentially a Henry J, but with a number of differences that included Allstate badges on the hood and rear deck, a more upscale interior of Saran plaid or occasionally leather or smooth vinyl, special hubcaps/wheel covers, horn buttons and instrument bezels, a locking glove box and trunk lid, special engine color (blue), custom armrests and sunvisors, revised door locks and keys, and special parking and taillamp assemblies. Most notably, the Allstate featured a unique two-bar grille and jet-plane hood ornament designed by Alex Tremulis, who had come to Kaiser-Frazer from the Tucker Corporation.
Wolverine's origin is shown in "", the fourth film in the X-Men film series (which, in the beginning of the film, is based strongly on the "Origin" comics), along with his and Victor Creed/Sabretooth's role on the two world wars, Weapon X, Team X and turning on each other. The film adds Creed in the "Origin" storyline, as Howlett's brother and fellow soldier. It also directly links Thomas Logan and Wolverine when Thomas states with his dying breath that he is Wolverine's real father.
Professional reviews.
Early life.
<doc id="853530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=853530" title="Meander River">
In popular culture.
On 15th. May 1921, Bishop Don Mauro Caruana declared the chapel as a Parish. Rev. Anton Anton Manché was the first Parish Priest of Gżira. The existing Parish Church was built between 1921 and 1935. 
Philip breaks off his relationship with Norah and supports Mildred financially though he can ill afford to do so. To Philip's dismay she falls in love with his good friend Harry Griffiths, and disappears. Philip runs into Mildred again when she is a single mother and, feeling sympathy for her, takes her in again, though he no longer loves her. When he rejects her advances, she becomes angry at him, destroying most of his belongings and leaves forever. In shame, and quickly running out of money, Philip leaves the house for good. Mildred exits from the plot, but fate is uncertain, unlike Bette Davis' character in the 1934 film by John Cromwell.
The Surface Warfare Officer Pin was designed to depict the traditional and typical elements of Naval service: waves breaking before the bow of a ship, overlaid on crossed swords, rendered in gold. The insignia recognizing Surface Warfare Officers was introduced in 1975.
Isadora Duncan.
Malayalam.
Asriel enters Cittàgazze and, after a battle, allies himself with the rebel angels under Xaphania. He travels to an empty world and builds an enormous basalt fortress, gathering armies from many different worlds to start his rebellion against the Kingdom of Heaven. Ruta Skadi finds him, and he tells her his plan, and gets her clan's support in the war. 

Because the U55 is not physically connected to the rest of the U-Bahn system, any trains being delivered to the new line will need to be taken by low loaders on the street and set on track through a tunnel opening located north of Hauptbahnhof station. There is also a provisorical workshop for basic maintenance and cleaning of carriages.
"Human Frailty" was released on 7 April 1986 and is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Hunters & Collectors. Their line up was John Archer on bass guitar, Doug Falconer on drums, Jack Howard on trumpet, Robert Miles on live sound, Mark Seymour on lead vocals and guitar, Jeremy Smith on French horn, and Michael Waters on keyboards and trombone.

