
The band performed during the late 1970s, 80s, and 90s at the helm of famed New Orleans clarinetist Chuck Credo, who toured with the band through Europe, Singapore, and Asia. Credo's Basin Street Six recorded one official release "Jazzin' From New Orleans To Nashville" in 1984 to coincide with the New Orleans World's Fair. The album is still in print and available through WCIII Records.
Searls' other military and aviation-themed novels included: "The Astronaut" (1962), "Pentagon" (1971), "Hero Ship" (1969), "The Big X" (1959), and "Altitude Zero" (1991). His other writings were "Firewind"
Phillies games used to be unavailable on the satellite version of MLB Extra Innings. Beginning in 2007, both the cable and satellite version of MLB Extra Innings began to use the CSN Philadelphia feed for some games and in 2008, when MLB Extra Innings began showing both feeds of most games, all Phillies games shown on CSN Philadelphia became available to all subscribers. In 2010, Phillies games on WPHL-TV (which are produced by CSN Philadelphia) were also shown on Extra Innings. Residents in the Philadelphia area cannot view these games due to blackout restrictions.
In 2007, Kelley starred in the film adaptation of "Hairspray". Both his performance and the film received positive reviews. On December 2, 2011, Kelley sang "The Star-Spangled Banner" prior to the Pac-12 Conference Championship Game at Autzen Stadium in Eugene, Oregon. He is the first choice to play Bobby Brown in the "Untitled New Edition Biopic".
In the Four Horsemen of the A-Pop-calypse segment Colbert criticizes the media (radio, film, television, and books) for hastening the end of civilization. The name of the segment is a reference to the biblical characters of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
One Oregon cable company, Canby Telcom, has objected to the additional annual charge in excess of $32 being required to be charged per customer in 2012 and has announced plans to stop carrying the channel. Canby Telcom President Keith Galitz is quoted as saying "That's just too steep an increase for us, and it's not in line with inflation or normal escalation of prices in the industry." Canby Telcom had announced plans to discontinue the channel as Comcast had offered a non-negotiable fee increase that would bring the annual per subscriber charge to over $32. Canby Telcom has accused Comcast of raising rates way beyond the rate of inflation and industry-wide increases. Clear Creek Television, which carried the Trail Blazers for 15 years, was rebuffed when even attempting to negotiate the above-market rate Comcast pushed at Clear Creek.
