Historian William Henry Scott has observed that, based on lexicostatistical analysis involving seven million word pairs linguist Isidore Dyen offered in 1962, two alternative scenarios explaining the origin and spread of Austronesian languages: (a) that they originated in some Pacific island and spread westward to Asia, or (b) that they originated in Taiwan and spread southward. Based on subsequent study of the second alternative, Scott concludes that the Philippine language tree could have been introduced by Austronesian speakers as long ago as 5000 BC, probably from the north, with their descendants expanding throughout the Philippine archipelago and beyond in succeeding millennia, absorbing or replacing sparse populations already present, and their language diversifying into dozens of mutually unintelligible languages which replaced earlier ones. During those millennia, other Austronesian speakers entered the Philippines in large enough numbers to leave a linguistic mark but not to replace established languages. Scott suggested that if this scenario is correct all present Philippine languages (except for Sama–Bajaw languages, which probably have more speakers outside the Philippines than within) were produced within the archipelago, none of them being introduced by separate migration, and all of them having more in common with each other than with languages outside of the Philippines.
In September, Gerth led "UB-12" in sinking two more ships and capturing a third ship as a prize. The 313-ton Norwegian steamer "Rilda" was sunk on 6 September, while the 55-ton "Marjorie" was sunk on the 28th. In between the Dutch ship "Niobe" was seized as a prize on the 7th.
Promise the Moon is a 1997 film by Kevin Sullivan, based on the book "The Four Arrows Fe-As-Ko" by Randall Beth Platt. The script was adapted by Kevin Sullivan and Peter Behrens, and directed by Ken Jubenvill.
"UB-2" was laid down by Germaniawerft on 1 November, one of the first two boats of the class started. She was launched at Kiel on 13 February 1915. As built, "UB-2" was long, abeam, and had a draft of . She had a single Daimler 4-cylinder diesel engine for surface travel, and a single Siemens-Schuckert electric motor for underwater travel, both attached to a single propeller shaft. Her top speeds were , surfaced, and , submerged.
See also.
!align="right"|7,249

<doc id="21620190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21620190" title="Poznań Royal-Imperial Route">
Graduate Programs.
History.
