The task of taking Villa Rogatti, the westernmost crossing point, was given to Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry (PPCLI). Having conducted reconnaissance on their objective during the night of 5 December 1943, an attack plan was devised by the battalion's commander—Lieutenant-Colonel Cameron Bethel Ware—detailing the objectives of all four rifle companies. Once the objectives had been secured by the early morning of 6 December, Anglo-Canadian reinforcements were to be moved into Villa Rogatti, with the intention of repulsing the expected potentially strong German counterattacks. Elements of three German regiments—the 200th and 361st Panzergrenadier, and 26th Panzer—maintained strong defences within the town.
The foliage and seeds of "Acacia schaffneri" have a protein content of about 11.6%.
Scoring Summary:

4th Quarter:
Scoring Summary:
Project Soul (the development team of the "Soul" series) had always given the impression that "Soulcalibur IV" would be their last installment as the team was rumored to be disbanded; however, Katsuhiro Harada (producer of the "Tekken" series) said he would seriously consider a sequel if there was sufficient interest and informed fans that he is willing to accept opinions and requests on his Twitter; however, he asked the messages to be short and simple due to his poor English skills. While the possibility of a sequel was stronger than ever, Namco had not made a statement(s) to solidify their commitment for the game. Fans were encouraged to maintain support and show interest to secure development of "Soulcalibur V". On May 11, 2011, Namco Bandai officially announced the new game, which was released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on January 31, 2012.

Scoring Summary:
Gau-Heppenheim is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The local sport club, "TV Lonsheim e.V.", founded in 1888, began a history of successes in the 1990s. The club’s greatest success was rising to the Verbandsliga, where opponents such as Waldalgesheim and Ingelheim await. Yet the true “climbers” are keeping themselves in the background and enjoying steadily growing success.
In summer of 2005, Rounder began to talk with the Grascals about making a music video for the song "Me and John and Paul". The video was released in early 2006 and was on circulation on the GAC channel. Late in the 2005 year as well, Dolly Parton asked the Grascals to open dates for her by the end of the year.
Buildings.
The "Sturmfedersches Schloss" harbours the only branch location of the "Musikschule Leiningerland", whose seat is in Grünstadt.
NTV was forced to close it down in 2002 after pressure from the Kremlin.
Bell began to write detective novels beginning in 1936 under her pen name. Many of her works used a medical background and featured the fictional character Dr. David Wintringham, who worked at Research Hospital in London as a junior assistant physician.
Patrick Willis (judge)

The roadway that carries SR 723 was constructed by 1961. For the first few years of its existence, SR 723 served as the western end of a section of I-70 that was complete. By 1967, I-70 was navigable in both directions from SR 723. Since then, no major changes have occurred to the route.

The Cadet was one of six models that Al Mooney designed during his eight years at Culver. He would leave to found Mooney Aircraft.
Bibliography.

Neighbouring municipalities.
Callbach’s population development since Napoleonic times is shown in the table below. The figures for the years from 1871 to 1987 are drawn from census data:
Buildings.
