Transitive and intransitive action verb groups share common conceptual ground. Here is an example taken from Japanese.

1972 NHL Expansion Draft
Anna and Sarah are horrified to discover George made no will since marrying Claudie. Consequently, they face losing everything to her. When William steps in with an offer of financial assistance, Claudie refuses to budge from the house.

The David Project is the first Israel advocacy organization to be recognized as one of the top 50 innovative Jewish organizations in America by Slingshot.
In 2007, Leonard Fein, founder of the National Jewish Coalition for Literacy and Moment Magazine, stated regarding Jacobs, "The David Project, his principal vehicle, is an ongoing disservice to the Jewish community. Where bridges might be built, it prefers confrontation; where sober analysis is called for, it opts for polemic; worst of all, wherever there is reason for hope, it insists on fear."
Five sailors represented Great Britain in 1924. It was the nation's fourth appearance in the sport. The British team finished with a silver medal; it was the first time Great Britain competed in sailing but did not win any gold medals in the sport.
<doc id="6084843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6084843" title="Zembra">
O'Donnell won the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress for this film (also for "The Flintstones" and "Car 54 Where Are You?") and Aykroyd earned nominations for Worst Supporting Actor (also for "North") and both O'Donnell and Aykroyd as Worst Screen Couple.
It formerly made the SEFA industrial oxygen rebreather.
Her Excellency Senyane has thanked Turnbull School in Ottawa, one of the many schools twinned through Help Lesotho, for the committed and loving relationship with Sefapanong Primary School, in Lesotho, by praising Mary Ann Turnbull, the school's headmistress through a school assembly on February 14, 2008. The assembly is also featured on a YouTube video documenting the lives of two school girls, both from Canada and Lesotho respectively, and how their friendship has changed both of their lives and perspectives.[http://www.lesothocanada.gov.ls/press/press_release_1_of_1.pdf
Wisconsin Highway 38
The minor makes the diploma more successful:
<doc id="6086212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6086212" title="Ottoman Turkish alphabet">

The horse was allowed to lengthen its stride, instead of approaching the fence in a very collect, stiff manner. The rider was positioned more forward at all times, including on the flat, so that the his body mirrored the more lengthened frame of the horse, and the stirrup was shortened so that the seat could easily hover above the saddle, with the thigh and lower leg providing the rider with support. Over the fence, the rider kept his seat out of the saddle, leaned slightly forward, and allowed his hands to follow the horse's mouth forward. His center of gravity was placed directly over the horse's, making the job of jumping as easy as possible. On landing, the rider remained slightly forward, instead of inclining backward as in the old seat. This position was held not only over fixed, upright obstacles, but up and down banks and over ditches.
France famously opted out of the 1982 Contest, with the national broadcaster TF1 calling Eurovision ""a monument to inanity" translated as ""drivel""." Due to public pressure, the country re-entered the Contest the next year with a new broadcaster, Antenne 2. Thus, the song was succeeded as French representative at the 1983 Contest by Guy Bonnet with Vivre.
The Vertical Hour
The class was superheated between 1915 and 1932. From 1921, all the round-top boilers were replaced by the Belpaire type and the majority were of the superheated type. 
From the , 43 or 4.8% were Roman Catholic, while 780 or 86.7% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 2 individuals (or about 0.22% of the population) who belonged to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 44 individuals (or about 4.89% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Jewish, and there was 1 individual who was Islamic. There was 1 person who was Hindu. 32 (or about 3.56% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 17 individuals (or about 1.89% of the population) did not answer the question.
Inspiration.
The Exton Square Mall is a shopping mall located in the village of Exton, in West Whiteland Township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at "the crossroads of Chester County" at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 Business (US 30 Bus.) and Pennsylvania Route 100 (PA 100). The mall is anchored by Macy's, Boscov's, and Sears, and also contains over 110 smaller stores and a food court. The Exton Square Mall is shaped as a square, with the southern half of the mall two floors and the northern half one floor. Macy's is located at the center of the mall while the other two anchor stores and the food court are on corners of the mall. It is owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT). 
In addition to standardizing drill, weapon caliber, pike length, and so on, Maurice turned to his readings in classical military doctrine to establish smaller, more flexible combat formations than the ponderous regiments and tercios which then presided over open battle. Each Dutch battalion was to be 550 men strong, similar to the size of the ancient Roman legionary 480-man cohort described by Vegetius. Although inspired by the Romans, Maurice's soldiers carried the weapons of their day—250 were pikemen and the remaining 300 were arquebusiers and musketeers, 60 of the shot serving as a skirmish screen in front of the battalion, the rest forming up in two equal bodies, one on either side of the pikemen. Two or more of these battalions were to form the regiment, which was thus theoretically 1,100 men or stronger, but unlike the tercio, the regiment had the battalions as fully functional sub-units, each of mixed pike and shot which could, and generally did, operate independently, or could support each other closely.
