In March 1997 Bradshaw sold the D&SNG to First American Railways, Inc., located in Hollywood, Florida. Then in July 1998 the railroad was sold again to American Heritage Railways. At the time American Heritage Railways was headquartered in Coral Gables, Florida. Since then their headquarters have been moved to Durango, Colorado. The D&SNGRR has two museums, one each in Durango and Silverton.
Cheseaux
La Ferrière has a population () of . , 7.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2000-2010) the population has changed at a rate of 6.2%. Migration accounted for 4.3%, while births and deaths accounted for 2.3%. 

Nods has an area of . As of 2012, a total of or 45.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 51.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.0% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.0% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.3% is unproductive land. 
Freud stated in a note in his revised 1910 edition of “Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality” that his conclusions about homosexuality were partly based on information obtained from Sadger. Sadger’s main work, "Die Lehre von den Geschlechtsverwirrugen [...] auf psychoanalytischer Grundlage" was published in 1921. Although he supported a hereditarian degeneracy theory, Sadger usually argued that homosexuality was due to accidental family events, but for unclear reasons he frequently reported family histories of sexual inversion. Sadger followed Freud’s idea that gay men unconsciously desire to castrate their fathers by rendering their male partners flaccid through orgasm so that they can magically incorporate their masculinity and finally obtain access to the mother.
Demographics.
By the end of the 19th century, most of the French-speaking Catholic residents had moved away and the village was now German speaking and Mennonite. In 1974-75, during the voting that led to the creation of the Canton of Jura, Rebévelier wished to remain part of the Canton of Bern. Therefore, in 1976, they were administratively moved from the Delémont district into the Moutier district so they could remain in Bern.
