In 2003 Profile Books published its first million copy seller, "Eats, Shoots & Leaves" by Lynne Truss. This book was the number one bestselling non-fiction title for 30 weeks and the Book of the Year at the British Book Awards 2004. Profile Books was awarded the Small Publisher of the Year award at the same event. 
Joke (or Jokes) is a given name, a short form of the female Johanneke (variant of Johanna) or the male Johannes, and may refer to:
Chilean Army.
Huasahuasi District
At the end of the 2007–08 season, which saw Tottenham finish 11th in the Premier League, the club announced the signing of Croatian playmaker Luka Modrić and reiterated that any club wishing to sign their Bulgarian striker Dimitar Berbatov would need to offer more than £30 million. Tottenham's transfer movement began immediately with Czech goalkeeper Radek Černý moving on a free transfer to QPR following the end of the season; Černý's loan deal had expired and was not offered a contract extension by Tottenham nor his parent club Slavia Prague. Little under a month later, Tottenham agreed a deal with Barcelona for 19-year-old Mexican forward Giovani Dos Santos for an initial fee of £4.7 million. Not long afterwards, Tottenham reached a deal with Dutch club PSV Eindhoven for Brazilian goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes, valued at around £8 million.
Unlike most of the state defense forces in the United States, Alaska State Guardsmen trained and certified with firearms in order to achieve proficiency to carry firearms when activated. However, in 2008, following an investigation of the leadership of Brigadier General Thomas Westall, then serving as the head of the ASDF, Governor Sarah Palin ordered the ASDF to disarm. The current structure of the ASDF is as a Readiness Brigade composed of readiness battalions. The military police (MP) function is in abeyance until needed by the Adjutant General for Alaska.
Succisa pratensis

<doc id="17166561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17166561" title="2002 Calder Cup playoffs">
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1973.

Attacks on CIA personnel.
Eran Kolirin (Hebrew: ערן קולירין) is an Israeli screenwriter and film director. 
Albert Coleman died in December 2007, but the Atlanta Pops symphony continues to feature a broad range of guest soloists and emerging talent.
Imponderable fluids are features of several superseded scientific theories, such as archaic atomic and electromotive theories.
of Larsa from 1785 BC to 1778 BC. He was the son of Nur-Adad, with
Acting.
16438 Knöfel
Tony Maserati
History.
Cathedral Mountain is a dominant mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in the central highlands in the state of Tasmania, Australia.


These arachnids are about 1/8 of an inch (3.175 mm) long with a yellow-brown color and long legs. Juveniles have a yellowish-white body. They live underground, have small eyes, and elongated appendages. All seven species live in the Karst ecosystem in Travis and Williamson counties in Texas.
