In the event, Bonaparte outmaneuvered Beaulieu during the Montenotte Campaign. After the French mauled his right wing in battles at Montenotte and Dego, Beaulieu watched in stunned inactivity as the French knocked Sardinia out of the war at the battles of Millesimo, Ceva, and Mondovì. Beaulieu withdrew his army behind the Po, hoping the river would stop the French advance. But Bonaparte marched west to cross the river near Piacenza, behind the Austrian left flank. The French defeated Anton Lipthay de Kisfalud at the Battle of Fombio on 7 to 9 May 1796. Hastily, Beaulieu withdrew his army to the east, dropping off a force under Karl Philipp Sebottendorf to hold the bridge over the Adda River at Lodi. Bonaparte seized the bridge in the Battle of Lodi on 10 May, driving back Sebottendorf with losses of 2,000 casualties and 14 guns. The Austrians abandoned Duchy of Milan and pulled back to the Mincio River. A minor defeat at the Battle of Borghetto on 30 May forced Beaulieu to abandon the Mincio line and retreat north to the Tyrol. Before leaving the Po valley, he left a strong garrison in the fortress of Mantua. The Siege of Mantua would become the focus of many battles during the remainder of 1796. During the retreat, Beaulieu relieved Lipthay from command of the rearguard for retreating too quickly. Thomas Graham, an English observer with the Austrian army, noted that Beaulieu seemed to expect too much from his soldiers, was irritated, and tended to blame the failure of his plans on others for not properly executing his orders. Graham also deplored the "petty intrigue" among the Austrian officers.
Biography.


<doc id="21632755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21632755" title="1975 Japanese Regional Leagues">
2008 Japanese Regional Leagues
In the promotion competition, four period winners (the best teams during each of the four quarters of the regular competition) played for promotion to the Eredivisie.
<doc id="21633046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21633046" title="Paul Honeyford">
During the Soviet occupation of Estonia, Nursipalu training area was part of the Soviet Army Visnevski military-campus and training area for Soviet Airborne Troops and missile brigade with the area of 3,703 ha.
List of Volbeat members
Several other now-familiar songs are also included on this album. The Laura Nyro song that closes the album – which came from her debut album "More Than a New Discovery" (1967) – was the title track of Barbra Streisand's 1971 album "Stoney End". The album reached #10 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums – Streisand's first Top Ten album in five years – while as a single, the song peaked at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Peggy Lipton also released "Stoney End" in 1968 (as a single).
<doc id="21634296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21634296" title="Chok anan">
In New York he met several Japanese as well. On September 12, ‘Abdu'l-Bahá reached Chicago. Fujita attempted to connect with ‘Abdu'l-Bahá at Cleveland but caught up with him in Chicago. Fujita would accompany ‘Abdu'l-Bahá across many American cities including Kenosha, Wisconsin, St. Paul and Minneapolis, Minnesota, Denver and Glenwood Springs, Colorado, Salt Lake City, Utah, and San Francisco and Stanford, California - Fujita would serve between the World Wars first in the household of ‘Abdu'l-Bahá and then of Shoghi Effendi. On October 22, ‘Abdu'l-Bahá reached San Francisco where he met Yamamoto who arranged for a presentation among a Japanese audience in Oakland.
