In 1880 Ericus Gerardus Duyvis, son of the second Teewis, built a steam oil factory and still produced mainly cattle-fodder. As of 1908 the company started exporting linseed oil and in 1920 it started to refine the oil. Between 1920 and 1930 the company became one of the largest oil exporting companies of the Netherlands. During the crisis years turnover declined and the company started producing salad oil for consumer usage. Throughout World War II oil production declined due to the inability to import the necessary raw materials. The company switched to the production of other vegetable oils products and increased its focus on the consumer market by selling branded products such as "Mayolande" which was sold under the "Bénénuts" brand.
Function.
Station Events.
KCNK10
<doc id="18420233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18420233" title="Harvey, Virginia">
The Treaty of Trentschin was an agreement signed between King Casimir III of Poland and King John of Bohemia by the agency of Casimir's brother-in-law King Charles I of Hungary on 24 August 1335 at Trencsén Castle in the Kingdom of Hungary (present-day Trenčín, Slovakia). The treaty initiated the transfer of the suzerainty over the former Polish province of Silesia to the Kingdom of Bohemia.
A house of hospitality or hospitality house is an organization to provide shelter, and often food and clothing, to those who need it. Originally part of the Catholic Worker Movement, houses of hospitality have been run by other organizations, including organizations that are not Catholic or Christian. Founded on principals of Christian anarchism, the houses provide hospitality without charge, and without requiring religious practice or attendance at services. A variety known as a hospital hospitality house is for families displaced due to medical issues of a family member, and is often located near a medical center.
The Blessed Utto was the first abbot of the Bavarian Metten Abbey of the Benedictine Order. His feast is celebrated on October 3.
Previously, liver metastasectomy was limited to patients with less than four sites of metastasis in the liver, with a tumour-free margin of at least 1 centimetre, and no cancer elsewhere.
The Black Cobra can refer to:
Then the decision to use the atomic bomb on Japan changed the course of history. It was estimated that the U.S. would lose approximately one million men in an invasion, because of fanatical resistance by the population as well as the homeland troops. After 2 Atomic bombs were dropped, Japan was forced to an unconditional surrender.
