In the Euclidean space, the isoperimetric inequality says that of all bodies with the same volume, the ball has the smallest surface area. In other manifolds it is usually very difficult to find the precise body minimizing the surface area, and this is not what the isoperimetric dimension is about. The question we will ask is, what is "approximately" the minimal surface area, whatever the body realizing it might be.
Social Democratic Party.

Biography.
Meyers got 44.3% of the primary vote; Stockman, 41%. Since no candidate had a majority, there was a runoff election and, with the support of third place finisher Steve Clifford, Meyers beat Stockman to win the Republican nomination.
Taitung has a tropical monsoon climate, with a wet season from May to October, a dry season from November to April, and consistently very warm to hot temperatures with high humidity. Unlike most tropical climates, however, the dry season is foggy rather than sunny, so that moisture availability during this period is greater than the low rainfall and warm temperatures would suggest.
On February 6, 2007, Kennedy confirmed that he would seek the Liberal nomination for Parkdale—High Park in the next federal election. At the time, the electoral district was represented by New Democrat Peggy Nash. Kennedy won the nomination by acclamation on April 24, 2007.

Ruth Graham was always a vital part of Billy Graham’s evangelistic career, and he turned to her for advice and input about many ministry decisions. One of the early uses of media by the BGEA was the “Hour of Decision” radio program begun in 1950, which she named. After her upbringing in China and high school experience in Korea, she continued to have compassion for the people of Asia. She encouraged her husband to visit and later accompanied him during his historic visits to the People's Republic of China.
Júlio Prestes de Albuquerque (March 15, 1882 – February 9, 1946) was a Brazilian politician. Governor of São Paulo state in 1926, he was elected president of Brazil on March 1, 1930, but never took office because the government was overthrown in the Revolution of 1930 that brought Getúlio Vargas to power, three weeks before Prestes' scheduled inauguration on November 15, 1930.
Warlingham is lucky as it is effectively served by two railway stations which operate on separate railway lines (a legacy of the Victorian railway boom, and the competition between two private companies to service this part of Surrey).

20th century.
Gobstoppers are made by slowly depositing layers onto a core (such as a pressed ball of sugar or a gumball ). Gobstoppers are made in large, rotating, heated pans. The candies take several weeks to manufacture, as the process of adding liquid sugar is repeated multiple times. Colour and flavour are also added during the panning process.
