This is a list of launches made by the Proton rocket between 1965 and 1969. All launches were conducted from the Baikonur Cosmodrome. The list includes the first five launches, which were conducted under the designations UR-500 and UR-500K, before the selection of the name Proton.
The brand competes well with established rivals such as Fisher-Price, even though Tiny Love sells only 25 toys and accessories. As of 2004, the Tiny Love brand accounted for about 3 percent of the global market in baby toys, with annual exports of $50–60 million. It held a 25 percent global market share for musical mobiles and activity gyms. The company's revenues were growing by 25 percent a year at that time, with the most dramatic growth in the Far East, particularly in Japan.
Chronic berylliosis is a pulmonary and systemic granulomatous disease caused by exposure to beryllium. Acute beryllium disease in the form of chemical pneumonitis was first reported in Europe in 1933 and in the United States in 1943. Cases of chronic berylliosis were first described in 1946 among workers in plants manufacturing fluorescent lamps in Salem, Massachusetts. Chronic berylliosis resembles sarcoidosis in many respects, and the differential diagnosis is often difficult. It occasionally killed early workers in nuclear weapons design, such as Herbert L. Anderson.
David Jamilly has lectured at events, conferences and universities around the world. His recent lectures and talks have included the Asia Pacific Incentives and Meetings Expo (AIME) Melbourne 2013, ISES Melbourne 2013, the Special Event Chicago 2013 (U.S.A), the International Confex 2010 & 2011 and The Main Event. David has lectured at Leeds Metropolitan University, Teesside University, Buckinghamshire New University, Bournemouth University, Petroc College, as well as in Singapore and Australia.
As an international top model, Kallio worked all around the world, living in Paris, New York, and Miami, and being featured in various news and entertainment programmes, including WABC-TV's "Eyewitness News" and "Hard Copy". She also had a small cameo appearance in the 1993 romantic comedy film "For Love or Money", starring Michael J. Fox and Gabrielle Anwar.
Fa Ham
Emotional intelligence.
On the Havel there is an island (Eiswerder) and 3 islets (Pionierinsel, Großer Wall and Kleiner Wall) belonging to Hakenfelde. Eiswerder, situated in the middle of the Lake Spandau ("Spandauer See"), is linked to Hakenfelde and Haselhorst by 2 bridges.
Richard Bernstein, writing for The New York Times Book Review, pointed out that "...many American companies did what I.B.M. did. ... What then makes I.B.M. different?" He states that Black's case in his book IBM and the Holocaust "is long and heavily documented, and yet he does not demonstrate that I.B.M. bears some unique or decisive responsibility for the evil that was done." IBM quoted this claim in a March 2002 "Addendum to IBM Statement on Nazi-era Book and Lawsuit".

<doc id="27106844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27106844" title="Jerry Vandergriff">
C. minutus may refer to:

The Marines, Air Force, special forces and National Guard had stated an interest in the vehicle. Marines may have use the Transformer as a tool for the Enhanced Company Operations concept.
Dr Shmeleva is a Director of the Institute of Sustainable Development based in St Petersburg. She has held Visiting Professorships at:
