Dabesma
The angle brackets denote averages over the ensemble of observed stars. formula_2 is the mass contained within a distance formula_3 from the center of the stellar system; formula_4 is the projected distance of a star from the apparent center; formula_5 and formula_6 are the components of a star's velocity parallel to, and perpendicular to, the apparent radius vector; and formula_7 is the gravitational constant.

In 1974, she was one of the Philadelphia Eleven, eleven women whose ordinations eventually paved the way for the recognition of women as priests in the Episcopal Church in 1976.
At the time of the album's release, "I'm That Chick" was met with acclaim from music critics, and was considered one of the album's highlights. Several reviews complimented the song's strong disco-driven melody and sample, while others concentrated on Carey's lyrics. The song charted due to strong digital downloads in the United States during the debut week of "E=MC²", and as a result, peaked at number 82 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Though not released commercially as a single, Carey performed the song live a select number of times, notably on "Good Morning America", as part of a three-piece outdoor concert, the 2008 Fashion Rocks ceremony, the "The Hills" season premiere party, and "Canadian Idol".
Obstetrical services, surgery, emergency room and related services such laboratory work and X-rays are available. An elected board of governors manages the district, created in 1967. The hospital opened in 1971.
Life.

Justice (Retd.) Mr. Qazi Muhammad Farooq(Qazi Muhammad Irfan)
The despair and disillusionment of four men who return to civilian life in Germany after the First World War.
Mr. Yunus was a prominent politician in early 20th century Bihar.
October 17, 1978:
Marples has also spent time in the Canadian U-20 player pool, but has yet to be capped.
For the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps originally stated he would never do eight events again, and would instead try new events. Phelps said, "I keep saying I want to go down and start sprinting, but Bob Phelps's coach really isn't so keen on that ... I don't think that's going to happen ... Over the next four years, I'd like to try some different events, maybe not do some of the events I did here." However, at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Summer Olympics, Phelps qualified in the same eight events that he swam in Beijing in 2008. He later dropped the 200-meter freestyle from his program, as he stated he wanted to focus on the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. During the trials, Phelps finished first in the 200-meter freestyle, 100-meter butterfly, 200-meter butterfly, 200-meter individual medley, and second in the 400-meter individual medley. In making his fourth Olympic team, Phelps holds the record for men for the most Olympic appearances in swimming representing the United States.

Holiday Park
Urkkad is a small residential area in the gram panchayat of Koviloor, Vattavada, in Idukki district, Kerala, India. Urkkad is 40 kilometer from Munnar. There are about 100 families, a Carmelite school, a healthcare centre and a Franciscan hermitage in the village. This area belongs to the village of Vattavada but it has its own cultural identity.

Local radio first appeared in Amber Valley in 1994 when Glyn Williams began Valley Radio. Backed by the local MP the station first broadcast from a railway carriage at the Midland Railway Centre (now Midland Railway - Butterley) in Ripley, Derbyshire. This was followed by three FM licences broadcast from office space located in Oxford St, Ripley.
J. Percy Ross
<doc id="19087238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19087238" title="Music Music Music">
Their curry uses a lot of coconut and curry leaves while ginger, garlic and chilli are also used. Mangalorean Catholic cuisine has distinct Portuguese influence as can be seen in "Laitao", the famous pork roast served as the "Pièce de résistance" at wedding dinners, and "Pork Sorpotel". Fabled cooks like Davidam or Alicebai were called in to help with the repast. Mangalorean Catholics mix pork blood and other parts in most of their pork delicacies as can be seen from "Pork Bafat", "Cabidela" and "Kalleze un Kiti" (heart and intestines). "Sanna–Dukra Maas" ("Sanna" – idli fluffed with toddy or yeast; "Dukra Maas" – Pork) and "Unde–Dukra Maas" ("Unde" – leavened bread; "Dukra Maas" – Pork) are popular dishes. "Chicken Indaz" is also popular. The traditional "Rosachi kadi" (Ros Curry), a fish curry made with "ros" (coconut milk) is quite popular and is served during the "Ros" (anointing) ceremony that is held 1 or 2 days before a Mangalorean Catholic wedding. Their fish curry especially their Fish Roe Curry, is known for its taste in the whole of coastal India while fried fish in their style is well known. The Sheveo Roce and Pathal Bakri (a variant of "Kori Rotti") are dry rice flakes dipped in chicken gravy dishes.
Frecklington's intention was to create a coach that would encapsulate the history and heritage of the United Kingdom by incorporating material from Britain’s historic buildings, ships and other artifacts. The State Coach Britannia is therefore an especially wide-ranging representation of the great events, figures and objects of British history ever assembled, items directly related to more than 30 kings and queens of England, Scotland and Ireland, the most influential characters in British history, her greatest victories, her most treasured places, and her greatest contributions to the world.
Komona is a village in the Manni Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 246.
Prakash initially studied at the DAV College in Nabua, and is currently studying at the Suva Blind School in Suva.
1988 British International Helicopters Sikorsky S-61N crash

Chak De! India (Hindi: चक दे इंडिया, Urdu: چک دے انڈیا, English: Go India!) is the title song of the 2007 Hindi sports film "Chak De! India".
ARRL - International Lighthouse/Lightship Weekend 2009
Kosovan–Swiss relations are foreign relations between Kosovo and Switzerland. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008 and Switzerland recognised it on 27 February 2008. Switzerland has an embassy in Pristina since 28 March 2008. Kosovo has an embassy in Bern. In September 2008, Designate Ambassador Naim Mala was refused by Swiss authorities due to his criminal record.

Duke Charles Frederick Augustus of Mecklenburg was born in Hanover where his father Duke Charles of Mecklenburg was the governor. His mother was Princess Charlotte of Hesse-Darmstadt, his fathers second wife who died shortly after his birth on 12 December. On 2 June 1794 his father succeeded Adolf Friedrich IV as the reigning Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Biography.
