"Rockstar 101" received mixed responses from music critics. Brian Linder for IGN praised the song, writing that it "actually works" despite sounding disjointed at first. Emily Tartanella of PopMatters defined "Rockstar 101" as a "brilliant bit of bravado" during her review of "Rated R", while Ailbhe Malone for "NME" wrote that Rihanna sings with "swagger" on the track, which was something that she has Hova to thank for. Jon Pareles for "The New York Times" simply highlighted a line from the song, "I never play the victim". Neil McCormick for "The Daily Telegraph" thought that "Rockstar 101" was one of the few songs on the album to retain the "vaguest leftover hints of her warm Caribbean vocal flavouring". Ann Powers for the "Los Angeles Times" was critical of Slash's inclusion on the song, and she described it as an "afterthought". Powers wrote "she can definitely get by without that ultimate rock phallic symbol", a reference to Slash. Pitchfork Media's Ryan Dombell felt that "Rockstar 101, alike "Russian Roulette" and "The Last Song", were "instantly-dated missteps from a bygone era when a Slash feature was cool". He further wrote that "Rockstar 101" and "G4L" were "harder to justify considering their mindless boasts and torpid production". The song was met with a negative review from "The Guardian"s Alex Petridis, who wrote "At one extreme, the resemblance of 'Umbrella's chorus to that of a stadium rock ballad seems to have encouraged Rihanna to cut out the middle-man and just start making stadium rock: cue the awful widdly-woo guitars of 'Rockstar 101' and 'Fire Bomb.

<doc id="27656729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27656729" title="Métamatic">
Kazi Ahmed
Administrative.
In 1896 Gouraud created a scandal in Niagara, meeting the Chinese viceroy Li Hongzhang (1823–1901), unfortunately kissing his hands. He hurried back in England and became involved in an acoustic laboratory in Brighton, trying to perfect an amplifier invented by Horace Short (1876–1917) and presented as the "Gouraudophone" at the Exposition Universelle (1900) in Paris. He left this enterprise and in 1909 went through a bankruptcy. Gourard died in 1912.
Elections.
Commercials.
Heinz-Edgar Berres
D. Omer "Salty" Seamon (1911–1997) was an American painter known for his folksy watercolors and landscapes of Indiana and the Midwest. His work can be found in galleries and homes across the United States.
Since then he lives alone, actually in Portovenere, near La Spezia.
