
Target: Tom Craddick.
History.
War memorial.
2010.
Firestopping at the "perimeter slab edge", which is gaps between the floors and the backpan of the curtain wall or precast concrete panels, slow the passage of fire and combustion gases between floors. The firestop at the perimeter slab edge is considered a continuation of the fire-resistance rating of the floor slab. The curtain wall itself, however, is not ordinarily required to have a rating. Fire compartmentalisation is based upon compartments enclosed on all sides to avoid fire and smoke migration beyond each engaged compartment. A non-fire-resistance rated curtain wall prevents the complete compartment (or envelope) from being fire-resistance rated. The provision of firestopping at the joint of the floor slab and curtain wall can still add to the overall fire safety of the building by slowing the advance of the fire in the building interior from floor to floor. The use of fire sprinklers has been shown to mitigate the spread of fire by keeping the fire from growing to a size large enough to cause structural damage and break the exterior glass. If the building is not equipped with sprinklers, the fire can travel up the outside of the curtain wall if the glass on the floor of fire origin is shattered due to radiant heat, causing flames to lick up the outside of the building, resulting in the glass in floors above to break. Falling glass can endanger pedestrians, firefighters and firehoses below. An example of mode of fire spread is the First Interstate Bank Fire in Los Angeles, California. This building is now the Aon Center.
Death.

In the aquarium.
2001 Major League Baseball season
<doc id="10697727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10697727" title="Jawi Peranakan">


<doc id="10699548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10699548" title="Krumovo">
A Quality Protocol sets out criteria for the production of a product from a specific waste type. Compliance with these criteria is considered sufficient to ensure that the fully recovered product may be used without harm to human health or the environment and therefore without the need for waste management controls. In addition, the Quality Protocol indicates how compliance may be demonstrated and points to best practice for the use of the fully recovered product. The Quality Protocol further aims to provide increased market confidence in the quality of products made from waste and so encourage greater recovery and recycling.
<doc id="10700701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10700701" title="Manufacturing supermarket">
Oswald Holmberg
<doc id="10701535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10701535" title="List of senior secondary schools in Ghana">
sometimes called the "center of gravity" of the
As "Sivaji" became a major anticipated project, several false rumours about the soundtrack of the film were disseminated to websites and magazines. Despite the fact that early on during the project, Vairamuthu confirmed he had written a song called "Vaa..ji Vaa..ji Sivaji", no other major details about any other song was mentioned. Rumours went around that certain singers had sung in the project, including Rajinikanth. However, on 11 October 2006, the source, Behindwoods.com, mentioned that they had received credible information that "Sivaji" contained seven songs, five of which were set to be in the audio, with the other two being situational songs. Surprisingly, they also mentioned the five songs which were in the album. "Vaa...ji Vaa...ji Sivaji" was mentioned to be the opening song of the film. They also reported that a philosophical song titled "Unpeyar Ennada" was in the film, as per usual Rajinikanth films since "Baba". Another song titled "Jee Boom Ba" was mentioned as its picturization was to be filmed in either foreign locations or in Karnataka featuring the lead pair. A song called "Talla Dimi Takka Dimi Pucha" was apparently supposed to contain Japanese lyrics and was set to be filmed in Japan, however the "Sivaji" crew did not travel to Japan for any purposes during the shoot. The final song mentioned was "Adaal Udan Pesadha Di... En Salangaiku Bhadil Solladi" and it was mentioned as a remix from another film titled "Vanjikottai Valiban". Behindwoods.com claimed that this song was set to come in the climax. However none of these possible songs, barring "Vaaji Vaaji", were in the final album.
Napoleon contested the State Assembly elections of 2001, winning the Villivakkam constituency contest and thereby becoming a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He lost his membership in the 2006 elections, when he contested from the Mylapore constituency and was defeated by actor S. Ve. Shekhar. Subsequently, Napoleon nurtured the Perambalur constituency in the hope of becoming a member of parliament for the DMK, and succeeded in the 2009 Lok Sabha election. He was then appointed Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment in Union government.
"Variety" gave a much more positive review. The industry trade journal called Owen Pearce's performance "scene-stealing," and felt all the performances were "at a very high level across the board." The magazine also praised Zelder's direction: "comedy and a touch of sweetness... [are exactly what distinguishes Caroline Zelder's debut feature... Zelder has a way of imbuing even the smallest gestures -- like a teenager's slump or a 5-year-old's intractable stare -- with meaning." "Variety" also gave high marks to the film's technical production. "Lenser Mark Vargo bathes the Montana locations in glorious natural light; Alan Muraoka's production design and Nola Roller's costumes mostly nail the 1968 aesthetic, but could have been even more consistent."
Green background for wins. Yellow background for top-10
World War II.

