Bra is the birthplace of the feminist philosopher Adriana Cavarero, politician Emma Bonino, and of the activist Carlo Petrini, founder of the Slow Food movement and of the world’s first University of Gastronomic Sciences, whose main campus is located within Bra’s municipal boundaries at Pollenzo. Bra is also home to "Cheese," a biennial international festival organised by Slow Food which features the makers of artisanal cheeses from across the world. In 1997 the event attracted some 150,000 visitors.
The Chaguaramas Peninsula supports one of the few remaining areas of dry forest in western Trinidad.
Career Beginnings.
Satellite craters.
Preparation for construction began in the early 1920s with the building of a railroad from Lincoln’s Burlington yards to the statehouse block. The electric line ran from 7th to 14th Streets along H Street. The state-owned spur created an easy means for delivery of construction materials. Then on April 15, 1922, Governor Samuel R. McKelvie broke ground, thus beginning the first phase of a four-phase construction process that would last a decade.
National Team Unity
<doc id="1100755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1100755" title="SIG Sauer P239">
In 1999 Bryce 4.0 was released with major improvements in the handling of atmospheres and skies, textures and also in the import/export of objects. In 2000 Bryce was purchased by Corel Corporation. Corel released version 5 of Bryce in 2001, which included several new features, like Tree Lab and metaballs. Soon followed a patch to version 5.01, which fixed some bugs and added a few undocumented features.
Manhire attended the Otago Boys' High School, and later the University of Otago in Dunedin where he received his B.A. in 1967, his M.A. (with honors) in 1968, and his M.Litt. in 1970. He went on to study at University College, London (1970–73, M.Phil) 
§3-104(f) specifies that
The resort also maintains a fleet of watercraft providing additional access between various Disney resorts and parks. While some route duplication does take place, the watercraft provide an alternative way to travel from one location to another. The most notable of these boats are the large ferries that traverse the Seven Seas Lagoon between the Transportation and Ticket Center and the Magic Kingdom. However, there are several other routes, including:
Nearby are two small woods both accessible to the public. Jubilee Wood is north-west of the lower Beacon hill car park on the Woodhouse Eaves to Nanpantan road and the Outwoods which is adjacent to Jubilee Wood.
Privatization.
Batten was selected by the Labour Party to contest the electorate in the . She resigned from the Labour Party in March 1996 and joined New Zealand First instead, which gave her a high list ranking of 3rd place and let her contest the electorate. She came fifth in the electorate vote, but was one of 11 list candidates of her party who entered Parliament.
Street Football World organized the Football for Hope Festival 2010 so it ran concurrently with the final week of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Like the world cup, it was hosted by South Africa, in Johannesburg. [http://www.streetfootballworld.org/festival2010]
<doc id="1101776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1101776" title="Ashoka Chakra">
Originally "Orthoceras" referred to all nautiloids with a straight-shell, called an "orthocone" . But later research on their internal structures, such as the siphuncle, cameral deposits, and others, showed that these actually belong to a number of groups, even different orders.

<doc id="1102279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1102279" title="Robert Earnshaw">
Rifampin increases the clearance of nitrazepam significantly and probenecid decreases its clearance significantly. Cimetidine slows down the elimination rate of nitrazepam, leading to more prolonged effects and increased risk of accumulation. Alcohol in combination with nitrazepam may cause a synergistic enhancement of the hypotensive properties of both benzodiazepines and alcohol.
