
Cortisol is the primary glucocorticoid produced in humans (equivalent to rodent corticosterone). This steroid hormone is both synthesized and released from the adrenal cortex in response to physical or emotional stress. Additionally, basal serum levels of cortisol display circadian variations. Cortisol receptors are located throughout the body and are involved in a variety of processes including inflammation and lung maturation.

The song is about a couple who fight over the health risks of smoking. The female in the song is the smoker while the male is trying to encourage her to stop smoking. In the song, we learn the male was a previous smoker, but later quit. The lyrics are often compared to Nancy & Lee with its dialogue. In an interview, she said "I sort of knew when I wrote it if any of my songs are going to get big, it’s probably this one that’s going to be successful and it has put a lot of people onto my music."
Reshmin Chowdhury (; born 16 December 1977) is an English sports journalist and broadcaster who works for the BBC and BT Sport.
<doc id="42077575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42077575" title="Iowa Township, Iowa County, Iowa">
The Cloth Act 1337 (11 Edw. 3, c. 2) was an Act of the Parliament of England passed during the reign of Edward III.
The regiment then suffered a series of mobilizations, inactivations, and reorganizations that ultimately dissolved it as a regiment on May 1, 1964. The regiment was simply reorganized as two battalions of the 92nd Infantry Brigade on that date although they maintained their names without an administrative hierarchy as a regiment. Finally, on December 31, 1967 the battalions were reorganized as a single battalion of the 92nd Infantry Brigade. The battalion, however, was eventually allocated to the 101st Troop Command.
Biography.
and 
In the collected notes of Evliya Çelebi (mid-17th century) the Sanjak of Nicopolis with 20 ziamets and 244 timars and income of 40,000 aspres was mentioned as one of 24 Ottoman sanjaks in Rumelia. In the mid-19th century it had 15 kadiluks.
The descending took place on the same day for all the cottage owners. The one that had the best horses lead the caravan. At a set place the caravan stopped for lunch. Because of this at the Deçan Gorge there exists a micro-toponym Pie's Spring. In the evening, after they all reached homee, guests were invited for the "descend dinner". Guests said their welcome and expressed their happiness for their safe coming from the mountains. Dinner was served with traditional foods, boiled cream amongst others.

<doc id="42081442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42081442" title="Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge">
