<doc id="42766530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42766530" title="James D. Montgomery (attorney)">
As advancements in air-conditioning were rendering New York’s roof garden theatres obsolete, silent movies were luring patrons out of vaudeville theatres. With the selling of the Victoria in 1915, the roof garden closed as well.

Wagner received 46.33% of the vote to Riegelman's 29.97%, a Democratic victory margin of 16.36%. Halley finished in third with 21.16%. 
The Independent Psychiatric Association of Russia issued a special statement about the case, stating that “On the basis of a conversation that lasted less than one hour, the specialists made the far more serious diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia instead of the diagnosis of sluggish neurosis-like schizophrenia that Kosenko was treated for over the course of 12 years.” In the Russian periodical Snob, three Russian psychiatrists criticized Kosenko’s sentence and rejected the prosecution's claim that he was dangerous. Writing in the Moscow Times under the headline “Soviet Psychiatry Returns,” Victor Davidoff described Kosenko’s trial as “right out of the Franz Kafka playbook.” Davidoff noted that the Serbsky diagnosis “not only contradicted the diagnosis of the psychiatrist who has treated Kosenko for many years, but also ignores his behavior in prison.”
QM's museums have received worldwide attention, particularly the Museum of Islamic art (MIA), putting themselves in line with other museum developments in the area such as Abu Dhabi’s (UAE) projected Guggenheim and Louvre. such as Hans-Ulrich Obrist, director of London’s Serpentine Gallery, have argued that Doha takes a different approach to museums from that of Abu Dhabi, aspiring to a new model that does not "copy existing models or replicate western museums, but acknowledges local difference". Martyn Best, director of Cultural Innovations said that "Qatar is the furthest ahead in thinking about how to develop a contemporary Middle Eastern model", searching for a new paradigm for the museums of the 21st century.

<doc id="42772778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42772778" title="Seth Davis Drumming">
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is yellow tawny with darker transverse bands and two small dark spots in the basal area. The hindwings are light grey on the base and disc. The upper half of the outer margin and the apical margin are light straw. Adults have been recorded on wing from May to July.
<doc id="42773547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42773547" title="Archips eleagnanus">


Jim Park (ice hockey)


As of 2012, eleven rural localities in Belgorod Oblast bear this name:
The Terceira Mastiff comes from the isle of Terceira, located in the Azores. It descends from local dogs, old Spanish and English mastiffs and bulldogs, the Dogue de Bordeaux and the Bloodhound. According to a legend, it once was very popular among the pirates of the region and soon became a popular fighting dog as well. In the 1880s, veterinarian Dr. Jose Leite Pacheco wrote the first breed standard and intended to make the nickname "rabo torto" as the official name of the breed instead of the "cão de fila da Terceira". Unfortunately, the Terceira Mastiff was already extremely endangered that time, which was one of the reasons why - despite of the Portuguese standard - it was never accepted by the FCI.
<doc id="42776995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42776995" title="List of Mexican football transfers summer 2014">
On 23 April investigators of the Incheon District Prosecutors' Office raided the head office of Chonghaejin Marine, and some 20 offices of its affiliates, as well as the office of the Evangelical Baptist Church in Yongsan, central Seoul. Prosecutors suspected that funds from members of the religious group had been used in business operations of Chonghaejin Marine and Yoo Byung-eun. The prosecution found more than 100 bogus companies, many of them set up and operated by followers of a Yoo's religious group, had paid Yoo and his two sons at least billion (~ million) for their "consulting services," and had purchased photos taken by Yoo. Yoo's religious group denied cross-border transactions with affiliates of the ferry operator. The Prosecution secured video footage of a lecture Yoo delivered to the sect's believers in April 2010, in which Yoo admitted to have registered properties under the names of other persons.
Labdia fasciella
Luiz Henrique da Silveira
Percy Williams became a thirty-second degree Mason and grand treasurer of the Elks for the United States.

