

James Primrose is the tenth and last known Laird of Burnbrae. He was born about 1746 to John Primrose and Janet Primrose. He was also known by the title "esquire". James married Jane Lawrie about 1784 and died November 1827; his wife died April 1832.
<doc id="8896359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8896359" title="Kenny Satterfield">
The position was created in 2002. The minister given certain responsibilities from the Ministry of Industry, Economic Development and Mines in September 2006, and renamed as the Ministry of Science, Technology, Energy and Mines.
Dronfield invited delegates from across Britain to Sheffield on 17 July 1866. 138 attended, representing around 200,000 members. The meeting resolved to found a national organisation of trade unions, the United Kingdom Alliance of Organised Trades. Most of its Executive Council came from the Sheffield area, and its executive was the same as that of the Sheffield Association.
Lost witches
A peace medal from Japan lies next to his "Medal "For the Victory over Japan"" awarded to him by the USSR. The room has large paintings and photographs of Kim Il-sung meeting world leaders during their visits to North Korea and during Kim's trips abroad, such as Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi of Libya, Chairman Mao Zedong of China, Nicolae Ceauşescu of Romania, Erich Honecker of East Germany, Gustáv Husák of former Czechoslovakia, Wojciech Jaruzelski of Poland, Todor Zhivkov of Bulgaria, János Kádár of Hungary, Fidel Castro of Cuba, Josip Broz Tito of former Yugoslavia, Houari Boumediene of Algeria, Moktar Ould Daddah of Mauritania, and Yasser Arafat of Palestine, as well as several former Soviet leaders, including Joseph Stalin, Nikita Khrushchev, Leonid Brezhnev, Konstantin Chernenko, Mikhail Gorbachev, and many other well-known people including Che Guevara and former U.S. president Jimmy Carter.
John H. McDonald Journalism Foundation
The 2007 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 240,173, of whom 121,751 were men and 118,422 were women; 5,893 or 2.45% of its population were urban dwellers. The majority of the inhabitants said they were Muslim, with 98.38% of the population reporting they observed this belief, while 1.44% of the population practised Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.
W. Schyler (Sky) Stevenson, Project Manager and operating system implementer
Hosseinian made a number of statements about the murders. Shortly after the ministry admission he claimed that Emami was innocent of the crimes which were actually the work of President Khatami's reformists.
The Beyoncé Experience
Bonanza Airport is an airport that serves Bonanza, Nicaragua.
