Composed and Directed the Theme Song for the Ladies of the International Inner Wheel Club.
Aavin procures milk from various district milk unions in the state through delivery tankers. Vaidyanathan, the person involved in leasing the milk trucks, is believed to have diverted the trucks to Govindapuram, a village in the outskirts of Tindivanam. The Vellimedupettai police on complaints from local residents on 19th August 2014 raided the vehicles and found that milk vans carrying supplies to Aavin in Chennai were diverted midway and adulterated with water. The police arrested eight people involved, but found that they were involved in the business for the past six months. Initial investigations revealed that the modus operandi was diversion of 100s of milk tankers (each having 12,000 litres of milk) near a preset post in Tindivanam, where 2,000 litres of milk was taken off from the sealed containers and refilled with water. All the tankers were owned by AIADMK party person N. Vaidyanathan. The stolen milk was siphoned off to private milk agencies, which sold or produced dairy products. The investigation also revealed that the operation was carried out for more than 10 years. The kingpin of the operation, Vaidyanathan, started as a concessionaire of Aavin milk in 1987 and subsequently emerged as a owner of 100s of trucks that supply milk to Aavin. He is alleged to have the backing of several officials who could change policies for his benefit. The initial estimate of the loses have been valued at one per cent of the total ten lakh litres, amounting to 23 lakhs a day. The investigating agencies then traced the owner of the truck to be Vaidyanathan and arrested him in Chennai.
Horse-riding.
http://www.wolfestone.co.uk/blog/wolfestone-director-celebrates-international-womens-day/
Filip Tronêt
Parthenodes rectangulalis
Beadle entered the Cabinet at a time when relations between the UP and the UK Labour Party were warming. He formed a good relationship with Nye Bevan, the UK Minister of Health, and put much work into attempting to create a Southern Rhodesian system similar to National Insurance in Britain. These efforts were largely unsuccessful, but did lead to a maternity grant for white mothers, nicknamed the "Beadle baby scheme". He retired from politics in 1950 to accept a seat on the High Court.
Evert Huttunen
Morris G. Hallock

