Maintaining light and heavy trucks used by the Ethiopian ground forces.
The Irvingtonian North American Land Mammal Age on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 1,800,000 to 240,000 years BP, a period of . Named after an assemblage of fossils from the Irvington district of Fremont, California, the Irvingtonian is usually considered to overlap the Lower Pleistocene and Middle Pleistocene epochs. The Irvingtonian is preceded by the Blancan and followed by the Rancholabrean NALMA stages.
In British Ceylon, most civil service jobs (roughly 60%) were held by minority Tamils who comprised approximately 15% of the population. This was due to the availability of Western style education provided by American missionaries and others in the Tamil dominant Jaffna peninsula. The overrepresentation of Tamils was used by populist Sinhalese politicians to come to political power by promising to elevate the Sinhalese people. The pro-Sinhalese nationalist Freedom Party came to power in 1956 promising to make Sinhala, the language of the majority Sinhalese people the sole official language. The so-called Sinhala only policy was opposed by the Tamil Federal party which conducted a nonviolent sit-in protest on June 5, 1956 in front of the parliament in Colombo, the capital city. About 200 Tamil leaders and politicians took part in this protest. But the protestors were attacked by a Sinhalese mob that was led a junior government minister. The same mob, after listening to a speech by populist Sinhalese politicians urging them to boycott Tamil business, went on a looting spree in the city. Over 150 Tamil owned shops were looted and many people were hospitalized for their injuries. But these disturbances were quickly brought under control by the police.
The live action film of "Circuit no Ōkami", directed by Kazuhiko Yamaguchi, was released in Japan on August 6, 1977.
Personnel.

Bible Analyzer is a freeware, cross-platform Bible study computer software application for Microsoft Windows, Macintosh OS X, and Ubuntu Linux. It implements advanced search, comparison, and statistical features of Bible texts as well as more typical Bible software capabilities. It received a high rating for version 4.4 from download.com. The Macintosh edition has also received positive reviews.
In eighteen hundred and forty four
The Duller Olive
Shaykh Safi ad-Din was a Sunni and an adherent of the Shafi`i school of law. In 1501 the Sufi order he founded became the ruling family in the Safavid empire, but they converted to Shi`ism while at the same time continuing their role as head of the order. Certain elements in the "Safvat as-safa", particularly Shaykh Safi's genealogy and his religious views, became inconsistent with the Safavid dynasty's self-image. Therefore in 1542, Shah Tahmasb commissioned Mir Abu al-Fat'h Husayni to revise the "Safvat as-safa" to give it an explicit Shi`i tone. This official version contains textual changes designed to obscure the Kurdish origins of the Safavid family and to vindicate their claim to descent from the Imams.
