Catedral is a French-Italian documentary film directed by Aliocha and by Alessio Rigo de Righi.
With the loss of the Schwinge fieldwork, the resupply of Stade from the sea was no longer possible. When three Swedish warships, held up by unfavourable winds, and six other transport ships loaded with supplies, reached the mouth of the Schwinge, they were shelled by Allied batteries stationed on the banks of the Schwinge estuary. The Swedish fleet had to withdraw from Stade and, after a few raids into the area around the Elbe, they left.
Head & Associate Professor
The municipality is also developing a system of interconnected green bicycle routes, greenways, the aim being to facilitate fast, safe, and pleasant bicycle transport from one end of the city to the other. The network will cover more than and will have 22 routes when finished. The city provides public bicycles which can be found throughout the downtown area.

Renfrewshire by-election, 1873
The County Galway by-election of 1871 was held on 21 February 1871. The byelection was held due to the resignation of the incumbent Liberal MP, Hubert de Burgh-Canning. It was won by the unopposed pro Home Rule candidate Mitchell Henry. The gain was retained in the 1874 UK general election.
Sefid Kamareh (, also Romanized as Sefīd Kamareh; also known as Sefīd Kareh) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 143, in 23 families. 
<doc id="41180074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41180074" title="Mojaseh">
Wareham by-election, 1868
Transfers.
The pro-European Union protests are Ukraine's largest since the Orange Revolution of 2004, which saw Yanukovych forced to resign as prime minister over allegations of voting irregularities. Although comparing the 2013 events in the same East-West vector as 2004, with Ukraine remaining "a key geopolitical prize in eastern Europe" for Russia and the EU, "The Moscow Times" noted that Yanukovych's government was in a significantly stronger position following his election in 2010. The "Financial Times" said the 2013 protests were "largely spontaneous, sparked by social media, and have caught Ukraine's political opposition unprepared" compared to their well-organised predecessors. The hashtag #euromaidan (Ukrainian #євромайдан, Russian #евромайдан), emerged immediately on the first meeting of the protests and was highly useful as a communication instrument for protesters. Vitali Klitschko wrote in a tweet "Friends! All those who came to Maydan Square, well done! Who has not done it yet – join us now!" The protest hashtag also gained traction on the VKontakte social media network, and Klitschko tweeted a link to a speech he made on the square saying that once the protest was 100,000-strong, "we'll go for Yanukovych" – referring to President Viktor Yanukovych.
Microsoft offers users the option to join a preview program that enables them to receive early builds of upcoming system updates and experiment with the features prior to the full launch.
This was the Big Easts first season in which it organized its teams into divisions; the two divisions were the Big East 6 and Big East 7 divisions. Georgetown would play as a member of the Big East 7 Division for three seasons before the conference scrapped its divisional structure after the end of the 1997-98 season. For its first year in the Big East 7 Division, Georgetown fielded a powerhouse team that included four future National Basketball Association (NBA) stars and began the season ranked fifth in the country.

<doc id="41183464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41183464" title="Quaker Springs, New York">

The album also features songs that were originally written for other albums, such as "Harry's Place", a song written in 2001 and intended originally for "The Rising"; "Heaven's Wall", "Down in the Hole", and "Hunter of Invisible Game", which all date from 2002–2008; and "The Wall", which Springsteen wrote around 1998 based on an idea from Joe Grushecky. "The Wall" tells the story of Springsteen's visit to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C., and memories of Walter Cichon, a New Jersey musician who did not return home from the Vietnam War. "Walter was one of the great early Jersey Shore rockers, who along with his brother Ray (one of my early guitar mentors) led the Motifs. The Motifs were a local rock band who were always a head above everybody else. Raw, sexy and rebellious, they were the heroes you aspired to be," Springsteen explained.
<doc id="41185208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41185208" title="Eric Lamb (musician)">
 
Matt Dababneh is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat representing the 45th district, encompassing most of the western San Fernando Valley. 
Morcheeba, Pendulum DJ Set, Feed Me, James Zabiela, Fritz Kalkbrenner, Dope DOD, Dub Pistols, Stanton Warriors, A Skillz, Krafty Kuts, Wankelmut and Telepopmusik and many others.
Henry "Harry" Nicoll (17 April 1908 – 4 December 1999) was a British equestrian and Olympic medalist. He was born in Kensington. He won a bronze medal in show jumping at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. 

Solomon Wilbur Denton, Sr. (1816–1864) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement. 
History.
The Examiner was a newspaper edited by Jonathan Swift from 2 November 1710 to 1714. It promoted a Tory perspective on British politics, at a time when Queen Anne had replaced Whig ministers with Tories.


Toronto Jr. Aeros
The first step in creating the microfluidic devices used for hydrodynamic trapping is to create an SU-8 mold. From this mold, a device can be made from PDMS. A completed device consists of two layers, a control layer and a fluidic layer. The control layer contains a valve to regulate the flow of the aqueous solution under study. The fluidic layer contains the channels for the aqueous solution to travel through. Many devices have a cross slot where two opposing laminar streams converge. This creates planar extensional flow with a point where velocity becomes zero, which is known as the fluid stagnation point. Upon analyzing a fluid with beads, DNA, or other very small particles under a microscope, the trajectories of the particles and the stagnation point can be determined.
PSIA specifications are expected to become more critical to security system architecture as major users integrate video surveillance, access and area control, mobile devices and local and cloud-based storage across a common information technology platform. PSIA has a liaison with the International Electrotechnical Commission on two specifications for access control and video. The access control specification, IEC 60839-11-1, pending a vote, is expected to have a big impact on the manufacturing and interoperability of thousands of access control systems. 
John Hutchinson (surgeon)
<doc id="41192069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41192069" title="Coat of arms of the London Borough of Bexley">
Our Man in Iraq
