References.
Genivolta
Pozzaglio ed Uniti
If someone has been on the Hajj, the pilgrimage to Mecca, they may be called Haji for men or Hajjah for women. Thus, if Musa bin Osman went on the Hajj, he could be called Haji Musa bin Osman, and his daughter Aisyah might be called Aisyah binti Haji Musa. If Aisyah herself have gone for the hajj, her name would be Hajjah Aisyah binti Haji Musa. The titles can also be shortened in writing to 'Hj.' for Haji and 'Hjh' for Hajjah.
In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, the chaos beast is an outsider from the outer plane of Limbo. They can be used by Dungeon Masters as enemies or allies of the player characters.

<doc id="6715850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6715850" title="Tojanida">
<BR>
Nowadays, the group has evolved into a rock-opera touring group, pushing the boundaries of the classical genre and the definition of a tenor. Their latest album "Double Platinum" is a double album featuring classical songs on one disc and contemporary songs on the other. It debuted at #7 on the mainstream charts in New Zealand.
In 1992, the Official Opposition Liberal Party introduced a Parliamentary proposal entitled "Defence Conversion – A Liberal Priority", which outlined three possibilities for a post-Cold War Canadian arms trade, including ""increas exports to developing countries where arms spending has been less affected by the Cold War's end – thereby adding to the misery of these countries.", and instead advocating the third option, to ""encourage Canadian defence companies to adjust and move away from a dependence on military production and export."".
Before the building was converted into a television studio complex, Havelock House was the former site of a hemstitching warehouse. During World War II, the building was the billet for troops to provide cover for Belfast's bridges. Ulster Television acquired the premises at the cost of £17,000.
The origins of futsal in Sweden date back to 2001. At that time, some indoor football enthusiasts contacted the Swedish Football Association (SvFF) and asked them for advice on how to play indoor soccer more seriously with futsal. Also at that time, there was a proposal from the SvFF development group not to adapt to futsal and to remain with five-a-side. These indoor soccer enthusiasts aborted their proposal which led them into carrying out further investigations on futsal before taking any decision.
