Selection.
NEODyS (Near Earth Objects Dynamic Site) is an Italian and Spanish service that provides information on Near Earth Objects with a convenient Web-based interface. It is based on a continually and (almost) automatically maintained database of near earth asteroid orbits. This site provides a number of services to the NEO community. The main service is an impact monitoring system (CLOMON2) of all near-Earth asteroids covering a period until the year 2100.

Accidents and incidents.
In 2003, British survival expert Ray Mears made a BBC documentary series and book called "The Real Heroes of Telemark" giving a more realistic view of the difficulties encountered in the mission to sabotage the heavy-water power plant.
His 78 career sacks rank third all time for the Patriots.
<doc id="1478762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1478762" title="The Cambridge Student">
Barry Richards
Representations.
In November 2006, Mitchell announced that he had taken the difficult decision not to contest the 2007 general election and concentrate on his European Parliament seat. Mitchell is a Vice Chair of the ACP–EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly.
By the end of 1979, the number of Grønlandsfly passengers served annually exceeded 60,000, more than the population of Greenland. That year, the airline's first international route was also opened, running between Greenland's capital Nuuk and the town of Iqaluit in northern Canada. The route connected Greenland's Kalaallit with Canada's Inuit and was operated in conjunction with the Canadian First Air line, but the planes were generally run empty and the route was shuttered 13 years later.
The Tooth Cave spider lives under and between rocks in caves of the Edwards Plateau in Travis County, Texas and near Austin. Destruction of these cave habitats in urban areas is the primary cause of its endangered status.
"Defence Scheme Number 3" was implemented on 1 September 1939 and saw the raising of 1st Canadian Division, Canadian Active Service Force. The 1st Hussars provided Divisional Cavalry for CASF (1st Division). In December 1939, the majority of 1st Division sailed for England, but the 1st Hussars stayed behind in London because there were not enough tanks to equip the regiment. 
The 14th Virginia was redesignated the 10th Virginia on September 14, 1778. Davies was reassigned to the 1st Virginia on February 12, 1781. He served until the close of the war in 1783.
7th Army (Wehrmacht)
On 25 July 2010, Guti left Madrid after nearly 25 years of service for the club. He said: "I have an offer from Beşiktaş JK, but I haven't decided yet". The deal was concluded the following day, with the player signing a two-year contract. He started in his first official match for the Istanbul-based club, assisting in the game's only goal against Bucaspor.
Ape index
After his graduation, Lambert van Nistelrooij was a teacher for a while. He also worked at the Province of Gelderland and the agricultural organisation of North-Brabant Christian Farmers (NCB).
After Clinton's re-election, Fowler was accused of contacting the CIA about a businessman, Roger Tamraz, who had donated money to the Democratic party. His answer to questions from the US Senate about this was, "I have in the middle of the night--high noon--late in the afternoon--early in the morning, every hour of the day, for months now searched my memory about conversations with the CIA. And I have no memory, no memory of any conversation with the CIA." Fowler never faced formal charges and the investigation of his role ended without controversy.
<doc id="1480576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1480576" title="Noah's Arc (TV series)">
Prawn Song was resurrected in 1993 as a subsidiary of Interscope (at the time 50% owned by Atlantic Records, the parent company of the original Swan Song label) for the use of Claypool's side projects: Sausage and The Holy Mackerel. At this point, Prawn Song was also made a sister label to the Atlantic imprint Mammoth Records, working together with them to launch the musical projects of many of Claypool's friends and former bandmates, including M.I.R.V. (featuring Mark "Mirv" Haggard), the Charlie Hunter Trio (featuring Jay Lane), Alphabet Soup (also featuring Lane), Porch (featuring Todd Huth) and Laundry (featuring Tim Alexander).
Mount Cotton is a suburb located south-east of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia in the Redland City local government area.
