<br>
See also:

Keith Conrad
<doc id="36942132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36942132" title="Test-Achats">

The AMU was active at the same time as the Northern Rhodesian African National Congress was agitating politically for improved rights for Africans, however the union's president, Lawrence Katilungu, did not support the AMU becoming involved in politics. The union declined to participate in a planned strike by the Congress in 1953 to protest the establishment of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. The AMU was involved in a dispute with other Northern Rhodesian unions in the late 1950s when they attempted to dismiss Lawrence Katilungu from the leadership of the Northern Rhodesian Trade Union Congress (NRTUC). Katilungu responded by expelling all unions in arrears with their fees, leaving only three mining unions as affiliates of the NRTUC. The other unions responded by establishing a rival body, the Reformed Trade Union Congress (RTUC) in February 1960. The NRTUC and RTUC later merged in 1961 after Katilungu had been dismissed from the presidency of the AMU.
Crops.



<doc id="36945227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36945227" title="Charles Clark (Australian politician)">


After receiving his degree. he became the professor of Moral Theology at St. Joseph's Seminary in 1971. As a result of the theological tumult in the Roman Catholic Church in America after Vatican II, Smith found many of the seminarians he was educating were unsure of the essentials of their faith. Soon after Smith became a professor, auxiliary Bishop of New York Austin Vaughan (who had taught him dogma as a priest) became rector of the seminary and held the organization to a conservative view of Catholicism.
Ruzaneh (, also Romanized as Rūzaneh and Rowzaneh; also known as Ruzīneh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 104, in 22 families. 
Water availability was an important issue to the Governor and he desired to see construction of water canals, noting "the Territory should never surrender control of its water supply; it is the people's heritage and should be controlled in their interest." As for education he reported that a site had been secured on which to build the territorial university. A further 12 new school districts had been created since the last session, bringing the territorial total to 130. In other matters, Zulick asked for a revision to performed to the territorial legal code. He also wanted the repeal of a law passed during previous session that disenfranchised Mormons.
Lorber continues to describe social boundaries set up by gender using technology; she brings up two examples—computers and cars. When computers first came into use, office jobs involving them were given to women, as it appeared to be a clerical duty. It was not until computers were revealed to be complex and intellectually demanding that they became the domain of men. “By the 1960s programing was split into more and less skilled specialties, and the entry of women into the computer field in the 1970s and 1980s was confined to the lower paid specialties…employers invoked women and men’s purportedly natural capabilities for the jobs for which they were hired”. This means women will do the more menial tasks, where men will shape the industry and control it. Lorber also describes how this has influenced young people; for example we see far more young men and boys playing computer games and getting involved in computer clubs. In this way we are furthering women’s supposed natural disadvantage with computers by allowing boys to get more education and comfort with computers than girls.
Ivar Sisniega

Curriculum.
The zoological collection was founded in 1775 by Oluf Gerhard Tychsen, an orientalist and head librarian of the University of Rostock. In 1789, the collection became part of the “Academic Museum”. It was relocated to the Universitätsplatz in 1844 after the adoption of parts of the collection of the grand duke in Ludwigslust. The zoological collection is still located at the Universitätsplatz. Since 2002, it features a public exhibition room with changing special exhibitions.
