Wingate had a 15-year NBA career spanning from 1986 to 2001. He was selected in the second round with the 44th pick of the 1986 NBA Draft by the Philadelphia 76ers. His selection in the second round surprised some, with 76ers coach Matt Guokas saying, "In a lot of people's eyes, he was a first-round pick." and that he was "one of the people we would have considered" had they not traded their first round pick. After fighting for a spot on the 76ers roster, Wingate made his debut on November 2, 1986. He played nine minutes in his debut against the Atlanta Hawks, and made his first start against the Cleveland Cavaliers on March 10, 1987, scoring 22 points in 46 minutes. He finished the season having played in 77 games, averaging two assists and 8.8 points per game.
Brahmavidya (derived from the Sanskrit words brahma and vidyā) is that branch of scriptural knowledge derived primarily through a study of the veda mantras & upanishads. Put together, it means knowledge of the mantra/absolute. Brahmavidya is considered to be the highest ideal of classical Hinduism.
Menlo students have the opportunity to study abroad in China, Chile, Japan, Mexico, Spain and Italy.

Listowel is an unincorporated community in Ontario, Canada, located in the municipality of North Perth. It was created in 1998 during the amalgamation of several other communities in the northern section of Perth County, and dissolved with the creation of North Perth. Its population was 6,867 at the Canada 2011 Census.
Theta Delta Chi (ΘΔΧ, Theta Delt) is a social fraternity that was founded in 1847 at Union College. While nicknames differ from institution to institution, the most common nicknames for the fraternity are Theta Delt, Thete, TDX, and TDC. Theta Delta Chi brothers refer to their local organization as Charges rather than using the common fraternity nomenclature of chapter.
Harold E. Puthoff (born June 20, 1936) is an American physicist and parapsychologist.
Resources in RDF and the Semantic Web.
Many transportation authorities include a public transport journey planner on their websites. For example, a municipal government responsible for bus or rail lines would have a transport planner using their services exclusively, or possibly partnering or geographically closely related services. For example, the London Tube Journey Planner offers trip planning that specifically involves the London Tube. Transport for London has a multimodal journey planner covering all modes of transport in London, including cycling. A similar journey planner with all modes included is maintained by the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Council in Finland.
<doc id="2822927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2822927" title="Coyah Prefecture">

Following an admission of guilt by Liam about the forgery in a private consultation with Judge Dominick Impelliteri (Dominic Chianese), the judge decides to fill out a new warrant and purposely obviates the technicality. He also suggests to Sean that he destroy the invalid warrant. The film ends with Casey giving the introductory lecture for a new class of assistant district attorneys, urging them to approach their job with diligence.
Having previously shown his footballing ability for Mitchell Main in the winter of 1912–13, Kilner resumed his career in the sport while posted at Preston during the war. He played as a right-back for Preston North End F.C., a team which won promotion from the Second Division in 1915, but only took their place in the First Division when league football resumed in 1919. Sometimes playing under the name of Smith to avoid detection (although it is not certain why he did so), his first certain appearance for the team was in September 1918. However, it is unclear how often he actually represented the club.
