Demographics.
Pierce, Colorado
The newer communities with larger houses can be found in Sail Harbor. Many communities have large houses with direct waterfront access to Candlewood Lake, such as Sail Harbor, Candlewood Isle, and Bogus Hill. There has been many new subdivisions such as communities off Warwick Road, Route 39/37, Pine Hill, Beaver Bog, Dick Fin, and Shortwoods Road.
Elementary.
Principal communities.
<doc id="108746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=108746" title="Bridgewater, Connecticut">
Route 202 runs east-west in the northern part of town, connecting the villages of Marbledale, New Preston, and Woodville. Route 109 runs east-west near the town's geographic center, connecting Washington Depot with New Milford and Morris. The main north-south highways are Route 47, Route 199, Route 45. There is no public transportation within the Town of Washington.
The west side of Middlefield is flanked by the Metacomet Ridge, a mountainous trap rock ridgeline that stretches from Long Island Sound to nearly the Vermont border. Notable mountains of the Metacomet Ridge in Middlefield include Higby Mountain and Besek Mountain. The 50 mile Mattabesett Trail traverses the ridge. The Nature Conservancy manages the summit and ledges of Higby Mountain.
The high school in town is North Branford High School; their athletic teams are known as the North Branford Thunderbirds. The middle school is North Branford Intermediate School; it has just recently undergone a new construction project which renovated an existing structure and added approximately to the school. Their teams are known as the North Branford Hawks. There are two elementary schools, Jerome Harrison (JHS) and Totoket Valley (TVES). In mid- 2010, the decision was made to rearrange grades and close the Stanley T. Williams elementary school in Northford.
Geography.
<doc id="108833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=108833" title="Pawcatuck, Connecticut">
The surviving buildings grouped around Central Park are a continuing reminder of the wealth brought by the woolen industry and the town's aspirations to be a leading city in the state during the 19th century.
