<doc id="25327905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25327905" title="Middle Amherst Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador">
He was most recently Guest Rehearsal Director for Dance Brazil 2005 Season in Bahia, Brazil, and teaches and choreographs for the Alvin Ailey Summer Intensive Program (2001–present) in New York.
Lorena Briceño

On the 14 October 1918, U-139 attacked the Portuguese civilian steamer SS "São Miguel", which was being escorted by the Portuguese Navy small naval trawler NRP "Augusto de Castilho" in the Atlantic Ocean. The "Augusto Castilho" covered the escape of the "São Miguel" by engaging U-139 for several hours, until being destroyed.
<doc id="25329863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25329863" title="Gusztáv Gratz">

In 1993, he began work as a wardrobe supervisor on such films as "The House of the Spirits" and "Emma", before becoming an assistant costume designer. In this role, he worked on various films, including "Oscar and Lucinda", "Quills", "Proof of Life" and was also associate costume designer on the film version of "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets".
At conception, the University was to be located within Akwa Ibom State's Technology Triangle at the so-called University Town. However, the current administration of the Akwa Ibom State Government have successfully changed the enabling law of the university into a multi-campus Institution with the Main Campus situated at Ikot Akpaden, Mkpat Enin L.G.A and satellite campuses situated at Obio Akpa, Oruk Anam L.G.A and Afaha Nsit, Etinan L.G.A. The vision and strategic goals of the university have also been modified by the present administration of the State Government in order to transform the University into a conventional university whose focus is not just Technology and Applied Science but also Arts. In line with this proposed transformation, there have been some attempts at changing the name of the Institution from Akwa Ibom State University of Technology (AKUTECH) to Akwa Ibom State University (AKSU). However, this change is yet to be ratified by the Akwa Ibom State House of Assembly.
In the 1995 New Year Honours, Wiffen was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire for services to science. In 2004, she won the Morris Skinner Award from the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology.
After the war he was assigned as Chairman of the War Assets Corporation, responsible for disposing of the surplus of wartime bases, supplies and equipment, where he served until his 1946 retirement.
This is a list of Superfund sites in Maine designated under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) environmental law. The CERCLA federal law of 1980 authorized the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to create a list of polluted locations requiring a long-term response to clean up hazardous material contaminations. These locations are known as Superfund sites, and are placed on the National Priorities List (NPL). The NPL guides the EPA in "determining which sites warrant further investigation" for environmental remediation. As of November 29, 2010, there were 12 Superfund sites on the National Priorities List in Maine. No additional sites are currently proposed for entry on the list. Two sites have been cleaned up and removed from the list.
Jain Heritage.
