Various quotations are distributed through every issue of the paper. Examples include:
History.
Robert Molesworth, an ardent Whig, became a prominent figure in the new Williamite administration. Contemporaries acknowledged his opinions on politics and economy with considerable respect. From July 1689 to December 1692 he served as British Ambassador to the Court of Denmark, during which time he wrote a spirited attack on Danish absolutism in a treatise entitled "An Account of Denmark as it was in the Year 1692". From 1695 to 1698 he stood as Whig MP in both the English and Irish Parliaments, representing Camelford and Dublin City respectively. In August 1697, he was appointed to the Irish Privy Council, an effective cabinet charged with the governance of Ireland and the introduction of the "Penal Laws". From 1703 to 1715 he represented Swords as MP in the Irish Parliament. Between November 1714 and December 1715 he served in the fruitful post of Commissioner of Trade and Plantations.
List of Chief Justices of India
Irish-American communities.
Netherlands.
After Barack Obama was elected president in 2008, it was reported that DeFazio was under consideration for nomination as Obama's Secretary of Transportation. However, fellow U.S. Representative Ray LaHood was named to the post in December 2008.
Example.
Punchbowl Crater
After the American Civil War the Democratic Party under Boss William Tweed's Tammany Hall gained a monopoly in both New York City Hall and the New York Legislature. Allegations of corruption rapidly grew as rumors spread that Boss Tweed and associates of Tammany Hall were laundering tax payers money in real estate and bribing New York State legislatures for favorable legislation. New York City workers under the Tammany Hall system were paid excessive rates on the burden of tax payers. By 1871, New York City residents and the press demanded that the corruption be investigated and cleaned up. On September 4, at Cooper Union, a large organization of reputed citizens was formed known as the "Committee of Seventy", that investigated the corruption of Boss Tweed's Tammany Hall Ring. Pierrepont was appointed to and actively served on the legislation commission of the "Committee of Seventy". The "Committee of Seventy" promised to thoroughly investigate Tammany Hall corruption and strongly encouraged honest voters to stop taking bribes from Tammany Hall at the polls during election. By the end of October 1871 the "Committee of Seventy" had successfully stopped funding Boss Tweed's Tammany Hall by court injunction effectively shutting down the corrupt institution. Tweed was arrested and thrown into jail.
Gaming.
He died in the New Jersey in 1992.

Academics.
Use in China.
By 1987 a video game required 12 months to develop and another six to plan marketing. Projects remained usually solo efforts, with single developers delivering finished games to their publishers. With the ever-increasing processing and graphical capabilities of arcade, console and computer products, along with an increase in user expectations, game design moved beyond the scope of a single developer to produce a marketable game in a reasonable time. This sparked the beginning of team-based development. In broad terms, during the 1980s, pre-production involved sketches and test routines of the only developer. In the 1990s, pre-production consisted mostly of game art previews. In the early 2000s, pre-production usually produced a playable demo.
Controversial in the Roman Catholic Church, the music was starkly rejected by Pope John XXII, but embraced by Pope Clement VI. The monophonic chant, already harmonized with simple organum, was becoming altered, fragmented, and hidden beneath secular tunes. The lyrics of love poems might be sung above sacred texts, or the sacred text might be placed within a familiar secular melody. It was not merely polyphony that offended the medieval ears, but the notion of secular music merging with the sacred and making its way into the liturgy.
In 1923, the campus relocated from the Bay Area to the city of Stockton becoming the first institution of higher education in the Central Valley; it became the University of the Pacific in 1961.

The exhibit also provides a complementary web site, which provides diaries and podcasts directly from related fields of research. The exhibit was designed by Reich + Petch.
Shiera died when she was merged with Carter and Katar Hol to form a new Hawkman version, a "hawk god" creature, during the events of "", but was revived during the events of "Blackest Night" by the White Lantern ring.
There are ten check-in desks and five gates at the airport. VIP and CIP guests are offered special services at the VIP terminal. A visitors' terrace in the second floor opened in December 2006. 
L'Escalade, or "Fête de l'Escalade" (from escalade, the act of scaling defensive walls) is an annual festival held in December in Geneva, Switzerland, celebrating the defeat of the surprise attack by troops sent by Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy during the night of 11–12 December 1602. The celebrations and other commemorative activities are usually held on 12 December or the closest weekend.

Biography.
Early career.
Outside Quebec, French language continuity is low.

Dr. Jiang attended Yenching University. Jiang was inspired to "chose a career in medicine after seeing an aunt die of tuberculosis and, in 1952, entered Peking Union Medical College". In 1954, Jiang joined the People’s Liberation Army. In 1957, Jiang "was assigned to the No. 301 Hospital in Beijing". In 1987, Jiang "was named its chief surgeon".
The name refers to the fact that the coil spring tensed between the keycap and a pivoting hammer buckles, i.e. kinks or collapses, at a certain point in its downward traverse, providing auditory and tactile feedback to the keyboard operator. Upon buckling, the hammer is pivoted forward by the spring and strikes an electrical contact which registers the key press. In a Model M, the electrical contact is a membrane sheet similar to that of a modern dome switch keyboard. On the older Model F design, a capacitive contact was used instead.
The Living Tribunal possesses virtually unlimited power and near absolute control over the Marvel Multiverse.
Viking mission.
Zugzwang.
Allen Trimble (November 24, 1783 – February 3, 1870) was a Federalist politician from Ohio. Son of James Trimble and Jane Allen. He served as the eighth and tenth Governor of Ohio.

Signs and symptoms.
Began as a Medical Doctor (MBBS and MD) he did his Law (LL.B.) with Post-graduation in International Law (LL.M.) and his Masters in Business Administration (DBM and MBA) and in Journalism (B.Journ). He did his Masters in ten subjects. M.A. (Public Administration ; M.A. (Sociology) ; M.A. (Economics); M.A. (Sanskrit); M.A. (History); M.A.(English Literature); M.A. (Philosophy); M.A. (Political Science) ; M.A. (Ancient Indian History,Culture and Archaeology); M.A (Psychology). He got his D. Litt (Doctor of Letters) in Sanskrit, the highest of any Degree in a University. Most of his Degrees are with First Merit and he has obtained 28 Gold Medals. Between 1973 and 1990 he has written 42 University Examinations, every summer and every winter.

Fifth Commandment
Picturephones were also later installed in the offices of Westinghouse and Alcoa in Pittsburgh, as well as other technology companies in that city. AT&T's commercial service in Pittsburgh started on June 30, 1970 with 38 Picturephones at eight companies, at a lease rate of $160 per month ($947/month in 2012 dollars) for the service, which provided for 30 minutes of videocalling time per month, with extra minutes costing 25 cents each.
Carboxyhemoglobin
Ronald Reagan.
Apart from his own factory work, Mattick organized not only most of the review's technical work but was also the author of the greater part of the contributions which appeared in it. Among the few willing to offer regular contributions was Karl Korsch, with whom Mattick had come into contact in 1935 and who remained a personal friend for many years from the time of his emigration to the United States at the end of 1936.
Basic application criteria.

The opera productions in the Verona Arena had not used any microphones or loudspeakers until an electronic sound reinforcement system was installed in 2011.
UCLan has 69 professors, over 600 research or knowledge transfer-active members of staff, and 550 research students.

Whenever he presides at any divine service, the bishop will be vested in the omophor. If he is serving the Divine Liturgy he will wear both the great and the small omophor at different times over his liturgical vestments. At any service other than the Divine Liturgy he will usually wear the small omophor.
Line 2.
2008–09.
Also note that a similar structure attaching one end to muscle and the other end to a tendon is known as a Golgi tendon organ. However, Golgi tendon organs differ from nuclear chain and nuclear bag fibers in that they are considered in series rather than in parallel to the muscle fibers.
By using the survival rates for Jews in various countries, Thomas and Morgan-Witts, the authors of "Voyage of the Damned", estimated that 180 of the "St. Louis" refugees in France, 152 of those in Belgium, and 60 of those in the Netherlands, survived the Holocaust. Together with the passengers who landed in England, of the original 936 refugees (one man died during the voyage), roughly 709 survived the war and 227 did not.
Production.
They have released material for bands such as his own, NOFX, Good Riddance, Descendents, Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, The Loved Ones, Screeching Weasel, Propagandhi, Rise Against, Lagwagon, Strung Out, No Use for a Name, Less Than Jake, Against Me! and Anti-Flag.

Since the late 19th century many areas in the watershed of the river have been extensively mined for minerals, resulting in an ongoing stream pollution problem. Most pollution has come from the copper mines in Butte and the smelter in Anaconda. Many of the most polluted areas have been designated as Superfund sites. Nevertheless the river and its tributaries are among the most popular destinations for fly fishing in the United States.

A smooth curve is a curve "z" : ["a", "b"] → C with a non-vanishing, continuous derivative such that each point is traversed only once (z is one-to-one), with the possible exception of a curve such that the endpoints match ("z"("a") = "z"("b")). In the case where the endpoints match the curve is called closed, and the function is required to be one-to-one everywhere else and the derivative must be continuous at the identified point (formula_1). A smooth curve that is not closed is often referred to as a smooth arc.
<doc id="704408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=704408" title="Chesapeake Affair">
Digital channels.
In June 2005, Bull came 19th in the "Radio Times" survey of the forty most powerful people on radio, the highest ranked phone-in host. He was described as "a brilliant phone-in host who knows that the way to make captivating talk radio is not to rant or rage, but to create a separate world, away from the nonsense of current affairs – then invite his listeners into it. His show is the most listened-to night-time programme in London and is an understated joy," while "The Independent" called him "The Emperor of night-time talk radio."
Barry McCaffrey
Pensacola Beach occupies land bound by a 1947 deed from the United States Department of Interior that it be administered in the public interest by the county or leased, but never "disposed"; its businesses and residents are thus long-term leaseholders and not property owners.

At the end of the month of "Bohag" there is also the farewell to the month commemorated by numerous "Bohagi Bidai" functions.
Guangzhouwan (also spelled Quang- or Kouang-Tchéou-Wan, Kwangchowan or Kwang-Chou-Wan), meaning "Guangzhou Bay", was a small enclave on the southern coast of China ceded by Qing China to France as a leased territory and administered as an outlier of French Indochina. The territory did not experience the rapid growth in population that other parts of coastal China experienced, rising from 189,000 in 1911 to just 209,000 in 1935. Industries included shipping and coal mining.
In 1953 Mr. Monroe formed RAM Enterprises, a corporation that produced network radio programs, as many as 28 programs monthly, principally in dramatic and popular quiz shows.
