
In 1945 MacGlashan introduced the "New Coin Shooting Pistol" designed for the amusement park and carnival business. MacGlashan designed their pistol to shoot an American Nickel providing booth operators income from the coins used to try and win prizes. Original expectations were for the booth operator to set prizes on shelves that would have to be knocked off the shelf to win. Coins would be trapped by a cloth behind the prizes and operators would simply collect their days earnings from under the prizes.

Excel Communications was founded in 1988 by Dallas entrepreneur Kenny Troutt as a long distance reseller in the US telecom sector at the birth of telecom deregulation. It started its business by selling franchises through the business model of network marketing or multi-level marketing (MLM).
Hydrophilic membrane filtration.
প্রভো শক্তিমন্‌ হিন্দুরাষ্ট্রাঙ্গভূতা<br>
Honours.
TP Mazembe won the title in 2009, which was their third title overall after winning it 1967 and 1968 when it was called the African Cup of Champions Clubs. Espérance entered the Champions league for the first time since 2005. In 1994 they won their only title so far.

The desert is about 105-mi (169 km) long north-south, and about 60-mi (97 km) wide. The desert covers a large section of the central-north Sevier River drainage (), and much of the east half of Millard County (). The Sevier Desert is named for the river, which is derived from "Rio Severo" (wild river), a local name given by early Spanish explorers.
Timor-Leste's traditional home kit is red shirts, black shorts and red or black socks. The away kits have featured white or yellow shirts. In 2009 SEA Games, Timor Leste U-23 wear the same feature as Spain's Home kit but the away kit is Yellow-Blue-Blue. The kits are currently manufactured by Nike
According to Arnold Houbraken, who devoted 10 pages to him in his compilation of artist biographies called the "Schouwburg", he was a good portrait and landscape painter who was taught drawing by Jacob Backereel in Antwerp and "Perspective" by Nicolaes Fierlants in Den Bosch. In 1659 he travelled with Georg Remees to Amsterdam in order to go to Paris (wars prevented them from travelling south over land). While waiting for a boat to Paris, he made a tour of all the "kunst kabinetten", or art cabinets. Upon arrival in Paris (via Dieppe), he lived at the home of his cousin Laurentius Francken, where he met Francisque Millet. Millet, 17 and an art student at the time, lived there also and Genoels taught him perspective. Genoels soon received a commission for tapestry designs from Gi. de la Noire Tapissier. A series of other commissions soon followed and he was admitted to the Académie Royale in Paris in 1665 by Charles le Brun. The engraver Gérard Audran helped him learn engraving while they were both working for Le Brun.
Sharas District is a district of the Hajjah Governorate, Yemen. As of 2003, the district had a population of 15,707 inhabitants.
Ad Dis District is a district of the Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen. As of 2003, the district had a population of 23,092 inhabitants.
Ali F. Mostafa (born Ali Faisal Mostafa Bin Abdullatif on 25 September 1981) is a British-Emirati filmmaker, director and producer who is credited as the director of the first Emirati feature-film "City of Life." Born in 1981, Mustafa received wide acclaim for his debut in filmmaking; he has been branded as "Best Emirati Filmmaker" in the Dubai International Film Festival (DIFF) and won the 'Young Filmmaker of the Year' award at the Digital Studio Awards 2010. 
Galla-Sidamo Governorate
Phyllonorycter mannii is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from France to Croatia, Hungary and Slovakia and from Bulgaria and the European part of Turkey.
1984 "More Building Classic Small Craft, "which is a re-issue of "Building Classic Small Craft (vol.2)" 
Teodoro Goliardi (born 28 May 1927) is a Uruguayan fencer. He competed in the individual sabre events at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics.

Men
Friendly
Mandrake is a German gothic metal band from Emden, Ostfriesland, formed by Lutz de Putter in 1996.
The 1984 Volvo Grand Prix was a professional tennis circuit held that year. It incorporated the four Grand Slam tournaments, the Grand Prix tournaments and two team events (World Team Cup, Davis Cup).


"The Last Note of Freedom" was co-written by Hans Zimmer, Billy Idol and David Coverdale. Maria McKee's "Show Me Heaven" was released as a single alongside the movie. The album is also notable for the inclusion of Guns N' Roses' cover of Bob Dylan's "Knockin' on Heaven's Door", a year before the song was released with a slightly different mix (basically without the responses in the second verse) on the 1991 album "Use Your Illusion II". The Cher song "Trail of Broken Hearts" was released in the single "Love And Understanding" and belongs to the recording sessions of her 1991 album "Love Hurts". The song "Gimme Some Lovin'" is credited to Terry Reid, but the version in the movie is actually from The Spencer Davis Group. "Gimme Some Lovin'" also featured on Reid's 1991 solo album, "The Driver", along with an alternate version of "The Last Note of Freedom" with different lyrics, titled "The Driver (Part 2)".
Promotion.
Sources.
<doc id="29301715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29301715" title="The Vanishing Bridegroom">
The European oak leaf-miner or Zeller's Midget ("Phyllonorycter messaniella") is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Europe south of the line running from Ireland, through Great Britain, Denmark to Ukraine. It is also found in Macaronesia. It is an introduced species in New Zealand and Australia.
The organisation's current (since 2009) campaign L2M3 (Loving life, Making my move) encourages young people to 'make their move'. The campaign is unpacked through loveLife's various media platforms and programmes designed to equip young people with the skills they need to navigate day-to-day pressures and social expectations; find ways to make a move to personal development and growth; and guide them to HIV prevention outreach and counselling services.
Hans Fagius (born 10 April, 1951) is a Swedish classical organist.
History.
Below are the directive parameters defined in OpenHMPP: 
The 1972 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix was a professional tennis circuit held that year and organized by the International Lawn Tennis Federation (ILTF). It consisted of 33 Grand Prix tournaments in different categories including three of the four Grand Slam tournaments and was followed by a season-ending Masters tournament. The circuit ran from February through November.
Jordan participated in the 3rd West Asian Games held in Doha, Qatar from December 1, 2005 to December 10, 2005. Jordan ranked 8th with 3 gold medals and 11 silver medals in this edition of the West Asian Games.
Incident.

<doc id="29305186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29305186" title="Open University of Sudan">
Family.
