Muniz M-7
Sawyer Center
Since the 1920s the city has had a council-manager government in which a city manager runs most of the day to day operations of the city. In terms of actual power Kansas City has a relatively weak mayor compared to other large cities of its size. However, the Mayor of Kansas City is considered extremeley influential in drafting and guiding public policy. He presides over all city council meetings that he attends and he has a vote on the council. Due to these combined factors the mayor, in fact, holds a significant amount of de facto power in the city government. 

The death of William Louis in 1665 without heirs changed the distribution of the existing Anhalt principalities: Emmanuel and Lebrecht received Köthen, and their former principality of Plötzkau was returned to Anhalt-Bernburg, from which it was originally extracted.
For the extension to Queen's Park, the LER supplemented the existing rolling stock with 14 new carriages ordered from Brush Traction and Leeds Forge Company plus spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR. These carriages, the 1914 stock, were the first to have doors in the sides of the carriages as well as the ends. For the longer extension to Watford, the LER and the LNWR ordered 72 new carriages from the Metropolitan Railway Carriage and Wagon Company. Manufacture of this rolling stock was delayed by the war, and, while it was waiting for delivery, the Bakerloo Tube used spare 1915 stock carriages ordered for an unfinished extension of the CLR to Ealing Broadway and more spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP&BR. Delivery of the carriages for the Watford service, known as the Watford Joint stock because ownership was shared with the LNWR, began in 1920; they were painted in the LNWR's livery to distinguish them from trains operating only on the Bakerloo Tube's tracks.
The Major League regular season schedule generally runs from the first Sunday in April to the last Sunday in September or the first Sunday in October. Each team is scheduled to play 162 games during the season. Games are scheduled every day (except as noted in the next paragraph), although not all teams play every day; by rule, each team has a scheduled day off at least once every two weeks (though it usually occurs about once a week). Players and teams prepare for the season in spring training, in Florida or Arizona, during February and March. Three rounds of playoffs follow the regular season, culminating in the World Series in late October. The Major League postseason consist of multiple game series that are split between the two teams' home fields; predetermined sites are not used as they are in some other professional sports championships.
The term may also refer to:
The Villanova-Pitt game on January 28, 2009 was the last game to be held at the Wachovia Spectrum which drew a crowd of 17,449.
<doc id="19194886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19194886" title="Justifiers">
KMCM
Careful storage of edible eggs is extremely important, as an improperly handled egg can contain elevated levels of "Salmonella" bacteria that can cause severe food poisoning. In the US, eggs are washed, and this cleans the shell, but erodes the cuticle. The USDA thus recommends refrigerating eggs to prevent the growth of "Salmonella".
<doc id="19196523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19196523" title="Randomness">

Early life.
The river has its sources in the eastern part of Belgorod Oblast, on the southeastern slopes of the Central Russian Upland. It flows in a northeasterly direction, and joins the Don some 15 kilometers west of the town of Liski in Voronezh Oblast.

by H.M. Queen Elizabeth II, 2003

List of cities, towns and villages in North Brabant, L-R
This album features "Falling Star", which received airplay on MTV in 1999.
<doc id="19201623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19201623" title="Immediacy">
After just missing out on relegation to Division 3, Eddie Boot took his first full season in charge to try to raise Town up to the top half of the Division 2. Town made a promising start with 4 wins from their first 6 games, including a 5–1 win against Plymouth Argyle and a 4–3 win at Luton Town. Derek Stokes had a great start to the season with 8 goals from the first 9 league games including a hat-trick in the 4–2 win against Walsall. An indifferent spell in October and November saw Town lose ground, but a player exchange in February would see Town surge up the table.
"Stereo Subversion" was less enthusiastic though, stating "the album suffers from a serious case of disorganization and drag" being "heavy on cheesy diary-entry balladry" and finally stating that "the album shows little of what makes Jon McLaughlin such an interesting songwriter, and it’s sad to think that the first introduction much of America will get to his music is this mediocre mess."

August Evening
<doc id="19203516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19203516" title="Hakushaku to Yōsei">
History.
Patricia Morris, Baroness Morris of Bolton, OBE, DL (b. 1 January 1954, Farnworth), is a British peer and former Shadow Minister for Women and an Opposition Whip for the Conservative Party.
Personnel.
Corey, Jon K.'s eldest son and vice president of corporate investments at Bonds & Trage, is thought by man to be his father's successor. Educated at exclusive and prestigious schools, Corey's refined personality fits perfectly with the distinguished and traditional atmosphere of the mahogany-panelled offices at Bonds & Trage. Considered one of America's most eligible bachelors, Corey was recently featured as "Bachelor of the Month" in "Metropolitan" magazine. Although many glamorous women have tried to change his mind, he claims to be too busy for a serious relationship.
The morganatic marriage of a Reformist prince with a Lutheran woman from the lesser nobility brought vehements protest from the Reform Church and the other agnates of the Anhalt principalities. Nonetheless, Gisela Agnes was created Imperial Countess of Nienburg (German: "Reichsgräfin von Nienburg") on 23 July 1694.

<doc id="19206112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19206112" title="WAMP (disambiguation)">

Slater Memorial Museum, Norwich, Connecticut
