9 wins

Ranks.

<doc id="2178360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178360" title="Khmer People's National Liberation Front">
<doc id="2178500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2178500" title="Yakiniku">

Sports Day was an annual event in Fuhua from the period 2000 to 2005. It was phased out and replaced with the Sports Carnival.
Unlike most films of its genre, "Tourfilm" is noticeably devoid of standard rock movie staples such as backstage footage and interviews with band members. The film was released on LaserDisc and VHS in 1990 and DVD in August 2000.
PASS (the Proof of Age Standards Scheme) is a government-backed scheme in the UK that gives young people a valid and accepted form of proof of age identification. The scheme is supported by the Home Office, the Trading Standards Institute (TSI) and the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO).
Patrick Conlon is an illustrator and tattooist in New York. He wrote and illustrated the graphic novel "Swarm", and collaborated with Michael Manning, another fetish artist, on "The Tranceptor Series".
Other.
The regiment is perhaps the only infantry regiment with naval Galley as an insignia, anywhere. It was awarded to 69th Punjabis (later 2nd PUNJAB) in recognition of the readiness to serve overseas, after the battalion had fought in eight overseas campaigns by 1824.
Three ranks of chiefs where recognized by the King of Burma and later by the British administration. These ranks were:
In 1903, he married Julia Proshinskaya (1880–1942).
The first modern library opened in 1962 at the new City Hall, which was also the central library for many years before the opening of the Central Library. Over ten thousand library cards were issued in the first month of service, and borrowers were limited to only one book at a time. The second location and the first in Kowloon was the Waterloo Road Library, opened 1965 (later replaced by the Kowloon Public Library in 1984). The Pok Fu Lam Public Library opened next in December 1970 in the newly constructed Wah Fu Estate, and has served that community continuously for over 40 years. The first public library in the New Territories opened in Fuk Loi Estate, Tsuen Wan New Town, in 1974. In 1976 the first mobile library was introduced. The Tsuen Wan Central Library, at the time of its opening in July 1993, was the largest library in Hong Kong. 

The phases of the planet Venus are the different variations of lighting seen on the planet's surface, similar to lunar phases. The first recorded observations of them were telescopic observations by Galileo Galilei in 1610. Although the extreme crescent phase of Venus has been observed with the naked eye there are no indisputable historical pre-telescopic records of it being observed.
Edison's graduates have typically moved on to attend local and state colleges and universities, such as Virginia Tech, the University of Virginia, The College of William and Mary, George Mason University, Virginia Commonwealth University, James Madison University, West Virginia University and Northern Virginia Community College.
An Impact-Benefit Agreement (IBA) was signed with community leaders in 2005 Community members later protested the agreement through demonstrations and road blocks claiming that the community's share of the "bounty from the mine isn't getting back to the community." De Beers has negotiated a lease area. Although it is acknowledged that the mine is on Attawapiskat traditional land, the royalties from Victor Mine, flow to the Province of Ontario, not Attawapiskat First Nation. They have 500 full-time employees with 100 from Attawapiskat First Nation. De Beers also employs Attawapiskat First Nation in winter road construction. The "mine employ 100 people from Attawapiskat at any one time. It generates about $400 million in annual revenue for the company. " Sub-contractors from Attawapiskat First Nation also work for the mine.
Volume Seven: Noise Forest.
However, it can be approximated to within a constant approximation ratio using semidefinite programming.
On 14 June 1971, following a year's service on the California coast, the ship once again steamed toward Japan and arrived in Sasebo on 5 July. Commander, Service Group (ComServGru) 3, embarked; and "Ajax" commenced business as usual. The ship spent September in Vung Tau, but her month of hard work there was followed by five days of "rest and relaxation" in Hong Kong before she returned to Sasebo on 1 October. However, the vessel soon again proceeded to Vung Tau and worked diligently for the first three weeks in November. Next came a three-day rest in Keelung and Taipei, Taiwan, before a run back to Sasebo to prepare for the voyage home. On 27 January 1972, ComServGru 3 shifted his flag to Hector; and "Ajax" steamed via Pearl Harbor to San Diego where she arrived on 16 February and served for the remainder of the year.
The film stars Leslie Caron as Cinderella, and Michael Wilding as the Prince, with Keenan Wynn, Estelle Winwood, Elsa Lanchester, Barry Jones, Lurene Tuttle, Liliane Montevecchi and Walter Pidgeon as Narrator.

Bruce Manning Metzger (February 9, 1914 – February 13, 2007) was an American biblical scholar and textual critic who was a longtime professor at Princeton Theological Seminary and Bible editor who served on the board of the American Bible Society and United Bible Societies. He was a scholar of Greek, New Testament, and New Testament textual criticism, and wrote prolifically on these subjects. Metzger is widely considered one of the most influential New Testament scholars of the 20th century.
On February 18, 2010, Rodríguez was traded to the New York Knicks, along with Tracy McGrady, in a 3-team trade deal.
Upon making landfall, the hurricane brought a storm surge exceeding , inundating low-lying coastal areas such as Padre Island. Winds up to were recorded as far north as Corpus Christi; however, no known winds were measured where the system made landfall. During a 24 hour-span, of rain fell in Mercedes, Texas. These heavy rains resulted in substantial flooding along the Rio Grande over the following week. Near Brownsville, a town in Mexico was mostly flooded after the river broke its banks on July 4. Floods persisted in the country through July 10, leaving behind substantial damage. Though no loss of life took place, total losses from the hurricane reached $1.3 million, almost all of which was attributed to destroyed railroads in Mexico.
SS-20 debuted during the "Mokotów Autumn Music Festival", in November 1981. In the spring of 1982 the band played at the "Rail Worker House of Culture" in Warsaw's district of Praga, but the show was ended halfway when management of the house disconnected electricity. Soon afterwards, SS-20 went for its first concert outside of Warsaw. It took place in Toruń, at the "Od Nowa Club". In early summer 1982, SS-20 recorded a tape and sent it to the management of the Jarocin Festival. To the surprise of band's members, it was qualified to perform. The August 1982 Jarocin show was filmed by Polish TV (see YouTube video of Dezerter at Jarocin 1982: and by film director Paweł Karpiński. SS-20 became famous, and the band appeared in such films, as "Być człowiekiem", "Film o pankach", and "To tylko rock" (see YouTube video of Dezerter from the 1983 "Film o pankach" [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M7aOsNri4s).
