It is classified as a Gamma Cassiopeiae type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +4.68 to +4.89.

<doc id="2859424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2859424" title="Becky Godwin">
"Our Man in Nirvana".
History is almost certain that Kiliaen van Rensselaer never visited his land in New Netherland. The "Van Rensselaer Bowier Manuscripts", a collection of translated primary documents from that time, state, 
Poděbrady (; ) is a historical spa town in the Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic. It lies on the river Labe east of Prague on the D11 highway. A historic milestone in the life of the town was the year 1905, when it was visited by the German estate owner Prince von Bülow. This well-known water diviner found in the inner courtyard of the castle signs of a strong spring, which was later bored to a depth of . The discovery of carbonic mineral water resulted in the opening of the first spa in 1908. After World War I Poděbrady rapidly changed into a spa town which from 1926 specialized in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, rapidly gaining renown not only in the Czech Republic, but also abroad in countries including Austria, Germany, Russia and the United States.
Diabetes.
The Ancient Church of the East ( "ʿĒtā ʿAttīqtā d'Maḏnəḥā", ), officially the Ancient Holy Apostolic Catholic Church of the East (ܗܝ ܥܕܬܐ ܣܘܪܝܝܬܐ ܕܐܫܬܬܐܣܬ ܒܫܢܬܐ) was established in 1964. It is one of the churches that claim continuity with the historical Patriarchate of Seleucia-Ctesiphon – the Church of the East, one of the oldest Christian churches in Mesopotamia. 
An electrodynamic tether is attached to an object, the tether being oriented at an angle to the local vertical between the object and a planet with a magnetic field. The tether's far end can be left bare, making electrical contact with the ionosphere. When the tether intersects the planet's magnetic field, it generates a current, and thereby converts some of the orbiting body's kinetic energy to electrical energy. Functionally, electrons flow from the space plasma into the conductive tether, are passed through a resistive load in a control unit and are emitted into the space plasma by an electron emitter as free electrons. As a result of this process, an electrodynamic force acts on the tether and attached object, slowing their orbital motion. In a loose sense, the process can be likened to a conventional windmill- the drag force of a resistive medium(air or, in this case, the magnetosphere) is used to convert the kinetic energy of relative motion(wind, or the satellite's momentum) into electricity. In principle, compact high-current tether power generators are possible and, with basic hardware, tens, hundreds, and thousands of kilowatts appears to be attainable.
<doc id="2860485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860485" title="Marianne (disambiguation)">
Q values are also featured in particle physics. For example in Sargent's rule, which states that the reaction rate of weak interactions is proportional to "Q"5. The "Q" value is the kinetic energy released in the decay of the particle at rest. For example, for neutron decay:
Combat was an Exidy shooting gallery arcade game released in 1985. In this war themed shooting game, the player had to protect his/her army in combat in a variety of combat theatres. Using the light gun, the player protected troops, tanks, and airplanes from attackers while destroying various enemy structures that must be demolished in order to beat a particular level.
His earliest cricket was played at Fulneck school, and later he was associated with Pudsey St. Lawrence and the Wath Athletic Club, which played in the Mexborough League, and of which he was captain. He appeared regularly for Yorkshire 2nd XI in 1907 and two following seasons, and in 1908 received his first trial for the County. He did not, however, secure a regular place in the team until two years later, but in 1911 he scored 1,125 runs for his county and took seventy-four wickets, with a highest innings of 210 against Worcestershire on the Worcester ground. He increased his reputation as a bowler in the following summer, and in 1913 made over a thousand runs and took 158 wickets of Yorkshire, his aggregate of 181 wickets in first-class matches being the highest of any bowler that season. In 1914 he was not so successful in batting, but he obtained 141 wickets for Yorkshire at a cost of 18 runs apiece. Although a fine punishing batsman, Booth's claim to fame will rest chiefly upon what he accomplished as a bowler. Possessed of a free, natural action, he made the ball come quickly off the pitch. On occasion his off-break was quite formidable, but his strong points were swerve and pace off the ground.
In the early seventies, she had a relationship with the sculptor Mario Ceroli; their daughter Anna was born in 1973 (she died in a 1994 car accident). Nicolodi had a professional and romantic relationship with director Dario Argento; they met in 1974 during casting for the film "Deep Red", and their daughter Asia was born in 1975. They separated in 1985.
Arthurs Creek began as a horticultural settlement with numerous orchards, with the Post Office opening on 7 October 1889 (it closed in 1972). After the First World War, cattle and sheep farms replaced orchards as the principal industry. Today, the land-holdings of Arthurs Creek are a mixture of smaller farm properties including vineyards, orchards, and life-style properties.
Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize
The book was adapted for a 2004 ABC Family television movie titled "Brave New Girl" (the new title comes from a song on Spears' album "In the Zone"). Although the plot was drastically changed, Spears was included as an executive producer of the film.
<doc id="2861845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861845" title="BorgWarner">
In early 2009, Sutherland Council approved plans to further upgrade the complex, which included demolition of the office tower and adding 100 additional speciality shops at a cost of A$435 million. Myer will lose its ground floor for a larger 'full-line' Woolworths supermarket, while a new multi-screen Event Cinemas complex will be added. The entrance will be moved closer to the Kingsway. The centre will be expanded by approximately 19,000 square metres to 127,000 square metres of gross lettable area. Demolition of the areas around the office tower began in July 2013. The new area is planned to be open by late 2014 while the cinema complex is due open in mid 2015.

Controversy.

Fouling on Mars.
The film was first presented at the Urbanworld Film Festival, New York on August 8, 1998.
Carmarthen Road.
HKBN is dedicated to its core purpose “Make our Hong Kong a better place to live”. It takes great pride in developing its 2,500-strong Talent force into a competitive advantage, who is committed to living by "TREE", its four core values - “Trustworthy - be honest and genuine, keeping promises without compromising”, “Responsive - be visionary and receptive, responding aptly and promptly”, “Entrepreneurial - be responsible and unyielding, striving for excellence” and “Engaging - be devoted and considerate, attracting others to follow suit”.
The following is a list of vascular plants, bryophytes and lichens which were regarded as rare species by the authors of British Plant Communities, together with the communities in which they occur.
Video game.

Avarkaḷ/Vāḷ.
When a show is presented in widescreen, the logo would be shrunk and placed to fit within the video area. During the 2006–2007 television season, this smaller widescreen logo was only used during live broadcasts, such as "Saturday Night Live", the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree lighting, Live Earth, and the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular. The small logo was reintegrated at the start of the 2007–2008 television season on all widescreen programming, including prerecorded standard definition broadcasts in order to insert promos during the show. High-definition programming used a variation of the network's logo bug accompanied by HD text in the 2006-2007 television season. Live broadcasts in high-definition previously used the logo with no HD text. Today, the NBC bug is placed within the 4:3 safe picture, so the logo bug is identical on the standard definition feed as well as the high-definition feed.
Exports and the Japanese market.
Campus.
Some minerals, namely jarosites and herbertsmithite, contain layers with kagome lattice arrangement of atoms in their crystal structure. These minerals display novel physical properties connected with geometrically frustrated magnetism. The term is much in use nowadays in the scientific literature, especially by theorists studying the magnetic properties of a theoretical kagome lattice in two or three dimensions. The term "kagome lattice" in this context was coined by Japanese physicist Kōji Fushimi, who was working with Ichirō Shōji. The first paper on the subject appeared in 1951.
“Availability cascade” is a concept that Timur Kuran developed jointly with Cass Sunstein, initially through a 1999 article entitled “Availability Cascades and Risk Regulation.” An availability cascade is a process of collective belief formation whereby an expressed perception triggers reactions that make that perception seem increasingly plausible through its rising availability in public discourse. The driving mechanism ordinarily involves a combination of informational and reputational motives. Individuals endorse the perception partly because they base their own beliefs on the apparent beliefs of others. The other motivation is social acceptance, which individuals achieve through preference falsification.
In 2008, a songbook was released containing 20 songs by members of the workshop, including Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Tom Kitt and Amanda Green, Michael John LaChiusa, Maury Yeston, Kim Oler and Alison Hubbard, Joy Son, Jill Abramovitz and Jeff Blumenkrantz. Jeff Blumenkrantz hosted a weekly podcast to showcase the songbook, in which he interviewed the writers of each song and had a guest artist perform the song, followed by an interview with the performer. Artists who appeared on the podcast include Brian d'Arcy James, Liz Callaway, Hunter Foster, Emily Skinner, Ann Harada and Neil Patrick Harris.
When 'Umar received the reply, he decided to watch further developments and started concentrating fresh forces at Madinah which could be dispatched to Egypt as reinforcements. On Eid al-Adha, the Muslim army marched from Shajratein to El Arish, a small town lacking a garrison. The town put up no resistance, and the citizens offered allegiance on the usual terms. The Muslim soldiers celebrated the Eid festival there.
Its old name was Rampur and it had a majority Hindu population until the 17th century. The name changed after the arrival of a Sufi saint Shah Shams Sherazi from Delhi.
Opinion of peers.
<doc id="2865396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865396" title="Spinal shock">
Davy then briefly left politics, working as a sharebroker and newspaper manager. In 1940, he returned to politics, joining the People's Movement. The following year, part of the People's Movement merged into the National Party (the ultimate conclusion of the United-Reform coalition), and Davy established his own Co-operative Party, but he soon abandoned this and returned to the remnants of the Movement.
In an effort to combat Walgreens expansion in Hawaii, CVS began a statewide expansion, with many new locations within a mile of an existing Longs Drugs. The following stores have recently, or will open within the next year.
<doc id="2865896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865896" title="Gaspar Coelho">

The Catalan World Atlas was produced by the Majorcan cartographic school and is attributed to Cresques Abraham. It has been in the royal library of France (now the Bibliothèque nationale de France) since the time of Charles V. The Catalan Atlas originally consisted of 6 vellum leaves folded down the middle painted in various colors including gold and silver. The first two leaves contain texts in Catalan language covering cosmography, astronomy, and astrology. These texts are accompanied by illustrations. The texts and illustration emphasize the Earth's spherical shape and the state of the known world. They also provide information to sailors on tides and how to tell time at night.

Christian anti-Masonry.
Lights are kept up for about two weeks and turned on for a few hours each evening. Major streets in the vicinity are closed to auto traffic during these hours to allow pedestrians to fill the streets and enjoy the lights. It is viewed by about three to five million people each year.
