Liga I:
<doc id="22993790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22993790" title="Dōtei shain to yoromeki fujin">
Pringle wrote and directed the Australian feature film, "Wrong World", which was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 35th Berlin International Film Festival in 1985.
The settlement began in the fall of 1849 with four cabins on the south of a ravine, erected by the Boston Company, led by Rev. H.H. Cummings. By 1853, there were several quartz mills, and later a foundry. It is situated from present-day Grass Valley, California. 
During the pre-modern era early forms of globalization were already beginning to affect a world system, marking a period that historian A. G. Hopkins has called archaic globalization. The world system leading up to proto-globalization was one that hinged on one or more hegemonic powers assimilating neighboring cultures into their political system, waging war on other nations, and dominating world trade.
<doc id="22995424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22995424" title="Cornwell, California">
Rakkestad IF - Moss 0 - 6
The opposite of feeding order, the situation in which rule A destroys a certain context so rule B can no longer apply, is called bleeding order. 
KiWi Radio (radio show)
Hess lost his semi-final bout against Alexander Shlemenko on May 27. Despite controlling the first two rounds, Hess was on the receiving end of a flying knee from Shlemenko midway through the third round. As a result of the strike, Hess fell awkwardly on his left leg and severely dislocated his knee, causing the referee to stop the bout. His knee is requiring surgery and will him out of action for six months.
Music video.
Simorgh is used in hundreds of libraries and companies around Iran, including Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting corporation's 52 countrywide databases which are all now using a single server solution and online client accesses. Simorgh can link libraries and data sources to provide unified access through one portal. Simorgh can be used as a repository of digital documents and provide them to clients. The latest version of Simorgh incorporates radio-frequency identification, and was covered by news agencies including the Iranian News channel, the Iranian Technology news and the Iranian Students News Agency.
Zigzag scallops have been found historically in several areas around Bermuda, including Harrington Sound, where they were once a popular catch among recreational fishers. Overfishing through the 1970s decimated the population to the point that a series of 1987 SCUBA surveys around the island discovered only two scallops at two different sites. Besides Bermuda, zigzag scallops can be found off Cape Hatteras in North Carolina, throughout the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean, and as far south as Santa Catarina, Brazil.
Extensions of MSM to multiple assets provide reliable estimates of the value-at-risk in a portfolio of securities.
<doc id="22999865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22999865" title="Copperfield, California">
46% of all rainwater falling on Jeju Island in the Gotjawal forest's areas permeates through the lava and soil into the groundwater's aquifers, via lava structures such as lava tubes, skylights, clinkers, and cracks; structures typically found in ʻAʻā lava. This is the highest rainwater percolation and groundwater recharge rate in South Korea. 
Antioch.
The Louguantai Temple (Chinese: 楼观台寺), in Tayu village (塔峪村), Zhouzhi county, Shaanxi province, about 70 km, west of Xian, is the place where tradition says that Lao Tze composed the Tao Te Ching.
Christianity in the 20th century
<doc id="23001520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23001520" title="John Keats bibliography">
In the 1920s, Cutler, by then in her late fifties, continued to play a varied and busy schedule of leading and character roles appropriate for her age. She is perhaps most remembered, however, for one that she did not play. Cast as the nymphomaniac mother in Noël Coward's early play "The Vortex" (1924), she pulled out of the role less than a week before the piece was due to open, upset by a last-minute rewrite that she believed diminished her role. Coward managed to recruit Dame Lilian Braithwaite to take on the role. The play was a sensational success, with Cutler, as Coward said, throwing away one of the best opportunities of her life. Cutler subsequently had good roles in classic and new plays, including "The Country Wife", and "Dear Octopus".
Alona is currently focusing on her upcoming novel “Time of Women” as well as a photo novel “Glory” and a play for Habima, the Israeli National Theatre, based on her latest novel “Victor and Masha".

