The Intel-powered wireless Presto tablet by E la Carte is designed for restaurants. Presto integrates with a restaurant’s Point of Sale (POS) System. Presto’s touchscreen allows guests to view menu items, order, play games, and pay their check. It also allows guests to split the bill.

Florida State.
<doc id="42124889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42124889" title="Palace of Bank of Italy (Naples)">

Oriental Institute of Management is founded by the Oriental Education Society in 2006 under the dynamic leadership of well-known educationist Prof. Javed Khan. OIM is situated in the Vashi, harbor suburb of Mumbai. Dr. M G. Shirahatti is currently Director General of the Institute.
As of 1988 Gardena has a large Japanese-American community. Early in Gardena's history, Japanese migrants played a role in the agrarian economy.
The is a children's hospital in Yokohama, Japan. The center is a core facility of pediatric care for Kanagawa Prefecture. It consists of a research institute and hospital, and is now an ancillary establishment of Kanagawa Prefectural Hospital Organization.
<doc id="42127414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42127414" title="Free Exhibitions">
Innyakh () is a rural locality (a "selo"), one of two settlements, in addition to Delgey, in Abaginsky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located from Olyokminsk, the administrative center of the district and from Delgey. Its population as of the 2002 Census was 118.
The film was budgeted at £10 million. While it is set in Delft, the film was primarily shot in Amsterdam, Belgium, and Luxembourg. Chevalier later remarked that Webber and Serra "... needed absolute control of the space and light they worked with – something they could never achieve by shutting down a busy Delft street for an hour or two." Only a few exterior shots were filmed in Delft.

Lincoln Township is a township in Montgomery County, Iowa, USA.
Nakhimov Higher Naval Institute (Sevastopol)
Born in Ilford, Essex, Hinton was the daughter of travelling opera singers who settled in Liverpool. Already in her mid-teens, she studied ballet there making her début in 1943 as Helen of Troy in "Dr Faustus" at the Playhouse, Liverpool. The following year, Andrée Howard recommended her to the Ballet Rambert. Hinton was initially only given minor roles in ballets from the choreographers Frederick Ashton, Antony Tudor and Frank Staff. However she soon moved on to larger roles including the Queen of the Wilis in "Giselle".
He began his professional umpiring career in the 1970s, working in the New York-Penn League and Eastern League. He suffered an eye injury in January 1977 that necessitated the removal of his eye. Despite his injury, he returned to umpiring games on the amateur level and, eventually, in professional baseball again. He worked in the independent Frontier League for 10 seasons, becoming the only known one-eyed umpire in professional baseball history. He later became general manager of the Cincinnati Steam.
Baba Ndaw Seck (born 25 December 1995) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Brescia as a striker.
<doc id="42131675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42131675" title="Ozyptila maculosa">

at Oxmantown and to the army hospital at Back Lane, Dublin. The bulk of his estate was left to his widow, who remarried his cousin Nicholas Cusack; she and Adam had no children.
The growth of industry resulted in the arrival of large numbers of workers from Ireland who moved into the factories and mines in the 1830s and 1840s. It has been estimated that 60-70 per cent of colliers in Lanarkshire were Irish by the 1840s. Many were seasonal workers employed as navvies on the construction of railways. The arrivals intensified with the Potato famine of 1845. About three quarters were Catholic and a quarter Protestant.
As a faction it was created after the 2006 Crimean parliamentary election and received eight seats in the Supreme Council of Crimea.

<doc id="42134682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42134682" title="Manoba subtribei">
Vempalli Gangadhar is a researcher, poet and writer from Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh. He has been awarded Sahitya Akademi's Yuva Puraskar for 2011 for his short-story collection "Molakala Punnami".

Achaearanea dubitabilis is a tangle web spider species found in the Canary Islands.
The main OpenEMIS modules include:

They worked alongside William Lacon, son of the last Lacon family member to work at the brewery and sought assistance from David Lacon, an avid Lacons collector and nephew of Christopher Kevill Davis, the last CEO at Lacons. Yeast from the original beer was held in deep freeze at National Collection of Yeast Cultures. After obtaining the Lacons rights, Carver was able to claim the brewery's original yeast strains. The head brewer, Will Wood, spent six months developing the reinvented ales.
The Appian Way.
Dimitrie Voinov
During the 2013 season Oyongo went on trial with French side Lille and it was reported that he would be joining the Ligue 1 side during the 2014 January transfer window. The move never materialized and in January 2014 Oyongo went on trial with New York Red Bulls. Oyongo impressed during his trial and on March 7, 2014 he officially signed with the club.
Both Murray and Shy felt that they were able to make the music they way they truly desired, without any external pressures such as a record label, since it was released independently, or fear of having to conform to "pay the bills", since it was not the only band or source of income for any members.
Born in Fălticeni, she was from a modest family of estate managers. At age thirteen in 1852, she translated a novel by Madame de Genlis from French into Romanian, under the title "Palmira și Flaminia sau secretul" ("Palmira and Flaminia or the Secret"), as well as the play "Maria sau mustrările de cuget ale unei mame" ("Maria or a Mother's Qualms of Conscience"). Gheorghe Asachi, then working a censor, considered the latter immoral and tried unsuccessfully to have it banned. When she was seventeen, she applied for a grant to study abroad but was denied. She studied at Iași and at Târgu Neamț, becoming a schoolteacher in the latter town and in Vaslui in 1857, later founding a private boarding school in Fălticeni. In 1859, she married Professor V. Chrisoscoleu. She aligned herself with the writers and journalists who, after the 1848 revolution, advocated the unification of the Danubian Principalities.
Semljicola latus is a spider species found in Scandinavia, Russia and Mongolia.
<doc id="42141112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42141112" title="NSSC">
Gabriel Barima (popularly known as "Tweaa DCE") is a Ghanaian politician and the former District Chief Executive of the Ahafo Ano South District in the Ashanti Region of Ghana . He is well known for making popular the Akan word "Tweaa", which has subsequently become a slang.
Early life and education.
<doc id="42142456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42142456" title="2014 FILA Wrestling World Cup - Men's freestyle">
Final.
