Emmy Awards.
Vader (band)
His subjects included Jimi Hendrix, Nelson Mandela, and reparations for slavery.
When Cyclops decides to reform X-Force after the events of Messiah Complex he brings Rahne along to meet with Wolverine. She determinedly accompanies him on the assault on the Purifiers' base, only to be captured by Matthew Risman who shoots her in the knee when X-23 makes a move against him. While her teammates make an attempt to rescue her, they fail and Rahne is taken to an undisclosed Purifer base where she finds out that Reverend Craig has joined the ranks of the Purifiers.
In 2006, junction 2 was rebuilt in conjunction with the building of the adjacent Silverburn Shopping Centre. The northbound off-ramp and southbound on-ramp are now routed via the access roundabout to the shopping centre.
She storms into the Men's Club demanding that the men return her children, but the men, who have been lying in wait for her, capture her. The men explain that when their wives were scientists and engineers, their wives reduced them to low-level support roles. Enraged, the men implanted microchips into their wives' brains and then transplanted their minds into cloned bodies, which became the men's patient, subservient and impossibly beautiful robot mistresses. As Mike reveals Joanna's new body, Walter voices his frustration at being second best to her. The men corner Joanna and Walter and force them toward the transformation room, but before Joanna enters, she makes a final appeal by asking whether the new wives really mean it when they tell their husbands that they love them. Later, Joanna appears at the grocery store, calmly purchasing groceries alongside the other wives.
of leaf succulents that are found throughout the Northern Hemisphere, varying from annual and creeping herbs to shrubs. The plants have water-storing leaves. The flowers usually have five petals, seldom four or six. There are typically twice as many stamens as petals.
<doc id="709470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=709470" title="Nestucca Bay">
Christianity.
Licensing agreements.
Rubirosa entered one Formula One race, in 1955, the Grand Prix de Bordeaux on April 25. He planned to drive his own Ferrari 500, identical to the one which brought Alberto Ascari the and Drivers' World Championship. However, he fell ill before the race and did not drive.
Under attack.
Deposition of the ablation material on the substrate.
Originally called Briovère (meaning "Bridge on the Vire River" in Gaulish), the town is built on and around ramparts. The town started life as a Gallic fortified settlement while the name "Saint-Lô", known since the 8th century, originates from Saint Laud, bishop of Coutances in 525–565, who had a residence here. According to tradition the town received a new line of walls from Charlemagne in the early 9th century. It was sacked by the Vikings in 890 and later flourished under the bishop Geffroy de Montbray, who built here a bridge and some mills.
The reliance on Hebrew Scripture allows Milton to emphasise a plot that he feels is worthy of discussion, while the elements of Greek Tragedy allows Milton to deal with complex issues through use of choruses and messengers instead of directly depicting them in addition to softening the Hebrew characters. This merging of two forms alters Samson from a rough barbarian into a pious warrior of God.
Cruel and unusual punishment is outlawed in many legal systems, presumably on moral grounds.
<doc id="710462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=710462" title="Amoco Cadiz">
In 1960, Milner won the role of Tod Stiles in CBS television series, "Route 66", from 1960 to 1964. Created by Stirling Silliphant, "Route 66" is essentially about two regular guys in a car touring the United States.
Taft was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He graduated from high school there and received a bachelor's degree from Amherst College, where he was a member of Phi Kappa Psi, in 1925. He received a law degree from Harvard University in 1928. Taft then practiced as a lawyer in Ohio. He rose to a partnership in the law firm that would eventually become Arter and Hadden.
Competing in the inaugural Super 12 season of 1996, Northern Transvaal were one of the 12 teams. The side won eight of their 11 games and finished third on the table – behind only Auckland and Queensland. Jannie Kruger finished the season in the top three leading point-scorers, behind only Matthew Burke and John Eales. The side was however soundly defeated in a semi-final by the Auckland Blues, with the final score being 48 points to 11. The game was played at Eden Park in Auckland.
As part of a second attempt to introduce Super Rugby into the Eastern Cape, after finishing bottom of the 2012 Super Rugby table, the South African Rugby Union mandated that the Lions be replaced in the 2013 competition by the Southern Kings from Port Elizabeth. The Lions exclusion lasted just one season as they regained their place in Super Rugby for the 2014 season by beating the Southern Kings in a two leg playoff after the Kings finished bottom of the 2013 South African conference.
The Venezuelan recall referendum of 15 August 2004 was a referendum to determine whether Hugo Chávez, then President of Venezuela, should be recalled from office. The recall referendum was announced on 8 June 2004 by the National Electoral Council (CNE) after the Venezuelan opposition succeeded in collecting the number of signatures required by the 1999 Constitution to effect a recall.
In recent years there has been an attempt to build a new extension. Two plans were drawn up, but an approach has not yet been confirmed.
<doc id="711195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=711195" title="Artemis (disambiguation)">
Viscoelastic creep is important when considering long-term structural design. Given loading and temperature conditions, designers can choose materials that best suit component lifetimes.
History.
Multiple disks can be combined to form a single large logical disk, or "volume set". Disks can also be automatically replicated into "shadow sets" for data security or faster read performance.
Larsen started Game 5 for the Yankees. Larsen's opponent in the game was Brooklyn's Sal Maglie. Larsen needed just 97 pitches to complete the game, and only one Dodger batter (Pee Wee Reese in the first inning) was able to get a 3-ball count. In 1998, Larsen recalled, "I had great control. I never had that kind of control in my life." Brooklyn's Maglie gave up only two runs on five hits. Mickey Mantle's fourth-inning home run broke the scoreless tie. The Yankees added an insurance run in the sixth. After Roy Campanella grounded out to Billy Martin for the second out of the 9th inning, Larsen faced pinch hitter Dale Mitchell, a .311 career hitter. Throwing fastballs, Larsen got ahead in the count at 1–2. On his 97th pitch, a called strike, Larsen caught Mitchell looking for the 27th and last out. Larsen's unparalleled game earned him the World Series Most Valuable Player Award and Babe Ruth Award.
<doc id="711700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=711700" title="Inswinger">
Dempsey has received significant public attention for his ongoing role as Dr. Derek Shepherd in the drama "Grey's Anatomy". Prior to landing the role of Derek Shepherd, Dempsey auditioned for the role of Dr. Gregory House on another medical show, "House". Initially a midseason replacement, the show was well received and has become a highly rated program. Dempsey's character, Derek Shepherd is often referred to as "McDreamy" and has received press attention for his sex appeal, and his chemistry with "Grey's Anatomy" co-star Ellen Pompeo was well received by fans and critics. Dempsey also appeared in two episodes of the "Grey's" spinoff "Private Practice", playing the same character as in "Grey's Anatomy".
Fontana died in Las Vegas, Nevada aged 75 after suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
<doc id="711941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=711941" title="Deco">
<doc id="712045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=712045" title="Sir George Williams Affair">
In south German cuisine the equivalent is called "Strauben" and is made and served similarly. In Slovenian cuisine they are called "flancati" (). In Finnish cuisine the analogous "tippaleipä" is traditionally served at May Day (Vappu) celebrations. In Ripon, North Yorkshire, it is also known as "Fennel Funnel Pie". In the Indian subcontinent a similar dessert is called jalebi which has a somewhat chewy texture with a crystallized sugary exterior coating; in Iran this would be known as "zulbia" and is a popular dessert.
About 76.5% of Cheadle Hulme's residents reported themselves as being Christian, 1.9% Muslim, 0.9% Jewish and 0.7% Hindu. The census recorded 12.3% as having no religion, 0.3% had an alternative religion and 7.2% did not state their religion.
