The group of rocks at the highest point on the mountain is called "Backöfele" ("baking oven"), after which the observation tower was named. In the Thirty Years' War, folk from the surrounding village are supposed to have fled to this place where they baked their bread.
Total remediation efforts and their costs are:
The locality is on private land and access to the spring has been denied since 1995. Because of this, the recent population numbers are unknown, the status of the habitat is unknown, and the magnitude of current threats is also unknown. Lack of cooperation by the private land owner and impacts caused by their actions were not specifically identified as a threat. However the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service recommendations for further actions suggested that efforts should continue in an attempt to gain access to the spring. If and when access is granted, it was recommended that life history studies should be carried out, monitor population numbers should be monitored, the attributes of suitable habitat should be determined (qualities like the exact nature of the preferred substrate, the water temperature limits, pH, hardness, alkalinity etc.) and that long-term monitoring of discharge and temperature should be set up. If on the other hand, access continues to be denied, the recommendation was to attempt to set up a one-time visit to the spring in order to collect individuals for a captive refugium population.
<doc id="22260150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22260150" title="Bob Krause">

The parish of Disraeli is located in the Les Appalaches Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada. It had a population of 1,168 in the Canada 2011 Census.
List of lighting design applications
Plot.

Pepperdine head coach Marv Dunphy said earlier in the NCAA tournament that the 2008 Penn State men's volleyball team was the best men's volleyball team to ever come out of the east or midwest.
In 1936, a second American Football League of six teams was formed to challenge the NFL. It included another New York Yankees team, as well as the Cleveland Rams, the predecessor to today's St. Louis Rams. Future American Football League (1960–1969) coach and Hall of Famer Sid Gillman played his only year of Professional Football with the Rams. Before this AFL's second year, the Rams jumped to the NFL and were replaced by the first Professional Football team to actually play its home games on the West Coast, the Los Angeles Bulldogs, who had several stars including quarterback Harry Newman and end Bill Moore. The Boston Shamrocks, with all-star end Bill Fleming, outdrew the NFL's Redskins in 1936, causing George Preston Marshall to move the team to Washington. However the league as a whole could not compete, and folded after the 1937 season.
Ini Edo<br>
Life.
Now a blonde, Jody's career was reignited and Paramount Studios signed her to a contract, earning $300 a week. In October Jody was named as one of the Deb Stars of '55 along with Anita Ekberg and Cathy Crosby. 1956 brought the release of "The Leather Saint" reuniting her with John Derek and starring Cesar Romero.
Voříšek
