1981. "September:" First Hungarian Hexagonal Chess Championship in Szekszard. Title taken by Laszlo Sziraki. Fourth British Championship held at Woodford Bridge, Essex. Local and National press coverage, including picture in "The Times". Four players tied for first place. Final playoff arranged for October. "October:" Playoff held in association with the North London (square-board) Congress, when Simon Triggs retained his title.

After returning to 1969, Alan and Sarah are children once again, but have full memories of the game's events. Alan reconciles with Sam and reveals that he damaged the factory's machine. Carl gets his job back, and Sam tells his son that he does not have to attend the boarding school. Realizing that Judy and Peter have not yet been born, Alan and Sarah throw the "Jumanji" board into a river, weighed down with bricks. Sarah and Alan begin a romantic relationship as they kiss.


Freestyle (radio program)
These were used in the United States' Army of the Potomac. For the most part, these rules were adopted by other Union Armies, however it was not universal. For example, the XIII Corps never adopted a badge, and the XIX Corps had the first division wear a red badge, the second division wear a blue badge, and the third division wear white.
<doc id="3701436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3701436" title="Gan Or">
Legend has it that every 10th stone brought from Normandy to build the Castle was set aside to build the Priory, and therefore ‘now that the castle has vanished these stones are like an echo from 800 years ago.’
The constituency is almost entirely urban, as it is centred around Helsinki, the capital and the largest city in Finland. Even though the city proper is not part of the constituency, much of the area falls under the Greater Helsinki metropolitan area. The largest party in the 2011 election was the National Coalition Party.

Sturm Brightblade.
Failed to qualify: Jorge Goeters (#49), Kertus Davis (#0), Chris Wimmer (#23).
Station layout.

<doc id="3703286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3703286" title="Steve Hemmingsen">
As the event concluded, the first match that aired was a Royal Rumble qualification match between Big Show and Brock Lesnar. As the match started, Big Show shoved Lesnar into the corner twice until Lesnar drove him into the corner by spearing him. Lesnar started dominating Big Show and hit him with two consecutive Belly to Belly Suplexes and attempted to perform a third one but Big Show prevented Lesnar from performing the move by grabbing his throat. Big Show then tossed Lesnar over the top rope to the ringside. After Lesnar returned to the ring, Big Show charged at him in the corner but Lesnar avoided the charge and pulled Big Show out of the corner by performing a German Suplex and got a near-fall. Lesnar tried to escape the ring but his former and Big Show's then-manager Paul Heyman grabbed Lesnar's leg, allowing Big Show to kick him in the face. Big Show then attempted to perform a Chokeslam on Lesnar but Lesnar reversed the move into an Oklahoma Roll to get a near-fall. Lesnar followed it by performing a Belly to Belly Suplex on Big Show. Heyman distracted Lesnar by climbing the apron and Lesnar pulled him into the ring and attempted to perform a F5, on Heyman but Big Show prevented Lesnar from hitting F5 by delivering him a Chokeslam. Big Show got a near-fall. He became frustrated and attempted to perform another Chokeslam on Lesnar but Lesnar avoided the move and shoved Big Show into Heyman, who was standing on the ring apron. This allowed Lesnar to finish Big Show with a F5 and Lesnar qualified for the Royal Rumble match.
<doc id="3703787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3703787" title="Web Entertainment">
Later, after various agrarian rebellions started against Jin rule during the late reign of Emperor Hui of Jin, Zhang happened to meet Shi, and believed that Shi was the most capable general he met, and so he joined Shi's army. Initially, Shi did not consider him important, but after they became more acquainted, Shi began to value his advice more and more. In 311, when Shi, who was then a Han Zhao general who was winning many battles but failing to hold territory, considered capturing the region between the Yangtze River and the Han River, it was Zhang who advised him against the plan, apparently reasoning that Shi's army was suitable for mobility on the plains, not the river- and lake-filled region near the Yangtze. In 312, when Shi's army was facing a food shortage and worried about an attack from the Jin general Sima Rui (later Emperor Yuan), Shi's other main strategist Diao Ying (刁膺) suggested offering to declare loyalty for Jin, which Zhang told Shi would be impossible, given the great enmity that Jin forces had for Shi after his participation in capturing and pillaging Sima Yue's funeral procession and then the capital Luoyang in 311 -- and that if he tried to retreat, Jin forces would not dare to engage him. Agreeing with Zhang, Shi retreated north without being attacked by Jin forces, and he made Zhang his right secretary -- but referred to him as Right Marquess (右侯), a title that he would use to address Zhang for the rest of Zhang's life, in lieu of name, thus showing greater respect for Zhang than for other subordinates.
