GB Railways was formed in October 1996 by entrepreneurs with diverse backgrounds initially to bid for rail franchises in the United Kingdom during the privatisation of British Rail. After being awarded the Anglia franchise in 1996, GB Railways was listed on the Alternative Investment Market in January 1997.
Since most roadway improvements are funded by taxes or user fees, it is important that safety improvements pay for themselves. On low speed, low volume local roads, expensive improvements are likely to produce less in savings than they cost, and thus divert scarce resources from locations where they could be better used. On high speed, high volume freeways, high quality clear zones are worth the cost.
<doc id="20277284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277284" title="Indian Education and Self-Assistance Act (Snyder Act)">
Reception.
In 1971, he played a substantial part in Worcestershire's season, appearing in 24 first-class games while scoring 575 runs at just under 20 and taking 32 wickets at a little over 37. He also played 14 List A matches. It was in 1971 that Griffith had his best match for Worcestershire, versus Yorkshire in early June: he made 42 and 59 (his only half-century) and took four second-innings wickets as Worcestershire ran out comfortable winners.
Sir John A. Macdonald's government fell in 1872 due to corruption in railway contracts. Alexander Mackenzie succeeded Macdonald as Prime Minister and embarked on a very slow building process in Manitoba. At this time there was also a severe financial depression, due to the Credit Mobilier scandal and the building of the Union Pacific Railroad in the US. Also at this time, the government of Canada embarked on many surveys across the Rocky Mountains searching for the best route. Half a dozen routes were investigated, among them Pine Pass, Rocky Mountain Canyon, Yellowhead and Kootenay Crossing. These myriad surveys took time, effort and money—money which would have been better spent on just one or two surveys. 
Agnieszka Pilchowa
