International reactions to the Ghouta chemical attack



March married Professor Gao "Gail" Yuan Qing. He had four sons: Roger, Richard, Michael and Gordon.
The floral wrasse, Cheilinus chlorourus, is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean from the coast of Africa to the Tuamotus and Marquesas. Its range extends as far north as the Ryukyus and south to New Caledonia. It is an inhabitant of reefs in lagoons or coastal waters at depths of from . This species can reach in total length. It is of minor importance to local commercial fisheries and can also be found in the aquarium trade.
Hill Grove School is a historic school for African American children located at Hurt, Pittsylvania County, Virginia. It was built in 1915, and is a small, simple single-story, weatherboarded, light-frame building on a fieldstone foundation, with a low-pitched side-gable roof. It features a single-bay, tin-covered, shed roof porch

The “meeting hut”, a peculiar round building, is located just a few meters from the well, which perhaps is not coincidental. The ring shaped bench with 16 seats in the meeting hut may have been used by leaders or other people of rank (secular or religious). The importance and the exclusivity of the place is further confirmed by the discovery of a vase of unusual form and decoration. The vase was probably used to hold a special beverage, perhaps a decoction or an unusual distillate, whose consumption may have been restricted to a limited number of people, perhaps the 16 people attending meetings.
Some official bodies such as the South West Peninsula Strategic Health Authority (which existed prior to a 2006 reorganization), and the Meteorological Office, use the term. The South West Peninsula Football League, which covers only Devon and Cornwall, also uses the name. The name of Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry, a medical school established by the University of Exeter and Plymouth University which operated between 2000 and 2013, also referred to the South West Peninsula. The region's postgraduate NHS Deanery, South West Peninsula Postgraduate Medical Education (formerly South West Peninsula Deanery until April 2013), also uses the term.
Hisham Fageeh was born in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Fageeh began performing stand-up comedy as a student at the Columbia University, from which he graduated in May 2013. Around that time he began attending UCB Theater in New York, studying long form improvisation. Within a year Fageeh was taking the stage with comedians Dean Obeidallah, Maysoon Zayid, Aasif Mandvi, Aron Kader, and Hari Kondabolu. He began performing in Arabic after his satirical blog YouTube series "Isboo'iyat Hisham" (Hisham's weeklies) went viral in December 2011 joining the ranks with Fahad Albutairi and Bader Saleh in the Saudi stand-up circuits. He is known as the first Saudi to perform in Gotham Theater and headline an Arabic stand-up comedy tour in the United States and England.

<doc id="40504843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40504843" title="Gospel Music Heritage Month">
James Staats Forbes was born on 7 March 1823 at Aberdeen, Scotland. He was the eldest of the six sons of James Staats Forbes and his wife Ann, "née" Walker. He went to school in Woolwich, and in 1840 was taken on as a draughtsman in the office of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, at that time chief engineer of the Great Western Railway. In 1841 Forbes joined the Great Western as a clerk, and in a short time rose to goods manager.
The Treaty of Tingmosgang in 1684 settled the dispute between Tibet and Ladakh but severely restricted Ladakh's independence. The Treaty fixed the Tibetan-Ladakhi border at the Lhari stream near Demchok and regulated trade and tribute missions from Ladakh to Tibet.
Vargahan
To counter the expected threat to Sudan, Sirdar Reginald Wingate gathered a force together at Nahud. The commander was British Lieutenant Colonel Philip James Vandeleur Kelly, of the 3rd The King's Own Hussars, on secondment to the Egyptian Army. The force was composed of:
British records list the loss of 15 Handley Page Halifax and 12 Avro Lancaster four-engine bombers which made up the vast majority of casualties. Two Mosquitos were lost, one of which presumably fell in combat. Nine aircraft were listed as damaged.
Miguel Ángel Borja Hernández (born 26 January 1993) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a forward for Argentinian club Olimpo.
