The originally thatched, but now-shingled, roof has shallow eaves and gables that connect directly to the chimneys. The three fireplaces in the cottage are constructed of random stones with mortar joints raised and rounded. The fireplace in the center of the cottage features an inset stone plaque in memory of Burns. Of the three doors on the front of the cottage, only one is used. The cottage’s uncommonly small windows reflect one particular Scottish practice of taxation in which homeowners were taxed according to the dimensions of their home’s window openings. 

The Gold mining industry has brought several large scale foreign mining companies to the Kédougou area. This has been a source of tension with some local residents who point to a lack of jobs available to locals. In late 2008, protests over the practices of Gold mines in the region turned violent. On 23 December a protest march culminated in the burning of government buildings and the security forces firing on demonstrators. The next several days saw widespread destruction of property, looting, and according to a Senegalese Human Rights group, the mass arrest and torture of suspects. There were also reports that many residents fled the town, some as far as Guinea. Security forces reported one dead, 23 civilians and 10 gendarmes wounded.
Fish adaptation.
Let It Die is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Feist. It was recorded in Paris during 2002 and 2003 and released in 2004. The album combines jazz, bossa nova and indie rock.
Visitor facilities.
Italy national team.
The Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 () reduced several federal taxes in the United States.


TCAD
He also made a small guest appearance in the second season of "The Mentalist", in episode 16, entitled 'Code Red', he played a professor working at the Northern California Technology Institute.
In 1961, Tanganyika became independent, under the leadership of Julius Nyerere and in 1964 joined with Zanzibar to form the United Republic of Tanzania. Also in 1964, Northern Rhodesia was granted independence as Zambia, under the leadership of Kenneth Kaunda. Both Nyerere and Kaunda were charismatic socialist African leaders who supported the self-determination of their African neighbors.
History.
In media:
The episode first aired on February 22, 1988. It received Nielsen ratings of 9 million on the first broadcast, which was a decrease of over a million from the previous episode "", which received ratings of 10.2 during the previous week. The next new episode was broadcast three weeks later, when "" gained ratings of 10.1 million. "Home Soil" was the second lowest viewed episode of the first season, with "" viewed by 100,000 fewer viewers.
<doc id="1607701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1607701" title="Paul Hinman">
Solaris 2.0, the first release of the successor to SunOS 4, included OpenWindows 3.0.1. Starting with Solaris 2.3 in late 1993, Sun switched to a standard X11R5 release of X11. It was still called OpenWindows (now version 3.3), but the NeWS protocol was replaced by support for Display PostScript. Support for SunView applications was removed. The graphical look and feel of the window manager and tools was still based on OPEN LOOK. Solaris 7 featured OpenWindows 3.6.1, with an X11R6.4 server. 
Dam (barrage de Tignes).
The game comprised five episodes: A pilot episode was free to try but the four remaining episodes required players to join EA.com's Platinum Service, which cost $9.95 USD per month. After the September 11, 2001 attacks, EA paused the service because of the game's subject matter. EA discontinued "Majestic" on April 30, 2002 citing too few players. There were 5 episodes per Season. The game was cancelled before Season 2 could be released. Retail copies of the game included the game on CD-ROM, a copy of Internet Explorer and AIM, and some bonus music tracks in MP3 format. Also included was the first Season's subscription.
WBRS also has a 25+ year history of live music performances on the air. "The Joint", featuring mostly electric rock, has aired weekly during the school year during that entire time, save for a six-month outage when the studios were moved across campus in 2003. A recently developed show "The Joint Talk", features interviews and unplugged performances. In Winter 2007-08, the "WBRS Coffeehouse" was reinstated after a hiatus of several years. Airing Friday mornings, this show features acoustic bands live on the air.
<doc id="1608314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1608314" title="Minerva Reefs">
Welega Province
<doc id="1608584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1608584" title="Carlton House">
The handsome pillared Palm Court became the reference library, and the restaurant a staff bar and refreshment room. In 1980, the BBC unsuccessfully applied for planning permission to demolish the building and replace it with an office development designed by Norman Foster. In 1986, the BBC sold the property to the Ladbroke Group, who later purchased the non-US Hilton Hotels, for £26 million and eventually reopened the hotel as the Langham Hilton in 1991 after a £100 million refurbishment. New owners extended the hotel and carried out other refurbishments between 1998 and 2000. Further renovation took place between 2004 and 2009, at an estimated cost of £80 million, bringing the hotel back to the status of its grand past and maintaining the quintessential English feel and level of sophistication of its early days.

Leleti Khumalo received a Tony Award nomination, Best Featured Actress in a Musical, as well as a NAACP Image Award for her Broadway theatre portrayal of the title character. The production was also nominated for the Tony Award for: Best Musical, Best Original Score, Best Choreography, and Best Direction of a Musical.
The Songs of Bilitis have been illustrated extensively by numerous erotic artists.
<doc id="1609179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1609179" title="Lumpectomy">
Arctic char or Arctic charr, "Salvelinus alpinus", is a cold-water fish in the family Salmonidae, native to arctic, subarctic and alpine lakes and coastal waters. It breeds in fresh water, and populations can be either landlocked or anadromous, migrating to the sea. No other freshwater fish is found as far north; it is, for instance, the only fish species in Lake Hazen on Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic. It is one of the rarest fish species in Britain, found only in deep, cold, glacial lakes, and is at risk from acidification. In other parts of its range, such as Scandinavia, it is much more common, and is fished extensively. It is also common in the Alps, (particularly in Trentino and the mountainous part of Lombardy), where it can be found in lakes up to an altitude of above sea level, and in Iceland. In Siberia, it is known as "golets" and it has been introduced in lakes where it sometimes threatens less hardy endemic species, such as the small-mouth char and the long-finned char in Elgygytgyn Lake.
<doc id="1609494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1609494" title="IAR 79">

They are 10 to 12 day Camps in which a cadet can learn the basics like What is NCC?, What are its Aims?, Firing skills etc. & it is very important for new NCC Cadets.
The Ruzizi (also sometimes spelled Rusizi) is a river, long, that flows from Lake Kivu to Lake Tanganyika in Central Africa, descending from about to about above sea level over its length. The steepest gradients occur over the first , where hydroelectric dams have been built. Further downstream, the Ruzizi Plain, the floor of the Western Rift Valley, has only gentle hills, and the river flows into Lake Tanganyika through a delta, with one or two small channels splitting off from the main channel.
As the leader of Common Cause, Pingree strengthened the organization's programs in media reform and elections, while maintaining programs in ethics and money in politics. Among the specific issues she championed at Common Cause are Net Neutrality; Mandatory Voter-Verified Paper Ballots; Public Financing of Congressional Elections; National Popular Vote (a work-around of the 

