The National Roads Authority (NRA) was established on a statutory basis by the Roads Act 1993 from 1 January 1994: "the Authority's primary function, under the Roads Act 1993, is 'to secure the provision of a safe and efficient network of national roads'. For this purpose, it has overall responsibility for planning and supervision of construction and maintenance works on these roads." Apart from the construction and maintenance of motorways and national roads, the NRA is responsible for providing traffic signs on national roads. Many of the larger schemes (some of which are tolled) initiated by the NRA have been built through public-private partnership (PPP) arrangements which "has resulted in €2.1billion of private sector funding being secured for national road schemes."
Obsession uses primary mirrors supplied by Optical Mechanics, Inc. (OMI) and Galaxy Optics and secondary mirrors supplied by United Lens.

Fantastic Holdings Limited (FHL) engages in the retail, manufacture and import of household furniture in Australia. Fantastic Furniture is the third largest retailer by sales value and Australia's largest vertically integrated furniture group. Its products comprise sofas, chairs, dining products, entertainment products, bedroom products, occasional products, storage products, home office furniture, cushions, mattresses, pillows, and lamps. The company markets its products under the Fantastic Furniture, Plush, Dare Gallery, Le Cornu, and Original Mattress Factory brand names.
Today.
Florence Falls, at , is located a short distance downstream from Lake Dorathy. The falls are a long cascade totaling about . The falls are made up of several small drops, none over 20 feet high, and can be just a trickle when the river is really low or likely quite large when the river is high. 



Chulabhorn Dam
<doc id="21730127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21730127" title="Falczewo">
Okopa is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
Wyręba () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
Dęby, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship

<doc id="21730604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21730604" title="Pieny">
<br>
