Born on December 12, 1920 in Brooklyn and raised in Manhattan, New York City, Kida attended the city's American School of Design, where Bill Fraccio and Bob Fujitani were classmates. Like many young artists in the 1930s to 1940s Golden Age of Comic Books, he then broke into the field at the Jerry Iger Studio, formerly Eisner & Iger, one of the earliest "packagers" that produced outsourced comic book content for publishers entering the new medium. Starting as an inker and background artist in 1941, Kida moved on to a staff position at Iger client Quality Comics. There he both penciled and inked his first known credited work, the feature "Phantom Clipper" in "Military Comics" #9 (April 1942).
The Lewis Overthrust started during the formation of the Rocky Mountains 170 million years ago as a result of colliding tectonic plates. Stresses on the continental plates pushed a huge rock wedge eastward more than . The rock wedge, which was several miles thick and several hundred miles long, consisted of Proterozoic rock formations. The underlying layer consisted of softer, Cretaceous age rocks that were over 1,400 million years younger than the overthrust layer.
In the present enrollment model, there is one Prekindergarten(ages 3.5 to 5) of 18 students, and Kindergarten through Grade 5 classes have two sections of 20 students each. Middle School (grades 6-8) and Upper School (grades 9-12) academic sections are composed of no more than 21 students, with up to 60 students enrolled in each of those grades. Cape Fear Academy has enjoyed a stable enrollment; 93% of its students re-enrolled after the 2009-2010 school year.
The Hartford Financial Group, 
In July 2006, municipal policing bodies with jurisdictions on Randall Road teamed up together to tackle hazardous driving and improve safety on the road. The program aimed to increase awareness, promote safety, and go after aggressive drivers, speeders, and those who run red lights. In an eight-hour period, more than 400 citations were given up and down the road.
