Stone House, Ooty
In January, in Krishna District activists stopped trains at various railway stations and resorted to road blockades at some places. As many as 46 trains were “detained” for duration ranging between 2 minutes and 45 minutes at various stations in the Vijayawada division of the South Central Railway. However, no damage to railway properties was reported. MLAs from Congress & TDP participated in the agitation. A government teacher in Tirupati reportedly committed suicide for the cause of the united state leaving a note behind which mentioned that he was saddened by the bandhs strikes and other endeavors being undertaken to split the state.
In 1983, the company split up and Garst Seed Company was formed.
Career.
Ipswich Town were the only non-League club to apply for election to the Football League Third Division South. Having been unsuccessful the previous season, this time they won more votes than both Football League clubs, the first time a non-League club had topped an admission ballot since 1920.
Okoh ("Ana Oko") is an Igbo speaking town in south eastern Nigeria. It is one of the 16 major towns that make up the geo-political area called Orumba North Local Government Area of Anambra state. Okoh has five villages commonly referred to as EBENESE, and forty-five wards known as Umunna. The names of the villages are Ezioko, Eziabor, Okeani, Ihengwu and Ifite. It has the geographical coordinates of 6° 3' 0" North, 7° 06' 0" East. Okoh is regarded as a citadel of learning due to the early embrace of western educations and establishment of first Polytechnic in the old Anambra (present Anambra, Enugu and part of Ebonyi) State in the town. It is also widely recognized because of its erosion site which has baffled geologists for many years and records have it that it is supposedly deeper than the Grand Canyon. The importance of Okoh in the old Aguata Local Government Area (comprising Aguata, Orumba North and South) cannot be overemphasized when one notes that among the prominent sons of Aguata of colonial era inscribed on a marble wall within the Local Government secretariat, Okoh has the highest number. These include the late Chiefs John Ifeakor, Ebenezer Otaluka( Aharinta), and Jerry Nwosu. The inscription is still there to date. Chief Otaluka was reputed to be the first person to own and drive a private car in the whole of Aguata Division. He was also said to have built the "first one story house" in the Division. His one story house has glass windows. People from far and near came to see this mansion of those days. Today a road he pioneered is named after him in Okoh and is called Ezi-Ahari.
In 2002, the German Geophysical Society (DGG) began awarding the Zoeppritz Prize to outstanding young geophysicists.
On February 5, 2011, two Lions players, forward Courtney Unruh and defender Kelsey Webster (and assistant coach Stacey Colarossi) were part of the Team Canada roster that captured gold at the 2011 Winter Universiade title as Canada defeated Finland 4-1 in the gold-medal final. Autumn Mills was the Ontario University Athletics (OUA) nominee for the 2011 Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS) Marion Hillard Award.
Therese Albertine Luise von Jakob Robinson (26 January 1797 – 13 April 1870) was a German-American author, linguist and translator, and second wife of biblical scholar Edward Robinson.
According to later Arab tradition, he renounced his throne and became an ascetic, after a reign of 29 years. He is also reputed to have visited the Christian hermit Symeon the Stylite between 413 and 420. He was succeeded by his son al-Mundhir I (r. 418–452), who played an important role by assisting Bahram V in claiming his throne after Yazdegerd's death and by his actions in the Roman–Sassanid War of 421–422.
Service in Vietnam.
<doc id="30715363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30715363" title="Lily Garafulic">
Edwards's writings abound in the unconscious humour of the egotist deeply persuaded of his mission. He gives notice that 'the Almighty has destined that I should discover his true system of human economy.' In a petition to the House of Commons (1816?) he prays that the house should carry out the schemes which were the fruits of 'almost half a century's attention.' Among his proposals were the removal of taxes hurtful to industry, economy and reduction of public expenditure, the sale of certain national properties, particularly Gibraltar, the extension of the income tax to all orders, and forbearance for any requisite period to pay off the national debt as 'altogether superfluous with the accession of the new and happy era of mankind.' Government boards were to superintend all the interests of mankind, and everybody was to be actuated by truly Christian principles.
Egley died in London on 19 March 1870, aged 72. He was twice married, and by his first wife left a son, William Maw Egley, a painter of historical subjects and a regular exhibitor.
