During the summer, 1942, aerial victories were hard to come by. Operating in the northern sector of the front usually meant little action as all the Soviet air activity was now combating German Army Group South's summer offensive, Case Blue. Every now and again an enemy aircraft would be sighted and shot down, but Kittel was frustrated. The ground crews kept up his spirits. On 19 February 1943, "Feldwebel" Kittel achieved his 39th victory, which was also JG 54's 4,000th of the war. JG 54 "Geschwaderkommodore" (Wing Commander) Hannes Trautloft congratulated Kittel and said the following: "I have instructed that you're no longer to be assigned as wingman. Instead you're to be sent on 'freie Jagd' patrol on your own whenever there's an opportunity." In early 1943, JG 54 had been withdrawn from the frontline to convert to the Fw 190. With stronger undercarriage for the harsher conditions on the Eastern Front, greater firepower, speed and agility, the fighter was popular among pilots. Kittel, in particular, was pleased. The Fw 190 was an ideal interceptor against the tough and heavily armoured "Shturmovik", his favourite target. At this point, Kittel's victory tally climbed rapidly. By mid-March 1943, Kittel had reached 46 victories, encompassing all types of aircraft.
In fact, when the spaces are formula_18-finite, the product measure is uniquely defined, and for every measurable set "E",
Blest Gana passionately read the novels of Honoré de Balzac. Upon his return home, he virtually founded the Chilean novel by adapting European techniques to some ten novels portraying various aspects of national history and life. Of these, the most important is "Martín Rivas" (1862), which describes the career of a young man during the 1851 political revolt. Abundant local color and social criticism accompany the action of the novel. Although these elements of description are not brought to life and fused with the plot in the manner of Balzac, the novel achieved great success as the first realistic portrayal of Chilean life. After its publication, Blest Gana entered the diplomatic service and was Chilean ambassador to France and Britain for many years. Other novels of this first period are "The Arithmetic of Love" () (1860) and El ideal de un calavera (The Rake's Ideal, 1863).
He played with RSNO for four and a half years before returning to London and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, with whom he played for three years, leaving to fulfill ever-increasing demands for his services as a soloist and chamber-music player, also joining the Philip Jones Brass Ensemble, Nash Ensemble and the English Chamber Orchestra as Principal Horn.
