As the assumed heir to the Dutch throne, Heinrich XXXII traveled to the United States in 1906, journeying to San Francisco, Chicago, New York, Washington D.C., among others. He was described as a very "democratic young nobleman", and was a guest of honor with the German ambassador Speck von Sternburg at the embassy in Washington. No room reservation had been made for him when he arrived at a hotel in Washington, and the desk clerk not recognizing him, asked Heinrich to sign his name in the guest book; this he did, signing "Prince Henry of Reuss, Belair, Md". One account described him as "one of the most democratic and interesting of all the younger royal sons of Europe".
<doc id="28874680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28874680" title="KAL1 General Purpose Infantry Rifle">
Electric power as well as water and fuel supplies are available. Piloting is provided by Servprat – Serviços de Praticagem da Baía de São Marcos Ltda. Tugboating is available from TUG BRASIL, Consórcio de Rebocadores da Baía de São Marcos, Internacional Marítima, and Smith rebras.
<doc id="28876246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28876246" title="Vira Bahu I of Polonnaruwa">
Douglas and Ernest Irving helped Walton complete the ballet "The Quest" by his birthday, 29 March 1943, in time for its premiere performance only a week later.
Coal seams within the Pembrokeshire Coalfield are traditionally referred to as veins. The following sequence is recognised in the west of the district:

<doc id="28878221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28878221" title="James Drummond Anderson (1852–1920)">
nonetheless remains serious because of sulfur dioxide emissions from
Art programmes.
Born on 11 November 1952 in Bangalore, he was associated with the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh from a very young age. He finished his graduation in Science from Bangalore University. Due to his active opposition to the Emergency, he was imprisoned in the Bangalore Central jail, where many national and state level leaders were also being detained. After being released from jail, he did his graduation in law from Bangalore University during 1977-1980.He started his career as an advocate during 1981. He enrolled himself to the Bar Council and practiced law for some time before taking a plunge into active politics.
Browne worked as a journalist. He joined the Ulster Unionist Party and was elected to the Senate of Northern Ireland in 1942, serving until his death in 1951. From 1947 to 1949, he was a Deputy Speaker of the Senate.
<doc id="28880336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28880336" title="Lewiston and Auburn Railroad">
Joint Sessions of the United States Congress occur on special occasions that require a concurrent resolution from both House and Senate. These sessions include the counting of electoral votes following a Presidential election and the President's State of the Union address. Other meetings of both House and Senate are called Joint Meetings of Congress, held after unanimous consent agreements to recess and meet. Meetings of Congress for Presidential Inaugurations may also be Joint Sessions, if both House and Senate are in session at the time, otherwise they are formal joint gatherings.
In a normal level you receive 50 points, and in a harder level 100 points. In 'challenge' levels points are doubled. In every level the following bonus points can be achieved:
A Sikh man (Bilal Khan) stumbles upon Bano and her dead mother, and he helps nurse her back to health after her first rape. He then boards her on a train heading toward Lahore and leaves. It was common for trains to arrive in Lahore full of dead Muslims with only a few survivors, and this train was no exception: it is attacked by Sikh rioters. Basant Singh (Babrik Shah), a rioter, chases after Bano on the train. She turns around and shouts, "Do it! Do whatever you want to do! Your Guru (God) will never forgive you! I'll ask him myself if he taught you Sikhs to do this to girls." She then falls unconscious, and Basant Singh kidnaps her, bringing her to his home. She awakens in his home where he and his mother live. At first, she refuses to tell them her name, and so Basant Singh calls her Sundar Kaur, meaning "beautiful princess," in Punjabi. He gives her the impression that he will take her to Pakistan himself once the dangers are gone. He also tells her she can write to Hassan and he'll deliver the letters. Bano believes his lies and cannot wait to go to Pakistan.

Shortly afterwards, a delivery from Larwood knocked Woodfull's bat from his hands and the Australian captain seemed unsettled. Two quick wickets fell before Ponsford joined Woodfull in the middle, but having been struck by short balls several more times, Woodfull was bowled by Allen for 22, having batted for an hour and a half. When a doctor was publicly requested, to attend an injury to Voce, many in the crowd believed it was Woodfull who required assistance, leading to a renewal of protest. In later years, Woodfull's wife believed that his injury at Adelaide was partly responsible for his death aged 67 in 1965.
The Safeway Bowl is a college football rivalry game between the Southern Methodist University (SMU) Mustangs football team and the University of North Texas (UNT) Mean Green football team, two universities in Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. Its name is derived from a challenge from then UNT head coach Matt Simon issued in 1994 after a two-year break in the series, stating "I'd like to play because I think we could beat them, and my players feel the same way. If they'd like to play on a Safeway parking lot ... just give us a date and time."
Game characteristics.

WEUC (88.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting the EWTN network's Ave Maria Radio. Licensed to Morganfield, Kentucky, USA, the station serves Morganfield and surrounding areas. The station also comes in in Evansville, Indiana, though the signal there is weak.
The manuscript was noticed in catalogue from 1876.
Coaching career.

<doc id="28886282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28886282" title="Equichordal point">
<doc id="28886698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28886698" title="Camarones (Guaynabo)">
When the staion was WRWR-LD it produced several locally produced programs including "Inside Georgia Politics" (which is hosted by State Senator Cecil Staton), "Todd Wilson's Georgia Journal", "Under the Hood with Chris Ford" and "Observations" (hosted by local neurosurgeon Dr. Joe Sam Robinson, focusing on topics and people related to local healthcare issues). During high school football season, the station broadcasts a "Game of the Week" each Friday evening featuring notable games from Houston County's five area high schools as well as occasional games from The Westfield School and Stratford Academy.
In human genetics, Haplogroup R-M167 is a Y-chromosome haplogroup which is a subdivision of haplogroup R1b defined by the presence of the marker M167, also known as SRY2627.
His wife was a young Dutch woman who bore him two children – both reside in the Netherlands. During the Indonesian National Revolution, he was sympathetic to the returning Dutch and their attempts to implement a federal Republic of the United States of Indonesia, viewing the unitary Republic of Indonesia as an extension of Javanese domination. He was also a colonel in the Royal Dutch East Indies Army and designed the Indonesian national emblem—Garuda Pancasila.
The Devizes County House of Corrections was opened in 1817 after taking 7 years to build, and was the replacement for The Old Bridewell. It was located on the west side of Devizes, nearby what is still called Prison Bridge over the Kennet and Avon Canal.
Biography.
<doc id="28889103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28889103" title="Creagan na Beinne">
Work and exhibits.
Francis Askew school was established in 1925, initially as a temporary infant and junior school – it expanded during the mid 20th century to include a senior school (Frances Askew High) of over 600 students by the 1960s. A public library was established in 1956.


ITV announced at the end of series four that "Downton Abbey" will return for a fifth series in 2014. The British airdates for series five were set to start in late September leading to the seasonal 2014 Christmas special. On 20 August 2014 "Vanity Fair" magazine announced that the U.S. airdates for season five were set to start on Sunday, 4 January 2015, following the UK broadcast of the 2014 Christmas special. Series 5 was broadcast in the UK on 21 September 2014.

Üllés gas field
In the lead up to the film's release in October 2012, there was a traveling art exhibition detailing the work that has gone into creating the film. During the exhibition it was possible to see sets and characters that were used for the stop motion feature film.
Reduction of compensation payments for layoffs.
