A phase–gate model, also referred to as a phase–gate process, is a project management technique in which an initiative or project (e.g., new product development, process improvement, business change) is divided into "stages" or "phases", separated by "gates". At each gate, the continuation of the process is decided by (typically) a manager or a steering committee. The decision is based on the information available at the time, including the business case, risk analysis, and availability of necessary resources (e.g., money, people with correct competencies). The phase–gate model may also be known as "stage-limited commitment" or "creeping commitment".
The exact origins of the Key West Jewish Community are not dated, but Jews were first recorded in the city in the 1880s, when the community was organized by Joe Wolfson, Abraham Wolkowsky and Mendell Rippa. It is believed that most settlers were escaping European persecution at the time. Some early settlers were shipwrecked and decided to make a living in the city. In 1887, Congregation B’nai Zion was founded in Key West, Fl. Morris Zion served as its first president. B'nai Zion's building was built in 1969, and it adheres to Conservative Judaism, though it has a Liberal slant. In 1895, Jewish Key West residents supported the independence of Cuba from Spain.


Recently, the Sri Lankan Airlines has expressed an interest in expanding its operations in multiple cities in Pakistan and has also invited the Pakistan International Airlines to operate more flights to Sri Lanka. Sri Lankan Airlines chief marketing officer GT Jeyaseelan remarked that "Sri Lanka and Pakistan are two close, friendly neighbours," and that he looked forward to enhancing cooperation between the two airlines.
As a note on pronunciation – while the people of Flanders pronounce this name as "ee-pray" (and in fact have changed the spelling to Ieper), to many Canadians who served and died there, it was known more familiarly simply as "Wipers".

Gaferut Atoll is an outlying atoll in the State of Yap in the Federated States of Micronesia. The northernmost of the eastern group of islands of Yap, it is located 100 kilometers northeast of Faraulep and 790 kilometers east of Yap island.
