6. "Snout Swinger"
In 1923, officials at Perry Point decided to adopt the name “Federal Park” to indicate government ownership and operation. Representatives of the Stump family and other leading families in Cecil County petitioned the authorities in Washington, D.C., to restore the original name of the campus due to its historic significance. On June 30, 1924, the Government agreed to the change and “Federal Park” ceased to be and “Perry Point” came into its own again.
<doc id="21758836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21758836" title="Virendra Swarup">

King Abdul Aziz Historical Centre
From his active dedication to the investigation and diffusion of Personalist philosophy, Burgos has been a guest professor at Universities in Rome, Mexico, Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, Guatemala and Colombia. He is founder and actual President of the Spanish Association of Personalism (Asociación Española de Pesonalismo AEP), an institution dedicated to develop and promote personalism through publications [http://www.personalismo.org/_private/recursos/recursoscm.htm, seminaries and international congresses on personalist thinkers such as Karol Wojtyla(2006 [http://www.personalismo.org/_private/actividades/congreso.htm) and Julian Marias (2008 The editor of two philosophy collections [http://www.edicionespalabra.es/default.asp (Palabra Editorials, Madrid Spain) has also published numerous books and articles on specialized magazines on diverse topics on Personalism, Philosophical Anthropology, Bioethicsand sociology of the family[http://www.uic.es/progs/obj.uic?id=483539b903d54.
Meanwhile, in addition to Li Su, Li Guangyan and Wu Chongyin were also continuing to deal Wu Yuanji defeats, capturing the important city of Yancheng (郾城, in modern Luohe) in summer 817. Wu Yuanji put Dong Chongzhi in charge of his strongest army, which rode mules, and Dong was stationed at Huiqu (洄曲, near Yancheng) to defend against further attacks by imperial forces from Yancheng. Pei Du volunteered to serve as the overall commander of the operations, and Emperor Xianzong agreed. Pei soon arrived on the front and personally monitored the troop advancements. With Zhangyi in great difficulty, Wu Yuanji offered to surrender to Emperor Xianzong, and Emperor Xianzong was initially inclined to accept and promised not to execute Wu, but with Dong opposing capitulation, Wu's surrender never came.
Studio Arena Theatre was shuttered after failing to reorganize under Chapter 11. On March 17, 2011 the Buffalo News reported that the nearby Shea's Performing Center was trying to get the needed financing so that it can return the 610-seat theater to use for theatrical and nontheatrical events. Shea's assumed ownership of the theater, which was renamed the 710 Main Theater after its address, at the beginning the 2012-13 season. Live theater has resumed in the theatre.
See Upper Rawdon, Nova Scotia for history of the Township of Rawdon.
The novel was adapted to film in 1976 directed by Walerian Borowczyk as "La Marge", internationally as "The Margin" and in the UK as "The Streetwalker".
Ceriani
Career.
Thunderbird Lodge may refer to:
Balkha was the son of Ghiyasuddin Iwaj Shah. After the death of Nasiruddin Mahmud, Balkha captured the throne of Bengal. Balkha styled himself as the independent ruler of Bengal. But Sultan Shamsuddin Iltutmish once again invaded Bengal in 1231. Balkha was later captured and killed. Thus the rule of Khilji dynasty in Bengal came to an end.
Club career.
He competed at the 1995 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final.
Soon after, Stengel served as a general of brigade in the Army of the North at the Battle of Valmy in September 1792. Still under the command of Charles Dumouriez, he fought at the Battle of Jemappes in November 1792. Later that year, he led Dumouriez's advance guard in successful actions at Mechelen (Malines) and Voroux-les-Liers in the Austrian Netherlands. In March 1793, he was defeated at Aldenhoven and driven out of Aachen by the Allies. For this he was arrested and tried before a Revolutionary Tribunal. He was acquitted but retired from military service. 
Site maps can be displayed in a number of different map styles which arrange sites into a tree structure. Some styles display thumbnails for each page, others use text-only presentation. Map styles include:
Ronald "Ron" Masters (born 20 April 1913, date of death unknown) was an Australian diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
<doc id="21766156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21766156" title="Glenmasan manuscript">
<doc id="21766516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21766516" title="Karin Jexner">
Statistics.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Platte County, Nebraska. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Platte County, Nebraska, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
Patruinus came from a wealthy family of Praetorian rank from Vicetia (modern Vicenza, northern Italy). Around 63, he married a noble Spanish Roman woman called Ulpia Marciana, the eldest sister of the future Emperor Trajan. On 4 July 68, Marciana bore him a daughter and their only child Salonina Matidia. 
