Discography.
Early history.
<doc id="29812347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29812347" title="The Old of Tomorrow">
In 1972-73, he was a Fulbright Fellow in composition at the Music Conservatory in Warsaw, Poland. From 1973-76, Noon taught music theory and composition and supervised the advanced ear-training program at the School of Music at Northwestern University. In 1976, he was composer-in-residence at the Wurlitzer Foundation in Taos, New Mexico. From 1996-98, Noon was Composer Artist-in-Residence at the Episcopal Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
The main function of the SEC23A protein is to hydrolyze or break down a Guanosine Triphosphate (GTP) molecule bound to the SAR1A protein at the start of the COPII pathway. The energy released from the breaking of the GTP bond provides energy necessary to undergo another reaction. This triggers uncoating of the vesicle (a membrane bound carrying compartment for molecules) containing a secretory protein destined for packaging in the golgi apparatus of the cell. Uncoating the vesicle exposes SNARE proteins which are needed for the vesicle to bind to the membrane site on the endoplasmic reticulum. A mutation in the SEC23A gene prevents the vesicle from uncoating so it will not bind to the receptor site on the endoplasmic reticulum to be released into the cytoplasm for transport to the golgi apparatus. Thus, the vesicles will accumulate in the endoplasmic reticulum, causing it to become enlarged or distended. Ultimately, this causes the craniofacial symptoms present in patients with CLSD. This is probably due to abnormal secretion of collagen and possibly other secretory proteins which have accumulated in the endoplasmic reticulum. Collagen is responsible to for skull ossification, among other things. If you compare the endoplasmic reticulum to a factory, the vesicle is the loading truck full of products, and it's taking the packages to a boat to take it to the processing plant (the golgi), but what's missing is the guy who puts down the loading ramp (SEC23A), so the packages stay at the dock waiting, while more trucks arrive and back up the traffic. This is why the endoplasmic reticulum gets distended or swollen.

<doc id="29816037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29816037" title="Punjab Prisons Staff Training Institute">

Caloptilia agrifoliella
