JPJ or J.P.J. may refer to:
Menace jeans is, apparently, no longer in production because their web site has not operated in years and their fashion lines are no longer seen in stores.
The College has production facilities which include two television studios, a sound stage, audio and video post production labs, the Norm Pattiz Audio Lab, and the New Media Center.
The following state parks are within of Sand Bridge State Park:
Tracks from the album were featured in the "Saw V" soundtrack and "" video game. The band supported the album with the Mythrus Tour later the same year it was released.
test();
Coach Jerry Claiborne returned to his alma mater from Maryland. He led the Wildcats to the 1983 Hall of Fame Bowl and the 1984 Hall of Fame Bowl, defeating a Wisconsin team ranked #20 in the polls to finish the season with a 9-3 record and a #19 ranking in the final AP and UPI polls. Claiborne also won SEC Coach of the Year honors in 1983. The E.J. Nutter Training Facility was built in 1987. Coach Claiborne and Kentucky experienced an era of constant change at the quarterback position following the 1987 season through his departure that included the likes of Craig Nelson and Eric Mellon (1986–87), two way starter (Quarterback/Safety) Ricky Lewis (1987–88), and Chuck Wharton (1988–89), prior to landing Mr. Kentucky Football Awardee Pookie Jones of Calloway County. Claiborne retired following the 1989 season and was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1999. He is the last coach to defeat Florida and was the last coach to defeat Tennessee until Joker Phillips in 2011. His final record at Kentucky is 41-46-3.
<doc id="7957875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7957875" title="NC State Wolfpack football">
Badla (stock trading)
In 1991 Pitt joined the new Big East Football Conference, thus ending its history as a football independent. Pitt had been a member of the Big East in most other sports, including basketball, since 1982.
Glenn Hunter-Running Back-1985 Pittsburgh Steelers
"Makhabeleni" is a tribute to all parents, and was born out of Johnny Clegg's impressions from his first visit to Zululand in 1970, to the eponymous village, with his friend Sipho Mchunu. Johnny was struck how Sipho referred to all men and women of his father's and mother's respective generations as 'Father' and 'Mother'. In a particular incident, one man called Sipho over and asked, 'How much money did you give your mother?'. Sipho gave his answer, to which the man replied, 'That's not enough! Give her more!' Johnny Clegg at first thought this was an unwarranted intrusion into his friend's affairs, but later came to understand that ALL parents and adults take an active and benevolent interest in the lives of the young people in the community.

Named after Mount Gravatt, a nearby landmark, the suburb was first gazetted in 1967.
He wrote for the NBC primetime sitcom "Outsourced" and also wrote for the Fox sitcom "I Hate My Teenage Daughter" prior to its cancellation in May 2012.
