Pokémon League.
1988
Adler died on January 2, 1960 in Zurich.
The film was made at George Gershwin's instigation, an enthusiasm that Wodehouse mischievously attributed to the fact that his novel was about a successful American songwriter named George Bevan. Gershwin died of a brain tumor while the film was in production. The picture was released four months after his death.
Breakers is an Australian television series, that was made and aired on Network Ten between 1998 and 1999. It was shown in Ireland on TV3 and City Channel. It was also screened on BBC One in the United Kingdom and TV4 in New Zealand.
Exceptional circumstances do offer exceptional cases: Jupiter's moon Io (which is smaller than any of the terrestrial planets) is volcanically dynamic because of the gravitational stresses induced by its orbit, and its neighbor Europa may have a liquid ocean or icy slush underneath a frozen shell also due to power generated from orbiting a gas giant.
Phil Grimes (8 May 1929 – 8 May 1989) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Mount Sion and was a member of the Waterford senior inter-county team from the 1940s until the 1960s.

Free (Free album)
With Chet Baker
He is the founder of Institute for Advanced Studies in Basic Sciences (IASBS), Currently known as the University of Advanced Studies in Basic Sciences. He remained director until Aug 2010 when he was dismissed by the cabinet Minister of Science, Research and Technology. 
<doc id="2593728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2593728" title="Battle of Gettysburg, Third Day cavalry battles">
In November 1992, Swansea RFC defeated world champions Australia 21-6, when Australia played their first match of their Welsh Tour.
<doc id="2593954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2593954" title="Thomas Egerton">
Finchfield library was one of nine Wolverhampton libraries that Wolverhampton City Council planned to close or merge, under plans to create 'community hubs' in the city. A consultation was launched after an outcry by the public over the plans, and several 'Save Our Library' campaigns were started. It was proposed that Finchfield library would be closed and moved to Bradmore Community Centre, or extended to include community services. On 28 November 2012, the council announced that Finchfield library along with a few others, would remain open where they are.
After the Council of Evil incident, King Randor established an Eternian Council consisting of himself; Chief Carnivus of the Qadians; Lord Dactys of the Speleans; the Chooblah the Kulatak King of the Kulataks; Queen Andreeno of the Andreenids; King Taurius of the Mintaurans; Hawk, representing the Avions, and some other unnamed council members. Although in the 2002 edition, he is not aware of his son being He-Man, it may be explained that Adam inherited the inherent skills to become He-Man through the inward bravery of Captain Randor.
Services.
