It is connected to the south bank of the river by a 125 meter long wooden bridge.
<doc id="32232421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32232421" title="Judgement of Tormented Souls">
Elsthorpe is a hamlet in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated north-west from the town of Bourne, and in the civil parish of Edenham, Grimsthorpe, Elsthorpe and Scottlethorpe. 


Eddie Kendricks (album)
So, in December 1995, President Derrickson and the Board of Trustees signed the land and the facilities over to the University of Kentucky. This transfer would officially take place in July 1996 once the Fall academic year began. Many local residents disagreed with this move, but many would understand that to keep the campus open, this was the best option at its time.
William resided in Velké Meziříčí until 1473, and called himself . In 1474 he acquired the Castle and Lordship of . From 1474 until his death, he called himself . After the cease-fire of Breslau of 1474, Corvinus appointed William High Treasurer of Moravia.
This article is about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) history in Italy.
Trilogy Dominicana (Viva)
The Toyne rotary clothes hoist was marketed at state agricultural shows and interstate agents were sought. Some of the advantages of the rotary clothes hoist listed in promotional material were the ‘quick drying powers, due to the revolving lines; saving in labour, due to clothes being hung from one position; less strain on the cloth; economy of ground space; and durability, as with proper treatment the “Aeroplane” should last forever.
Ownership changes, 1945.
Chris Lash

Exhibited worldwide, it received the Tribeca Film Festival Jury Award, the Best Documentary Award from the Torino International Film Festival, the Jury Award for the International Leipzig Festival for Documentary and Animated Film and the Jury Award for Extraordinary Documentary Film Talent. Noted for its boundary-breaking aesthetic, it was exhibited at the Venice Biennial, Haus der Kulturen der Welt in Berlin, Brisbane Powerhouse, ISSUE Project Room,
Via Regia in Poland
Beralanits was the son of peasants György Bertalanics and Katarina (unknown surname) in the now uninhabited village of "Gerečavci" between Večeslavci and Sveti Jurij near Rogašovci. In 1806 he became an auxiliary teacher in Beltinci and in 1808 a teacher in Felsőszölnök. There he met an auxiliary teacher named Ferenc Marics and his father, György, the teacher and cantor of Apátistvánfalva, who was also born in Gerečavci.
Magic Touch 1992.
<doc id="32239464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32239464" title="Speedwell bicycles">
In 1862, near the town of present-day Pigeon, Michigan, German Christians led by Emil Baur founded the short-lived Christian community of Ora Labora. Designed along the lines of socialist, communal living, the town had failed by the early 1870s.
In the UK, the previous single "Don't Ever Leave Me" only peaked at #76. "Say It Again" peaked at #7 for a total of twelve weeks. Stewart wouldn't reach this success again in the UK, although the following single "Get Lucky" would peak at #13 in 1988.
Hellinsia triton is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is found in Arizona (including the type location, the Huachuca Mountains).
Marriage.
Camey Joseph Doucet is a Cajun musician and disc jockey. Doucet has been twice honored by the Cajun French Music Association being inducted into the hall of fame in its inaugural year in 1997 and awarded for "Continuing Contribution to Cajun Music" in 2004.
The following is a description of the design of Boostan, as cited in "The Dream of Paradise":

"Occupy Obama's G+".
The Grace Hopper Celebration features one of the largest technical poster sessions of any conference, with over 175 posters. Presenters can choose to have their posters considered for the ACM Student Research Competition (SRC) at the Grace Hopper Celebration, the largest SRC of any technical conference.
A website was created to supplement the book, which includes:
DataSplice
"SS-Unterscharführer" Johann Ruiters (Women's camp labor administration)
<doc id="32245086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32245086" title="1986 CFL Draft">
Subdistricts:
Subdistricts:
In neighboring El Salvador, maximum rainfall amounts totaled 8.34 in (212 mm). Two people drowned in San Miguel, while 25 others were displaced in La Unión due to the associated floods. On June 26, the departments of La Unión, Ahuachapán, and Sonsonate were put under green alerts for a day after rains persisted over the region. Scattered moderate showers also affected several parts of Nicaragua, triggering mudslides and overflowing a river in Cuapa. Along the riverside, 30 homes suffered inundations and 94 people evacuated the area.
<doc id="32247253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32247253" title="Tiny Harts School">
There are six types of Pranam:
