However, this reference confuses irretrievably the town of Colwyn Bay on the North Wales Coast, and the River Colwyn which is close to Pitt's Head. There is no connection between the two apart from the name, but the Encyclopedia places Pitt's Head close to Colwyn Bay. It is nevertheless a source for the name of Pitt's Head.
<doc id="9846147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846147" title="A City in Winter">
Comedian Ilja Richter sang his own version, "Tip Tap in die Tulpen".
1992-93 Bob Ferguson, Des Moines
). He is named as an undicted co-conspirator in the current indictment of 21 members of al-Qaeda and affiliated groups, for various roles in the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Africa. Earlier in 1998, Taha was one of five people who signed, or are alleged to have signed, a threatening so-called "fatwa" against the United States and Israel and their civilians; the other signatories included Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri; see Fatāwā of Osama bin Laden. In 2000, Taha appeared in a video with bin Laden and al-Zawahiri which threatened a violence over the imprisonment of Omar Abdel-Rahman.

<doc id="9848778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9848778" title="Gold FM (Sri Lanka)">
Fecto Group of Industries
Coaching career.
Non-fiction (000-999), Reference Collection, Government Documents, Computers, Meeting Room 3.
2006

Liner notes.
In particular, the book details the author's experience as a lieutenant of Baker Company, 1st Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment. It includes the actions for which Archie Van Winkle and Ray Davis received the Medal of Honor.
Murung is the Festival of Prosperity, celebrated by the Apatanis of Lower Subansiri district in Arunachal Pradesh, India. Though an individual festival, whole villages and indeed the whole of the Apatani people get involved in the festival. It is celebrated in the Month of January or "Murung piilo". Besides it the Apatanis also celebrate Myoko in the month of march and the Dree Festival from 4 to 7 July every year.

Boris Schapiro (22 August 1909 – 1 December 2002) was a British international bridge player. He was a Grandmaster of the World Bridge Federation, and the only player to have won both the Bermuda Bowl (the world championship for national teams) and the World Senior Pairs championship. He won the European teams championship on four occasions as part of the British team.

Heav'n was his home; <br>
When the Continental Army was reorganized as the "Continental Line" at the beginning of 1777, Colonel Huntington was placed in command of the 1st Regiment. In early April the Connecticut regiments were ordered to Peekskill to join the NY and New England troops for the season. As they were getting organized, the enemy launched the Battle of Ridgefield (also known as the Battle of Danbury) in which Huntington's regiment fought and after that they moved to Peekskill. On May 12, Jedediah was promoted to Brigadier general and placed in command of a brigade consisting of three Connecticut regiments. The Connecticut "line" stayed in Peekskill except for a few excursions. Huntington was ordered to move in support of Washington in the Battle of Brandywine, but the battle was over before they arrived. The Connecticut units were not used in the Saratoga campaign, so Washington moved them from Peekskill to join him at Valley Forge and they spent the bitter winter there.
