Drôle de Félix
Bobbili Telagas were originally Mutrsi born : These people take their name from a village "Bobbili" in the Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh where their forefathers rendered both personal and military service to the velamas who were once the sole occupants of the village. It is said that they were originally Mutrsi - born, but being soldiers and commamders of armies, they were elevated, in social rank, above the common folk and are at present known to enjoy as high asocial position as the Hajari and Racha Telagas. They veil their females and admit among them members of caste higher than themselves in social standing. Unlike other Telagas they practice both infant and adult marriages. Some of the members follow the occupation Patwegars, or silk weavers. They make good soldiers and are enlisted in the native armies.
Sunil Joshi, the Indian cricket bowler, also hails from Dharwar and is also incidentally related to Pandit Bhimsen Joshi.
The fort of Raichur was built by Kakatiya king Rudra in 1284 CE which passed on to the Vijayanagar kingdom after the decline of Kakatiyas. Ever since, the fort has been under dispute for nearly two centuries. The fort was captured by Bahmanis in 1323 CE. Saluva Narasimha Raya expressed a wish in his testament that the city of Raichur be recaptured. This has been in the mind of Krishnadevaraya since his coronation in 1509. In the year 1520 Krishnadevaraya sent Seyed Maraikar, a Muslim in his service to Goa with a large sum of money to buy horses. Maraikar instead went to Adil Khan with the money and offered his services. Krishnadevaraya made a demand that Maraikar be returned along with the money which was duly refused. During the period of peace Krishnadevaraya made extensive preparations for a grand attack on Raichur doab. After the court decided that Raichur should be attacked the king invited all commanders (Nayakas) in his service to take part in the battle.
In 1973, broadcast of the program was moved to 19:00, where it remains today.
Oldham Academy North
Lake Malombe
7.RTO Nagar
<doc id="4764356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4764356" title="Rajaraja Chola III">
