The 2006 Hart Council election took place on 4 May 2006 to elect members of Hart District Council in Hampshire, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
Histone H2A-Bbd type 2/3 also known as H2A Barr body-deficient is a histone protein that in humans is encoded by the "H2AFB2" gene (H2A histone family, member B1).
TRT International April 23 Children's Festival is a festival which is celebrated on April 23 each year in Turkey. This festival is gathering the children from all over the world under the motto of "Love, Friendship and Peace". The festival is organized by Turkish Radio and Television Corporation.


Reports began to link Romeu with a move to Chelsea on 22 July 2011. The following day he agreed terms for his transfer, pending a medical or personal terms as he was away on international duty at the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup. On 4 August the English club announced the completion of the transfer, with the player signing a four-year contract in a deal worth €5 million – the deal also gave Barcelona first refusal via a buy back option should Chelsea deem him surplus to requirements, seeing Barcelona pay €10 million in 2012 or €15 million in 2013 to bring him back to the Camp Nou; he was given the number 6 shirt for the new campaign.
The preceding literature suggests that school orientations and professional development led by community leaders and residents that instruct teachers about community heritage might lead to a more successful educational experience and outcomes for children and the community. An important objective of heritage preservation is to help people in a community develop a collective identity. David Lowenthal suggests that “Remembering the past is crucial for our sense of identity…to know what we were confirms that we are” (p. 197). Good and Good argue the importance of memory, suggesting that “…ways of framing that which is hidden or left unspoken…suggest the importance of an increasing body of writing on memory, traumatic memory, and memory politics and of methods aimed at observing or retrieving remainders of violence or traumatic historical events” (2008:15). In engaging with the past it is important that we do not forget the youth in the community that are the future of the community. They are stakeholders as well as the adults, and they too need a voice. Makagon and Neuman suggest that the narrative realm can be enlarged through citizen storytellers who “…can be anyone who wants to create a documentary about historical or contemporary life…the concept is based in the idea of democratizing the means of representing interests, issues, experiences, and the concerns of people who do not have access to media but have stories they want to tell”(55). Coming to terms with the past is critical both for elders but also for youth and its impact on their evolving identity.


This marine species occurs in the Indian Ocean off Madagascar.
"Murder-Set-Pieces" was theatrically released by Blackwatch Releasing in a number of major U.S. cities, including Los Angeles, Las Vegas, New York and Chicago on December 24 – Christmas Eve – of 2004. The original theatrical release of "Murder-Set-Pieces" had a running time of 105 minutes. "Murder-Set-Pieces" was submitted to Motion Picture Association of America's Classification and Rating Administration, which threatened the film with a dreaded NC-17 rating without the requirement of major editing. While Palumbo stated in several interviews that "Murder-Set-Pieces" was intended as an NC-17 film because of the strong graphic content, he and the producers ultimately chose to release the film unrated to accommodate a major city theatrical release. Over a half dozen continuous, realistic murder scenes take place in the feature film. The special effects team enlisted for "Murder-Set-Pieces" employed the use of over 55 gallons of special effects blood over the course of the production for the film.
Ilanga norfolkensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.
Solariella tenuicollaris is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.
An F3 tornado struck the Aylmer, Quebec area just outside Ottawa just after 3:00 PM. Several homes were destroyed and hundreds others were damaged, some heavily. 15 people were injured and damage was estimated at $15 million. It was the first F3 in the Canadian province of Quebec since the Maskinonge/Pierreville area tornado of August 27, 1991.

Some authors place this taxon in the subgenus "Calliostoma (Kombologion)".
It was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
