The office oversees German exports in general and the export of weaponry and dual-use technology in particular. The BAFA keeps detailed lists of goods which have to be scrutinzed before a consent is possible. Hereby it considers embargos and international regulations such as the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) and the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG).
Mary E.L. Butler
LA 500 begins near the parish line between Grant and Winn parishes, favoring Grant for its route. LA 500 travels east through the Kisatchie National Forest, joining LA 472 for a short distance. After splitting from LA 472, LA 500 enters the small town of Georgetown, meeting US 165. It crosses US 165 and turns north at an intersection with LA 502, soon meeting LA 1230. 
Records.
<doc id="35910022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35910022" title="Roseli Gustavo">

Teachings.
Appearances and goals are listed for the season for which the player won the award. Only competitive fixtures are included in the statistics. These include:
He was not a shoemaker, but a fellow-painter and decorator working for John Richardson, painter, of 29 St. Nicholas' Churchyard, Newcastle.
The Other People

At the job site they are placed directly on the subsoil's surface or on a geotextile filter placed on the soil's surface and propped open in an accordianlike fashion with an external stretcher assembly. This section expands to a 5 m by 10 m area and consists of hundreds of individual cells, each approximately 250 mm in size. They are then filled with various soil types and compacted using a vibratory hand-operated plate compactor. Sometimes a final step for roadways involves spraying the surface with an emulsified asphalt (approximately 60% asphalt in a 40% water suspension) at the rate of approximately 5.01/m2. Of course, other types of infill materials are possible depending on site-specific conditions.
<doc id="35912285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35912285" title="Callidiini">

<doc id="35912674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35912674" title="Ayriclytus">
Things changed however in 1990 when Tommy Lyttle was removed as West Belfast brigadier and, under new leadership, Adair and C8 began to emerge as the leading unit in the brigade. Adair formed a so-called "Dream Team" of active gunmen with Hodgen a charter member of this group. Hodgen, who had a reputation for being taciturn in contrast to the vocal Adair, regularly accompanied Adair on most of his activities, acting as his unofficial bodyguard. The pair were together on 6 March 1993 when Adair's Vauxhall Cavalier was shot up by a Provisional IRA gunman as it sat on a Shankill back street. Hodgen was shot in the shoulder and Adair in the leg but both men survived the attack despite the car being riddled with bullets. According to Adair's sometime girlfriend Jackie "Legs" Robinson, Hodgen was also present at the killing of Noel Cardwell, a glass collector in C Company's favourite bar the "Diamond Jubilee", whom the group accused of being an informer. Cardwell, who suffered from learning difficulties, had been hospitalised after having his drink spiked with ecstasy by a C Company member and had named the members to police who visited him in hospital, not realising the Omertà-style code that C Company operated under. Cardwell was taken to a house used for interrogations and knifed on the evening of 12 December 1993, his body being discovered the next morning.
Ahlquist's parents both came from Sweden. His father was an auditor at the Railway Company Northern Pacific Railway. In 1940, Ahlquist graduated with a Ph.D. degree in pharmacology from the University of Washington in Seattle, the first person to be awarded such a degree from that institution. In Seattle, he met his wife Dorothy Duff Ahlquist. He then spent four years as a faculty member at South Dakota State University in Brookings. In 1944 he became Assistant Professor of Pharmacology at the Medical College of Georgia in Augusta. In 1946 he was appointed Associate Professor in the same institution and from 1948 to 1963 he was the chair of pharmacology. In 1963 he was appointed Associate Dean for Basic Sciences and Research Coordinator for the medical college. Between 1970 and 1977 he was again Chair of Pharmacology and in 1977 he was appointed Charbonnier Professor of Pharmacology, a post he held until his death.

