In early 1819 she was converted to an Arctic exploration ship and made three journeys to the Arctic in search of the Northwest Passage, and made one attempt on the North Pole, all under Lieutenant William Edward Parry or Commander George Francis Lyon, and spent many winters iced in without serious damage.
Charter flights.
United Kingdom.
The outer rim of Gibbs is not quite circular, and an outward bulge to the north gives it an onion-like profile. The southeastern wall is slightly straightened and there is a low break in the rim at the southern and northern ends. In other respects, however, the rim is only slightly eroded. The interior floor is nearly level in the southwestern half, with irregular ridges to the northeast. There is a small craterlet to the northwest of the midpoint.
No more let sins and sorrows grow,
<doc id="1549374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1549374" title="Ken Osmond">
Center for Humanities (CH)
<doc id="1549632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1549632" title="Africa Squadron">
On March 7, 1943, the Houston classes incurred their first fatality. Margaret Oldenburg of 43-W-4 and her instructor, Norris G. Morgan, crashed seven miles south of Houston and were killed on impact.
When the floor-mounted gear selector lever is in position D, the DSG works in fully automatic mode, with emphasis placed on gear shifts programmed to deliver maximum fuel economy. That means that shifts will change up and down very early in the rev-range. As an example, on the Volkswagen Golf Mk5 GTI, sixth gear will be engaged around , when initially using the DSG transmission with the 'default' ECU adaptation - although with an "aggressive" or "sporty" driving style, the adaptive shift pattern will increase the vehicle speed at which sixth gear engages.
Culture.
<doc id="1550184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1550184" title="Cocktail umbrella">
On 1 May 1707, under the Acts of Union 1707, the Kingdom of England united with the Kingdom of Scotland as the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Huizhou is served by the Jingjiu Railway (also known as the Guangmeishan Railway in Guangdong) with two stations: Huizhou West and Huizhou.
Many of his games were published by Numa Preti in "La Strategie" and by William Steinitz in his "International Chess Magazine." "British Chess Magazine" dedicated its June-July 1892 issue to Dadiani. 
The parish church is dedicated to St Bartholomew and is Saxon in origin. Its tall spire, last rebuilt in 1957, is a landmark miles around. The architect H R Gough rebuilt the chancel arch in 1882. There are monuments and a brass to members of the Greene family.
Shortly before the French Revolution, Panckouke also began publishing the magazine "Mercure de France", and established the "Moniteur Universel" in November 1789. The "Mercure de France" was a venerable publication of great influence among the French arts and humanities, and it has been called the most important literary journal in prerevolutionary France. He died, aged 62, in Paris.
He is usually attended by his relatives, Gorgon and Triton. He has taken part in most of the Inhumans' adventures, such as the Kree-Skrull War, and the many moves of the Inhuman city of Attilan.
Operational Service.
Paul Peterson, also known as St. Paul Peterson, is a musician best known for his memberships in the bands The Family and The Time. Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Peterson was the youngest son in a musical family. He was discovered by Prince in 1983 and groomed to replace Monte Moir as keyboardist of R&B band The Time. Peterson gained exposure when the band appeared in the hit movie "Purple Rain".
<doc id="1551420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1551420" title="Carl Hunter">
Pyro Studios
The Identification Number has the following format: 784-YYYY-NNNNNNN-C, where 784 is the ISO 3166-1 numeric code for the UAE, YYYY is the year of birth, NNNNNNN is a random 7-digit number, and C is a check digit.
The Treaty was ratified through the visit of the first Japanese Embassy to the United States in 1860. The new relationship with the United States has been cited as a factor in the assassination of Ii Naosuke.
Track listing.
At the turn of the century, Vasnetsov elaborated his hallmark "fairy-tale" style of Russian Revivalist architecture. His first acclaimed design was a church in Abramtsevo (1882), executed jointly with Vasily Polenov. In 1894, he designed his own mansion in Moscow. The Russian pavilion of the World Fair in Paris followed in 1898. Finally, in 1904, Vasnetsov designed the best known of his "fairy-tale" buildings — the Tretyakov Gallery.
Golf Channel.

The Kingdom of the Outlands and its constituent baronies and shires host many events throughout the year. Events regularly held in the Outlands include the annual Kingdom Arts and Sciences Competition, the annual Queen's Prize tournament, semi-annual Crown Tournaments, semi-annual Coronation events, and annual events such as Battlemeoor and Grand Outlandish Tournament. 
Each of the 28 functional constituencies receives a set number of electoral votes allocated to them. The block vote is applied to choose the members, as was common in the United States before the modern practice of voting only for a set slate or ticket of electors was established. By-election will be held to update the membership of the Election Committee if there are vacancies in the Election Committee.
Shops.
Bédard was named the Orioles' 2007 Opening Day starting pitcher. On May 20, Bédard recorded his first major league hit, a single up the middle in the 5th against the Washington Nationals. In his next at-bat, he looped an RBI single over shortstop, going 2–2 with a sacrifice in the game.


WRVA (AM)
<doc id="1553088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1553088" title="Castle Square, Sheffield">
In 2009, Google celebrated the book's 40th anniversary by changing the logo on its main search page to the style used in the book.
Her first role was in the 1985 film "Eleni". She later appeared in Mrs. Doubtfire, played Sandra in "Matinee", appeared in "A Pig's Tale" and "Independence Day", "The Beautician and the Beast" and played the "inspiration" for Princess Leia in the short film "George Lucas in Love". She starred in "Picture Perfect" (1995) and portrayed a bordello worker in the American Old West in "Painted Angels" (1997). 
Defining features of the Rhapsody operating system included the Mach microkernel, a BSD operating system layer (based on 4.4BSD), the object-oriented Yellow Box API framework, the Blue Box compatibility environment for running "Classic" Mac OS applications, and a Java Virtual Machine.
Gustav Eriksson Trolle (1488–1535) was Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden, in two sessions, during the turbulent Reformation events.
