1971.
Born in the town of Monza itself, Brambilla began racing motorcycles in 1957 and won the Italian national 175 cc title in 1958. Before becoming a mechanic he also raced go-karts. His older brother, Ernesto ("Tino"), was also a racing driver.

Formula One.
When the mine reaches a height of approximately 50 cm above ground, an integral tether wire (connecting it to the plastic body from which it was launched) tugs on a spring-loaded firing pin in the body of the mine, which detonates the main explosive charge. Embedded in a plastic fragmentation sleeve surrounding the main explosive charge are approximately 1,000 pre-cut steel fragments, which are projected at high velocity in all directions. The mine has a lethal radius of 25 m, but the fragments remain dangerous at a considerable distance beyond that e.g. can inflict deeply penetrating eye wounds.
The Chichimeca were involved in the Mixton Rebellion (1540–1541) and the Chichimeca War (1550–1590). After a series of negotiations with the Spaniards, most of the Chichimecas were encouraged to take part in peaceful agricultural pursuits. Within decades, they were assimilated into the Spanish and Indian mestizo culture.
Tansley
Deposits which contain phosphate in quantity and concentration which are economic to mine as ore for their phosphate content are not particularly common. The two main sources for phosphate are guano, formed from bird droppings, and rocks containing concentrations of the calcium phosphate mineral, apatite.
<doc id="1227181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1227181" title="Bo Yibo">
Coppa Ciano
Not long after, on Friday, June 3, 2005, at 5:00 p.m. EDT, WCBS-FM, the oldies station in New York City, switched to Jack FM without any prior warning. The switch to a more generic format has been termed "The Day the Music Died" by some New Yorkers and has drawn criticism even from non-listeners of the station, particularly due to the sudden firing of DJs of historic renown such as Cousin Brucie. In a partial nod to this controversy, on June 14, 2005, it was announced that the station would be unique among those with the Jack format in that it would occasionally include 1950s and early 1960s songs in its rotation as well as songs by performers like Frank Sinatra that are normally not part of the Jack format, though a later Web update retracted this and songs from before the late 1960s were no longer played.

At the end of the 1994–95 season, after 130 appearances for the Toon, Venison was on the move. As his career reached its twilight years, Venison decided to try his luck abroad signing for Galatasaray in Turkey on 31 May 1995 for £750,000. He was one of many British footballers recruited by coach Graeme Souness, who had been his manager during his final year at Liverpool earlier in the decade.
<doc id="1227572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1227572" title="What's New, Scooby-Doo?">
His Majesty the KING has been graciously pleased to approve of the grant of the Victoria Cross to the undermentioned Officer, Non-commissioned Officer and Men for their conspicuous acts of bravery and devotion to duty whilst serving with the Expeditionary Force: —
Then Kostelnička steps into this rowdy scene, silences the musicians and, shocked by Števa's behavior, forbids him to marry Jenůfa until he can stay sober for one full year. The soldiers and the family leave Števa and Jenůfa alone, and she begs him to love her, but he, unaware of her pregnancy, gives her casual answers and leaves.
Parks in Inman Park include Springvale Park on the site of the Battle of Atlanta, a pet project of Joel Hurt and designed by the Olmstead Brothers. Part of Freedom Park lies in the neighborhood, which the BeltLine trail also borders. There are also smaller parks: Delta Park, Inman Park, the park in Inman Park Village, and the Bass Recreation Center.
Rituximab tends to stick to one side of cancerous B cells, forming a cap and drawing proteins over to that side. The presence of the cap changed the effectiveness of natural killer (NK) cells in destroying these diseased cells. When an NK cell latched onto the cap, it had an 80% success rate at killing the cell. In contrast, when the B cell lacked this asymmetric protein cluster, it was killed only 40% of the time.
"Local Group Policy (LGP, or LocalGPO)" is a more basic version of Group Policy for standalone and non-domain computers, that has existed at least since Windows XP Home, and can be applied to domain computers. Prior to Windows Vista, LGP could enforce a Group Policy Object for a single local computer, but could not make policies for individual users or groups. From Windows Vista onward, LGP allow Local Group Policy management for individual users and groups as well, and also allows backup, importing and exporting of policies between standalone machines via "GPO Packs" – group policy containers which include the files needed to import the policy to the destination machine.
The hybrid electrothermal light-gas gun works on similar principles of the standard light-gas gun, but adds an electric arc to heat the light gas to a higher temperature and pressure than the piston alone. The arc is applied in the chamber containing the light gas, raising the temperature and pressure to the point where the gas both breaks the bursting disk and ignites the propellant behind the piston, which is perforated to allow ignition. The resulting combination of electrical heating and piston compression provide higher pressures and temperatures, resulting in more power and a higher potential speed than a standard light-gas gun.
He participated in 15 World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 1 January 1968. He achieved one podium in the 1968 Spanish Grand Prix in third place behind Graham Hill and Denny Hulme in a Cooper BRM. He then had an accident at the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps, crashing his Cooper-BRM at Malmedy corner; he survived with a broken arm. He scored a total of 8 championship points with two 5th places in 1972, at the Monaco Grand Prix and the German Grand Prix driving a Yardley McLaren.
The frames, on display at the Severn Valley Railway, are now nearing completion riveting is in an advanced state. Further parts and patterns continue to be amassed with wheels and axle-boxes cast and cylinders on order. With construction work on the new engine advancing every week the Trust classifies 82045 as the 1001st steam locomotive to a BR Standard design since the commencement of its construction follows that of 72010 "Hengist".
Distinctive Position.
Historians theorize that the stronger Mohawk from the South waged war against the St. Lawrence Iroquoians to get control of the fur trade and hunting along the river valley. By 1600, the Mohawk used the valley for hunting grounds and as a path for war parties.
In 1954, Worsley resumed as the Rangers starting goaltender, beating out future NHL star Johnny Bower. Wearing the traditional number 1 for goaltenders, he toiled for the Rangers for the next nine seasons, generally playing well for poor performing teams.
K-9 (Doctor Who)
History.
Raggedy Ann
