Trichofolliculoma is a cutaneous condition characterized by a benign, highly structured tumor of the pilosebaceous unit.
Aquatic vegetation is quite sparse in most areas of Mashapaug Lake, except in certain areas of shallow water; although recently, infrequent lowering of the lake during the wintertime has increased shoreline aquatic vegetation. Some plants that can be found in the shallows are yellow pond-lily (Nuphar variegata), pickerel weed (Pontederia cordata), and pondweeds (Potamogeton spp.).
Levally Lower () is a townland approximately from Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, along the main Enniskillen to Belleek road. It is primarily located between the Levally Road and the Drumcose Road.
Among students studying at Nagpur University in her days, Sane was the first female to receive a bachelor's degree in the faculty of Science. Before her, females at that university, just like at most other universities in India in those times, studied liberal arts. After graduation, she taught mathematics.
Move Move Move (The Red Tribe)
Against her major rivals at the Australian Championships/Australian Open, Court was 5–0 versus Jan Lehane O'Neill, 4–0 versus Evonne Goolagong Cawley, 3–0 versus Kerry Melville Reid, 2–0 versus Maria Bueno, 2–0 versus Rosemary Casals, 2–0 versus Lesley Turner Bowrey, 2–1 versus Billie Jean King, 1–0 versus Judy Tegart Dalton, 1–0 versus Françoise Dürr, 1–0 versus Nancy Richey, and 0–1 versus Martina Navratilova.
Croatia

<doc id="23260992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23260992" title="Cymbidium eburneum">

Montfort School, Kolathur, is a higher-secondary school for boys and girls (Co-ed) run by the Montfort Brothers of St. Gabriel in the town of Kolathur, near Mettur, in Salem district, Tamil Nadu, India. It follows the Matriculation board of Education system.
A well known title for Rajputs was: "Rajpali" / "Rajpai". Some believe it be a race, under the names of Rajpalika or simply Pala, and is mentioned by many genealogists, especially those of the Saurashtra, to which in all probability it was confined. A conclusion strengthened by the derivation of the name, meaning "Royal Shepherd"; it was probably a branch of the ancient Pali. Some think that this was not a race but honorific title for Rajputs.
Distribution and habitat.

MacDonald lived in French Village, Prince Edward Island. He married Margaret McDonald in 1880. He was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1879 by-election held following the death of Francis Kelly. MacDonald was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1882.
The house at Bonngasse.
<doc id="23264910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23264910" title="IEEE Richard Harold Kaufmann Award">
