The Guianan cock-of-the-rock ("Rupicola rupicola") is a species of South American passerine. It is about in length and weighs about . They are found in tropical rainforests, near its preferred habitat of rocky outcrops. The males plumage is bright orange and the males have a prominent half-moon crest. The females are brownish in colour, and are generally much duller coloured than the males. It is one of two species of the genus "Rupicola", the other being the Andean cock-of-the-rock. The Guianan cock-of-the-rock lives across the forested region of northeastern South America. Its diet consists mostly of fruit, but sometimes includes small snakes and lizards.
UEFA Cup/Europa League:
Clark has more than 20 years experience in the Marshals Service, having served previously as the United States Marshal, Acting Marshal, and Chief Deputy U.S. Marshal for the Eastern District of Virginia.
<doc id="4991627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4991627" title="Composite good">
Operations.
Zajedničar

Song has had a left ankle injury, which prevented him from making a comeback in 2005. Although Song was not able to recover as fast as he hoped, and only was able to play in late March 2006, prospect of his recovery was enough to guarantee his place in the South Korean squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
In Assamese, "barasingha" is called "dolhorina"; "dol" meaning swamp. In central India, it is called "goinjak" (stags) or "gaoni" (hinds).
The producers were criticized for making a deal with housemate Ryan Fitzgerald who was permitted to wear a t-shirt that was branded with "MLS" (acronym for Massive Loser Squad). The t-shirts were being sold while the show was running and Ryan's friends admitted that a proportion of the profits was going towards votes to keep him in the house, thus giving him what was perceived to be an unfair advantage. However the producer pointed-out that many housemates had companies or local communities rally support for them, which was little different, and that there was nothing stopping any other housemate's supporters doing a similar thing to Ryan's friends.
The Transformers.
