The Balkan Wars (1912–1913) and World War I (1914–1918) left the region of Macedonia divided among Greece, Serbia, Bulgaria, and Albania and resulted in significant changes in its ethnic composition.
"Jersey" struck an Italian aircraft-dropped mine off Malta's Grand Harbour on 2 May 1941 and sank next to the Grand Harbour breakwater.
The fleets sighted each other at about 16:00 on 27 February and closed to firing range, opening fire at 16:16. Both sides exhibited poor gunnery and torpedo skills during this phase of the battle. Despite her recent refit (with the addition of modern "Type-284" gunnery control radar), "Exeter's" gun-fire did not come close to the Japanese ships, while "Houston" only managed to achieve a straddle on one of the opposing cruisers. The only notable result of the initial gunnery exchange was "Exeter" being critically damaged by a hit in the boiler room from an shell. The ship then limped away to Surabaya, escorted by "Witte de With".
In Viña del Mar tournament (formerly Santiago tournament) Ríos reached the final, losing to Spaniard David Sánchez, losing the fourth of four finals he participated in his home country. However, representing Chile together with Fernando González and Nicolás Massú, he won the World Team Cup in Düsseldorf. The same year he also won silver medals in singles and doubles alongside Adrián García in the 2003 Pan American Games. In May Ríos played his last ATP-level match, losing in the first round at Roland Garros to Mario Ančić after withdrawing at 1–6 0–1. In 2003 Ríos played very few tournaments, in most of which he had to withdraw. This resulted in ending the year only as No. 105 in the world.
"Artemisia packardiae" J.Grimes & Ertter–Packard's wormwood, Succor Creek sagebrush<br>
They were finally crushed by the Mongols in 1241. During the Mongol empire, Kipchaks constituted a majority of the Kipchak Khanate comprising present-day Russia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan, and called the Golden Horde - the westernmost division of the Mongol empire. After the fall of the Mongol Empire, the Golden Horde rulers continued to hold Saraj until 1502.
Television viewing among the elderly represents a significant percentage of how their waking hours are spent, and the percentage increases directly with age. Seniors typically watch TV to avoid loneliness; yet TV limits social interaction, thus creating a vicious circle.

Class history.

A new building has been built opposite Victoria Station. This contains most academic teaching rooms and all music teaching rooms. It also contains the IT administration office.
Freelancers often must handle contracts, legal issues, accounting, marketing, and other business functions by themselves. If they do choose to pay for professional services, they can sometimes turn into significant out-of-pocket expenses. Working hours can extend beyond the standard working day and working week.
Many Hector's dolphins may be found within Akaroa harbour, and 'swim with the dolphins' boat tours are a major tourist attraction.
In 1933, Quaker Oats hired Anna Robinson to play Aunt Jemima as part of their promotion at the Chicago World Fair in 1933. She was sent to New York City by Lord and Thomas to have her picture taken. "Never to be forgotten was the day they loaded 350 pounds of Anna Robinson on the Twentieth Century Limited." Other photos showing Robinson making pancakes for celebrities and used in advertising "ranked among the highest read of their time".
Differentiation is the second of Porter’s two types of competitive advantage. In the differentiation strategy, one or more characteristics that are widely value by buyers are selected. The purpose is to achieve and sustain performance that is superior to any competitor in satisfying those buyer needs._A differentiator selectively adds costs in areas that are important to the buyer. Thus, successful differentiation leads to premium prices, and these lead to above-average profitably if there is approximate cost parity. To achieve this, efficient forms of differentiation must be picked, and costs must be reduced in areas that are irrelevant to the buyer needs._Buyers are like sellers in that they have their own value chains. The product being sold will represent one purchased input, but the seller may affect the buyer’s activities in other ways. Differentiation can lower the buyer’s cost and improve the buyer’s performance, and thus create value, or competitive advantage, for the buyer. The buyer may not be able to assess all the value that a firm provides, but it looks for signals of value, or perceived value.
Etymology.
Bear: (Voiced by Brian Moffatt) A brown bear who wears a green bow tie with white polka dots. He has a big fondness for honey, speaks with a posh accent, and can sometimes be a bit of a show-off. He often says "Coincidence, I think not."
Montecito is the code-name of a major release of Intel's Itanium 2 Processor Family (IPF), which implements the "Intel Itanium architecture" on a dual-core processor. It was officially launched by Intel on July 18, 2006 as the "Dual-Core Intel Itanium 2 processor". According to Intel, Montecito doubles performance versus the previous, single-core Itanium 2 processor, and reduces power consumption by about 20%.[http://www.intel.com/products/processor/itanium2/index.htm] It also adds multi-threading capabilities (two threads per core), a greatly expanded cache subsystem (12 MB per core), and silicon support for virtualization.
Process theory
Transport.
Usage.
See:
