Liz Kaplow is an American communications executive and entrepreneur known for her use of storytelling to connect brands with consumers and influencers and her advocacy for the advancement of women in the field.
The choice of a temple environment was appropriate not only thematically, since both the wall paintings and the statues were originally used as temple art, but also in terms of the provenance of these artefacts, which originated in geographic proximity to each other in northern China. It might be objected that the contents of this Gallery are not exactly contemporaneous, dating from 1195 to the late 14th century, but yet it would not have been uncommon for a temple to contain devotional objects that its community had accumulated throughout many generations. Although the wall paintings displayed in this ‘temple’ setting are both Buddhist and Daoist, it was decided that this too would not be inappropriate, because there had long since been a blending of these two religious belief systems. Indeed from the 10th century onwards the syncretism of Buddhist, Daoist and Confucian beliefs – ‘The Three Teachings’ - was reflected even in the similarity of artistic style, which is certainly evidenced in the examples presented in the Bishop White Gallery. The renovated Gallery was reputed to be as close as one could come outside China to a major North Chinese monastery hall.
The survival status of the film is classified as unknown, suggesting that it is a lost film.

In the early 1980s, Swoboda (under the name Robin Cole) worked as an anchor and reporter for then-CBS affiliate WTVJ channel 4 (now NBC O&O and channel 6) in Miami, Florida. She then moved to Cleveland in 1986, and using her real name, became a co-anchor for then CBS affiliate WJW-TV 8 alongside longtime station mainstays Tim Taylor, Dick Goddard, and Casey Coleman.
<doc id="41664633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41664633" title="Mimi Gianopulos">
Relocation to New York at the start of the Yugoslav Wars.
Competitions.

The following new Olympic records were set during this competition.
Music in Detroit.
The show commenced on 28 January 2013 replacing the Hot 30 Countdown from 7pm-10pm with Angus O'Loughlin as host.
