History of the United States National Security Council 1981–89
Later Medieval to Early Modern Era (1200 to 1900).
This species is often kept as a pet, often known as the domestic canary. Selective breeding has produced many varieties, differing in colour and shape. Yellow birds are particularly common, while red birds have been produced by interbreeding with the red siskins. Canaries were formerly used by miners to warn of dangerous gases ("canary in a coal mine"). The bird is also widely used in scientific research. Canaries are often depicted in the media with Tweety Bird being a well-known example.
Basketball tournament.
Men's sponsored sports by school.
A dryad (; , "sing".: ) is a tree nymph, or female tree spirit, in Greek mythology. In Greek "drys" signifies "oak." Thus, dryads are specifically the nymphs of oak trees, though the term has come to be used for all tree nymphs in general. "Such deities are very much overshadowed by the divine figures defined through poetry and cult," Walter Burkert remarked of Greek nature deities. They were normally considered to be very shy creatures, except around the goddess Artemis, who was known to be a friend to most nymphs.
In the United States, it has been estimated that by 2011, 36% of twin births and 77% of triplet and higher-order births resulted from conception by assisted reproductive technology.
Since the 18th century in Irkutsk, trades and crafts began to develop, the gold and silver craftsmen and smiths appeared. In relation with the expansion of Russian state to the East from Irkutsk, the city became a capital of enormous territories from the Yenisey River to the Pacific Ocean, and it played an important role in the exploration and securing of vast Eastern-Siberian and Far-Eastern territories to Russia. Gradually, Irkutsk gained more meaning as the main transportation and trade center of Eastern Siberia, it became a center of trade routes from Kamchatka, Chukotka, Yakutia to Mongolia, and China. The administrative meaning of the city increased: it became a center of one fifth of the provinces of Siberia; in 1764 it became a center of an independent province.
