The defender played during his career with Bella Vista, C.A. Basañez, Rampla Juniors, Montevideo Wanderers, Juventud de Las Piedras, Atenas de San Carlos, C.A. Cerro and CS Cerrito in Uruguay; as well for GC Biaschesi in Switzerland.


Khalilan-e Sofla
This section removed the requirement for unanimous verdicts and permitted majority verdicts for juries in England and Wales.
The end result was that the entire print run of what became known as the "orange version"—because of its orange cover design—was destroyed, except for a few copies that were saved from the trash pile by TSR employees.
<doc id="34553647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34553647" title="Samuel Haywood Mirams">
mali dahanaa
Publications in German:
<doc id="34554856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34554856" title="Lakeside Mountains">

Galerie Slaphanger.
In the hospital, Dr. Whale tells David and Emma that there is a good chance he was asleep during the whole ordeal and it might have been the same thing as when he came out of his coma. Regina (Lana Parrilla) then barges in, being David’s emergency contact, and immediately tells Emma to leave. In the hall, Emma calls Ruby, telling her to go to the Toll Bridge and see if she finds anything. There, Ruby uses her unknown senses and instincts to find a box buried under a washed-up piece of wood. She screams in horror when she sees what is inside of the box. Back in the office, Emma opens the box. She tells Ruby she did a good job, but Ruby doesn't feel cut out for the excitement of police work. Ruby goes to the diner where she talks to Granny who reveals that the markings on her arm are here in Storybrooke and that her arm bothers her once a month. Granny tells Ruby she had asked her to learn every part of running the diner so that when she retires, she can leave the diner to her. Granny wants to leave it to someone who loves it as well. After hugging her, Ruby gets her job back and turns down Emma's job offer. 
Verse 3 line 7 & 8 changed from "Aa thowt she was gan te gan wrang in her mind, so aa sat mesef close by the door" to "Aa thowt wor Nan was gan' Wrang iv hor mind so aa set mesel near the door" 
Pastorates.
