In June 2014, Deezer and Google announces that the Chromecast will be supporting Deezer's iPhone & Android app. Deezer iPhone and Android users can stream their music from their phone over to their televisions through the Google Chromecast.
National response.
Beginning as an innovative lighting designer for ballet and opera, Castelli tried screenwriting, playwriting, choreographing and directing before becoming a producer of "Hair" in New York and then masterminding its many international productions. In later years, he became the artist in residence of a Mexican resort, where he created paintings for every room in the resort.
The three footprints were found in 1995 by geologist David Roberts from the Council for Geoscience and announced at a press conference with paleoanthropologist Lee R. Berger of the University of the Witwatersrand at Johannesburg at the National Geographic Society in Washington, D.C. The discovery was documented in the August, 1997, issue of the South African Journal of Science.
Israel maintains that the blockade is necessary to limit Palestinian rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip on its cities and to prevent Hamas from obtaining other weapons. Prior to its 2011 opening of the Rafah crossing, Egypt maintained that it could not fully open its side of the border since completely opening the border would represent Egyptian recognition of the Hamas control of Gaza, undermine the legitimacy of the Palestinian National Authority and consecrate the split between Gaza and the West Bank.
Frisking or a "patdown" is a search of a person's under garments wherein a police officer or other law enforcement agent runs his or her hands along the under garments to detect any bulges. In the case of "Terry v. Ohio", 392 U.S. 1 (1968), the Supreme Court of the United States held that police have the ability to do a limited search for weapons of areas within the suspect’s control based on a reasonable and articulable suspicion that the person stopped was "armed or dangerous" and had been, is, or was about to engage in a criminal act. The type of frisk authorized by this decision has become known as a "Terry stop". When stopping someone, the officer must have a reasonable suspicion that criminal activity has been, is being, or is about to be committed.

Joint capability areas
KJME (890 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Fountain, Colorado. The station is currently owned by Timothy C. Cutforth. The station began broadcasting in early 2012 with an adult standards/big band music format. As of the spring of 2013, the station now airs classic country music. On August 1st, 2014 the station began airing sports radio as an NBC Sports Radio affiliate.
50 rupiah (backed with a komodo dragon and text 'komodo' was issued in aluminium-bronze, dated 1991, and later 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1998. Mintages were 67, 120, 300, then 590 million, then 150,000 each year.
Current State.

Awards and honors.

"Doris" was built for the Royal Navy in the East India Company Dockyard in Bombay in 1807. She was launched as "Salsette", and was renamed locally as "Pitt" later that year. However because the Royal Navy already had an HMS "Pitt" in service, the Admiralty renamed her again as HMS "Doris". 
<doc id="19229258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19229258" title="List of gunboat and gunvessel classes of the Royal Navy">
