NonProfits' United is a member-governed and funded cooperative alternative to traditional commercial insurance, and is California’s oldest self-insurance and risk management service provider for nonprofit organizations. For member organizations, NonProfits' United provides stable, affordable insurance programs, expert claims settlement, driver instruction, safety and loss control services, member awards programs, and on-site consulting. 
<doc id="13368451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13368451" title="Stow Bardolph">
Born into the rich and influential Morokas as the daughter of Paul Moroka, the patriarch of the advertising media firm, New Horizons and sister to Archie and Busang, half-sister to Zakes, Karabo, the only female Moroka at the time, did not have a mother figure whilst growing up. While trying to find her self, she became something of a rebel, dating men her brother and father didn't approve of, including early show villain Max Naidoo, who held a grudge against the Morokas and was hell bent on destroying them. He becomes Karabo’s boyfriend and cocaine pusher. She has always presented the façade of being calm and in control. All the men in her life have often see her as a "beauty with no brains", a myth she has since disproved in the show’s ten year run, as she now owns the biggest communications firm Ezweni which she jointly manages with ex-husband Tau Mogale and Busi Dlomo. She has been married four times, first to Mandla Sithole, a medical Doctor who was possessive and jealous of her every move, a trait that later destroyed their marriage after he drugged her and she ended up in a comma. It was later discovered that he had a tumor that caused him to act that way. Her marriage to the lovely doctor, who was also her eye surgeon, started off as more a case of dependency than love, after she was blinded by a chemical put in her eye drops by Ingid Majozi, ex-wife to her one time fiancée Glen Majozi, whose wedding to him did take place because she received news of Archie’s death in a plane crash right before the nuptials. Glen also cheated on Karabo with Kgomotso, her best friend and later on step mother who has since moved to Ivory Coast and married a man that abuses her constantly. Since then she married Kaya Motene, Tau and most recently Sibusiso Dlomo, who she has since divorced so as to allow him pursue his long term love interest, Ntombi Khumalo. In the entire series run she has lost 2 children, and all her siblings were killed off by Max Naidoo. She is currently embroiled in a custody battle for an orphaned child that she wants to adopt. Fans often wonder whether she will ever be truly happy.
A great friend of Adrien François Servais and Henri Vieuxtemps, Mirecki initiated his two older children into the art of music. In 1881 he and his wife went to Madrid to reside with their son Victor, in which city the elder Mirecki died on 18 November 1882. He is buried in Madrid.
Rožman was twice seen at formal and informal events chatting with SS General Erwin Rösener, the commander of German forces in the province, who ordered the execution of Slovene civilians, hostages and prisoners of war, actions which led to his name being on the indictment for war crimes at Nuremberg. From 1943 until the end of the war, Rožman was closely associated with the anti-Partisan, anti-communist "Domobranci", the Slovenian Home Guard forces formed by order of SS General Rösener on 24 September 1943. 
<doc id="13370170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13370170" title="Federation of British International Schools in South East Asia">
Python anchietae

The original 1988 release for Amiga got mostly favorable reviews by the magazines, with praise for the graphics, which included large, detailed sprites, unusual for that time. However, the budget re-release in 1993 was met with negative reviews. For the Sega version, websites like I-Mockery.com or Somethingawful.com mocked the game for its bad graphics, annoying sound effects, frustrating controls and difficult gameplay.
Tracklist:
Away from Rugby League he continues to manage his own web design agency Buffalo Creative Media which he launched during the later stages of his playing career. Although not directly responsible for the day-to-day running any more he still takes a very active interest in its success.
<doc id="13372770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13372770" title="Derek Jeffries">
It also appears as an Easter egg in V-Rally 2.

The 2008 festival ran from September 21 to 28. During the week, 73 writers did readings, workshops and discussions at various sites throughout Winnipeg.
Rothman attributes his surfing prowess in large waves to his size as a youth. Because he was slightly overweight growing up, he wasn't as agile as some of his peers and catching smaller, less powerful waves was difficult for him. Bigger, more powerful waves better suited his surfing, and Rothman began to test the limits of his skills by surfing famous big-wave spots like Sunset Beach and Pipeline. Rothman also suffered from asthma as a child, a health issue potentially detrimental to his participating in a sport where breathing and holding one’s breath are fundamentally important. However, his father involved him in various other sports such as soccer, baseball, football, and water polo because the strenuous workouts seemed to help relieve his asthma. A formative experience of Rothman's surfing occurred in 1992, when he was eight years old. He paddled out to surf at famous big-wave spot Waimea Bay during a ceremony held for deceased surfer Eddie Aikau. The heavy surf conditions pounded the young Rothman, holding him under two 12-foot set waves, but he suddenly popped up in a clearing of the turbulent white-water. This event bolstered his confidence in big-wave conditions.
A team of psychologists based in University College Cork recorded 31 apparition sites and explained the visions as being optical illusions caused by staring at objects in the evening twilight. Others have argued that the Moving Statues and other extraordinary, international phenomenon like the "flying-saucer" religions and many other new religious and occult movements are best explained as responses to an existential angst that was exacerbated by the Cold War and other sources of social stress but with ultimate origins in cultural or religious norms, family dynamics, and personal psychology.

Moghavemat Shiraz F.C.
It amended the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act 1896 by omitting the words "serving on a vessel registered in the British Isles", and deeming these to have always been omitted. This amended section also applied to men raised under the provisions of the Naval Reserve Act 1900.
American Capital has eight offices in New York, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Annapolis, London and Paris, with its home office in Bethesda, MD.
Rehm-Flehde-Bargen is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

"Airport Art", Frankfurt am Main 



Irene Williams, wife of W. W. Williams, served as the MHS secretary for many years. Maude Bullock (October 5, 1905 - July 5, 1987), who joined the Webster Parish school system in 1926 and was named the 1960 "Outstanding Educator of the Year", served for a time as principal of the junior-high section of the school before finishing her career as a seventh-grade teacher at the since defunct Theresa M. Lowe Junior High School. In 1961, Williams was named "Citizen of the Year" by the Minden Lions Club.
The 1964 Lowood 4 Hour was an endurance race for production cars staged at the Lowood circuit in Queensland, Australia on 12 April 1964. The race, which was promoted by the Queensland Racing Drivers' Club Ltd., was the first of three Lowood 4 Hour races to be held at the circuit.
Ivor Thomas
Mutations in this gene result in Leber's congenital amaurosis and cone-rod dystrophy-6 diseases.
Geography.
