The website was launched in November 2013 by co-founders Hidir Gevis and Baris Sarer and is based in New York, US and Istanbul, Turkey. The objective of vivaHiba is to "create a hybrid citizen/professional journalism" without editorial control by connecting independent journalists and citizens with the traditional media.
References.

The tournament featured three rounds of play, all of which were single-elimination. The three teams that were division champions automatically qualified for the tournament while the remaining five seeds were given to the teams with the highest winning percentage. The top four seeds were given out to the three division champions and the top qualifier and assorted based upon winning percentage. The remaining four seeds were assigned to the other qualifiers and assorted based upon winning percentage. In the quarterfinals the first seed and eighth seed, the second seed and seventh seed, the third seed and sixth seed and the fourth seed and fifth seed played against one another. In the semifinals, the highest seed plays the lowest remaining seed while the two remaining teams play with the winners advancing to the championship game and the losers advancing to the third place game.
Career.

Chaker is an advocate for Palestinian refugees to immigrate to countries where there are opportunities. His views have been welcomed by many refugees and notable Palestinian figures such as author and TV host Rula Jebreal, but opposed by advocates of the Right of Return. In 2014, he supported protests by Palestinian youth in Lebanon asking for work visas to work away from refugee camps in Lebanon where refugees are not allowed employment. He has helped Palestinian refugees to obtain remote employment via the internet in marketing, web design, and graphics. His team of refugees have been working on the marketing of the Academy Award nominee for Best Foreign Picture, the Palestinian "Omar". He has also been an active speaker about the importance of sustainable aid in the form of employment for Syrian refugees.
Father Gabriel is an Indian priest, educationist, scholar, author and social reformer, known for his services in the fields of education, health and human welfare. He was awarded Padmabhushan in 2007 by the Government of India for his contribution to education and literature.
Sonja Pleysier
Jean-Gabriel Cerré (August 12, 1734 – April 4, 1805) was a Quebec-born merchant in the Illinois County and Saint Louis.

Abramowicz was born in Vilnius, then under Russian rule. Her parents were teachers. Though her first language was Russian, when the Germans occupied Vilnius during World War I, they allowed Jews to establish their own schools. Abramowicz's parents sent her to a Yiddish-language elementary and high schools. During her university years she studied Polish literature.
Full chart.



