Dave Dephoff
Recognition and Awards.

1998 World Weightlifting Championships – Women's 69 kg

He captained York in the 1928–29 season, which was to be their last in the Midland League before being elected to the Football League. He left after making 55 appearances and scoring five goals to join Dartford in June 1929. He joined Kettering Town in September, before returning to Scottish football in May 1931.
Deep Scan is an arcade game released in 1979 by Sega. The game involves commanding a battleship which can drop mines from either the left or right in an attempt to destroy enemy submarines. The player must also avoid mines launched from these submarines, which will increase every time a target is missed. Some arcade cabinates bundle the game with "Invinco", a "Space Invaders" clone released by Sega in the same year.
Department of Public Health,
Soviet submarine "B-402" may refer to one of the following submarines of the Soviet Navy:

Arslan Aydemirov
With respect to conservation of flora and fauna, the protected areas are identified in the country's 15 administrative regions, plus the Metropolitan area and the M. de Santiago, which are listed in alphabetical order (each region's serial number—based on information sourced to Corporación Nacional Forestal (CONAF)— appears in parentheses):
This village under "BHADURA HARIDAS GRAM PANCHAYAT"; which is under "DIAMOND HARBOUR BLOCK II".
Städtische Galerie im Lenbachhaus, Munich, Germany
The Partridge first flew in early in 1928 and appeared at the Hendon RAF display that July. Competitive trials between the contestants for F.9/26 began in January at RAF Martlesham Heath. The Hawker Hawfinch and the eventual winner, the Bristol Bulldog stood out from the others in terms of handling. These two and the Partridge had similar performance figures, with the Bulldog 7 mph (11 km/h) faster than the Partridge but having a lower service ceiling. The major failure of the Partridge was its poor longitudinal stability and control, which led to heavy stick forces and made aerobatics difficult. No further orders were placed. Some modifications were made to the original machine during the trials, notably an enlarged cockpit to assist a pilot who was baling out, and this variation became known as the Mk II. Boulton & Paul had always intended the Partridge to be powered by the new but unavailable Bristol Mercury and the designation Mk III was reserved for this unbuilt version.
Medal.
Rajasthan.
Refuge goals are to support recovery and perpetuation of endangered species, especially Hawaiian waterbirds. 
Arnold (or Arnoud) van Isenburg (died in April or June 1197) was Bishop of Utrecht from 1196 to 1197.
Methodology.
