<doc id="1260166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1260166" title="Tinto (disambiguation)">
<doc id="1260349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1260349" title="Agent Orange (disambiguation)">
Pernitz is a town in the district of Wiener Neustadt-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. 
Latin America.
<doc id="1260753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1260753" title="Everyone Poops">
1884 in rail transport
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC)

In 570 BC the Pharaoh Apries (Wahibre, reigned 589-570 BC) led the descendants of this mercenary army made up of 30,000 Carians and Ionians against a former general turned rebel by the name of Amasis. Although fighting valiantly they suffered defeat and Amasis II became Pharaoh (reigned 570-526 BC). Amasis shut down the "camps" and moved the Greek soldiers to Memphis where they were employed "to guard him against the native Egyptians."
Superstation
History.
Lyrically, the song is about a cold and emotionless man. In the first verse, Madonna enters in a medium range, 'You only see what your eyes want to see'. In the chorus, dance rhythm and ambient sounds are added. In the second verse, more visceral lyrics are added, like 'Love is a bird, she needs to fly'. During the bridge, a broad, string lines provide instrumental commentary on the lyrics. The song ends with a string ostinato that simply fades away, without fully resolving to the tonic chord. In an interview with "The New York Times", Madonna commented that the lyrics to "Frozen" is built around "Retaliation, revenge, hate, regret, that's what I deal with in "Frozen". Everyone's going to say, 'That's a song about Carlos' ex-boyfriend, but it's not really; it's just about people in general".
Packaging.

Individual flowers are greenish-white, borne on stalks (pedicels) some long. Each flower has six three-veined tepals which are long, slightly hooded or boat-shaped at their tips. The stamens consist of a pollen-producing another about long with a filament about the same length or slightly longer. The central style is long. Seeds are produced in a capsule long on stalks (pedicels) which lengthen to up to .
The observatory now faces new challenges in October 2009 as part of the neighboring golf course plans to develop box stores and apartments next to the observatory. This light pollution will certainly disable the observatory. Volunteers and staff are looking to the Delaware and Columbus residents to voice their opinion to the Delaware zoning commission to keep this from happening and to preserve what view of the heavens the observatory has now.
Units of action, or units (sometimes also called beats), were first suggested by Konstantin Stanislavski as a means of helping actors determine the through line or super objective of a role. A unit is a discrete piece of action in a play-text, marked by a significant change in action. This could be a change in what the characters already on stage are doing or trying to do, i.e. a change in their objective, a new character entering the scene or those already on stage exiting.
First Temple era.
On 1 March 1836 Finlayson sold the factory to Georg Rauch and Karl Samuel Nottbeck on condition that they would retain his name for the factory. New owners complied and founded Finlayson & Compagnie. Finlayson worked in an advisory capacity for a couple of years before moving back to Scotland.
In 2010, Sir Llew was named by premier Anna Bligh as one of six "Queensland Greats". The citation stated that he was “an outstanding Queenslander who has made exceptional contributions to many fields”.
Soon after the podium ceremony, word arrived that the officials had found impurities in the water injection system on Brundle's Tyrrell and lead balls in the rubber bag containing the water. Samples of the water were shipped to France and Texas for analysis and found to contain significant levels of hydrocarbons. Ken Tyrrell was called to a meeting of the FISA Executive Committee on July 18 and, based on the impurities in the water, which had been topped up during a pit stop, was accused of refueling the car during the race. (Refueling had been banned prior to the 1984 season and remained illegal until 1994.) The team was banned from the remainder of the World Championship and lost the 13 points they had already gained, though they continued to race, unable to score points. That was weeks later, however, and the organizers in Detroit were grateful for the stirring drive by the English rookie that was the highlight of their event.
In a January 2010 interview with "Entertainment Weekly", Murphy said, "First of all, I haven't recorded a new album as such. I've recorded a lot of songs, but I haven't planned beyond just putting the songs out there and letting them have their own life, and see how the music lives on its own, without videos, without a big promotion. It's more just about getting songs out there and letting them have their own life."
Since 2006 Spain has an electronic ID called DNIe.
ICBC Canada is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) and registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC), a federal agency insuring deposits at all of Canada's chartered banks. It is also a member of:
New headquarters location is selected in Markham.
The current station, replacing the original building, was designed by the Great Western Railway, on behalf of London Transport as part of the LPTB's 1935-40 New Works Programme improvements and extensions to the Central line, by the GWR's architect Brian Lewis and was completed by November 1940.
10- Mostafa Makri (1958–1960)
It is common for arguments which commit this fallacy to omit any specifics about exactly how, or how badly, a proposed solution is claimed to fall short of acceptability, expressing the rejection in vague terms only. Alternatively, it may be combined with the fallacy of misleading vividness, when a specific example of a solution's failure is described in emotionally powerful detail but base rates are ignored (see availability heuristic).

"June 29, 1993": POGO letter to DOE Secretary Hazel O'Leary concerning recent visit by DOE IG
History.
Diagnosis.
The second demo "Live Suffer Die" was recorded and the band began touring the United States consistently. The band signed a multi-album contract with Combat Records and after recording the "Game Over" album in April 1986, the band secured a European tour with Agent Steel and Atomkraft. Later, feeling constrained by their contract with Combat, the band signed with I.R.S. Records and recorded "Survive" in 1988. The album reached number 145 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and Nuclear Assault set off on a 180-day world tour in the United States and Europe; first as an opening for Slayer and later headlining with British group Acid Reign as a support act. The next album, 1989's "Handle with Care", would see the band at their commercial peak, hitting the US chart at number 126, and peaking in the UK Albums Chart at No. 60, with more touring, including a trip to Japan and a U.S. tour opening for Testament and Savatage. The band released their first live album, "Live at the Hammersmith Odeon", in 1990, but internal troubles were causing problems for the band.
"Countdown" began to attract liberal and progressive viewers in 2005, when Olbermann began critiquing and satirizing conservative media commentators, specifically Fox News and its main primetime anchor, Bill O'Reilly. He criticized Fox and O'Reilly for purportedly deceiving their viewers in service to their alleged right-wing biases, frequently including the latter in "Countdown"'s "Worst Person in the World" segment. O'Reilly, while not directly mentioning Olbermann, launched an online petition implicitly asking MSNBC to fire him, and, in conjunction with a call-in campaign organized by Mike Stark, threatened Stark for mentioning Olbermann by name after phoning in to O'Reilly's radio show. O'Reilly and other Fox personalities accused MSNBC of facilitating a liberal media bias, in what Olbermann described as a war of attrition intended to force him into silence.
Born in Grodno in a family of Kryashen ethnicity as the son of an artillery officer of the Imperial Russian Army, Antonov graduated from Frunze Military Academy in 1921 and joined the Red Army during the Russian Civil War. He became an instructor at Frunze Military Academy in 1938.
Languages also differ in the context in which ideophones are used. In some languages, ideophones are primarily used in spoken language (e.g. narrative contexts) and are rarely encountered in written language. In other languages (e.g. Ewe, Japanese), ideophones can be freely used in all registers. In general, however, ideophones tend to occur more extensively in spoken language because of their expressive or dramaturgic function.
A list of Georgian titled families was attached to the 1783 Treaty of Georgievsk between Georgia and Russia pursuant to Article IX's promise that Russia would allow those families to "...enjoy all the same privileges and advantages granted to the Russian nobility". Inexplicably, the list did not differentiate among the ranks of the families included therein (although they were apparently listed in descending order of rank). Russia eventually added all of them to the Fifth Book of Nobility, wherein were already included nobles that held the title of prince but who had no claim to sovereign or quasi-sovereign rank. The first family named on the treaty's list was that of Bagrationi, to which belonged Georgia's king and agnates, but henceforth they and all of the other families were accorded the title of "Knyaz" and the rank of ordinary nobleman in Russia. 
After World War II.
