Some LEAs reverted to the traditional age ranges as long ago as the late 1970s. One of the first areas to revert to the traditional age ranges was Halesowen in the West Midlands, which abandoned 5-9 first, 9-13 middle and 13-16/18 secondary schools in 1982 after just 10 years in use.

Thai Supreme Commander Gen. Boonsrang Niempradit and opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva accused Thaksin of hurting Thailand and damaging its reputation: "His Majesty the King recognizes highly the importance of the judiciary … The public should follow him."
Fifty years later it was captured by Albanians led by Skenderbeg, but was retaken by the Turks only eleven years later and heavily refortified. On June 10, 1570 the castle of Sopot was taken by James Celsi, Proveditor of the Venetian navy, who left after leaving in charge the Greek commander of Nauplion, Emmanuel Mormoris. This also triggered part of the nearby Himariotes to submit to Venetian rule. The next year the Ottoman army recaptured it and took Mormori as a prisoner.
He died in Baltimore, Maryland, March 21, 1906, and was interred in the family cemetery at Mangum, North Carolina.
The 1993 NBA Playoffs was the postseason tournament of the National Basketball Association's 1992-93 season. The tournament concluded with the Eastern Conference champion Chicago Bulls defeating the Western Conference champion Phoenix Suns 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals. Michael Jordan was named NBA Finals MVP for the third straight year. This was the Suns' second Western Conference title; they made their first NBA Finals appearance in 1976, losing to the Celtics.
Chaisson speaks of the future as uncertain, as it must be since evolution is inherently unpredictable while mixing chance and necessity, yet he considers some likely outcomes of the possible exploration and colonization of space before Earth becomes uninhabitable in about a billion years. He has also recently explored practical applications of cosmic evolution to human society, including near-future prospects regarding global warming, smart machines, world economics, and cancer research.
