Janaki Nagar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4899 people living in 911 individual households.
At the Covent Garden Festival he sang the Learned Judge in "Trial by Jury" and the title role in Mozart's "The Impresario". In 2004, Clark played Bunthorne at the Gawsworth Festival 2004 in "Patience". Returning to Carl Rosa in 2005, Clark played Pish-Tush in "The Mikado" and toured South Africa as Baron Zeta in "The Merry Widow". Also with Carl Rosa, in 2007 and 2008 he played Jack Point in "The Yeomen of the Guard" and the Major General in "The Pirates of Penzance" and in 2008 he played Tolloller in "Iolanthe" for Carl Rosa at the Gielgud Theatre. Clark also performs with the concert group "The Magic of Gilbert and Sullivan".
Holcomb fabricated the first telescopes manufactured in the United States. The first reflecting telescope Holcomb made to order was for John A. Fulton of Chillicothe, Ohio, about 1826. It was fourteen feet long with a ten-inch (254 mm) aperture with six eye pieces with a magnification of from 90 to 960 times. He fabricated and manufactured telescopes in earnest soon thereafter, probably around 1828, which marked the first such manufacturing business in the United States. He enjoyed making telescopes and at the beginning of his manufacturing venture he never thought of it ever becoming a profitable business, just a labor of love.

He was born in Minden. After beginning his career with Arminia Bielefeld, Eigenrauch went on to spend twelve years with FC Schalke 04, being regularly used during nine of his first ten. He contributed with eight matches in the club's victorious UEFA Cup campaign in 1996–97.
Ash-Shams (Egyptian newspaper)
Personnel.
However, the idea of South–South cooperation only started to influence the field of development in the late 1990s. Due to the geographical spectrum, the cooperation is now well known as South America-Africa (ASA) cooperation. 
