In early 2004, Belize suffered a "passport crisis" due to a shortage of blank passports when a delivery from the country's United Kingdom-based passport supplier De La Rue was delayed. The Ministry of Home Affairs tried to handle the crisis by recalling unused passport blanks from Belizean diplomatic missions abroad, while newspapers urged those who did not immediately need passports to wait until September or October when the switchover to the new machine-readable passports would begin. The problem came to an end in August, though delays in issuance of up to four weeks persisted.
She saw little action early in her life, due to the end of the Napoleonic Wars. However, in the journal of Thomas Reed Stavers, she is recorded as being at Callao Roads, under Captain Thomas Maling, on 3 July and on 4/5 September 1824, on the latter occasion sailing from Callao to 'the Island of Lorenzo' to avoid attacks by a Spanish gun boat.
"Analysts say, ... there is little doubt Mugniyeh and Al Din helped plan December 1983 bombings in Kuwait against the U.S. and French embassies there ..."
Batting.
Woolage Green
1956.
"Together" became a Top Ten hit in the summer of 1961 via a recording by Connie Francis cut in New York City on 3 June 1961 with Cliff Parman acting as arranger and conductor. After focusing on new material for her recent singles releases, Francis with "Together" reverted to the mode of remaking traditional pop songs which had provided her with her biggest hits in the '50s. "Together" reached #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was the first single release by Francis which could avail itself of the July 1961 inauguration of "Billboard"'s Easy Listening chart where "Together" peaked at #1. Francis' "Together" also reached #2 in Australia, #6 in the UK, #7 in Ireland and #6 in New Zealand and was a #1 hit in India.


The island is part of the Niagara Escarpment archipelago in northwestern Lake Michigan. The highest point in Summer Island is 710 feet (217 m) above sea level, and 129 feet (40 m) above the level of the lake. One of the most prominent shoreline features of Summer Island is "Gravel Point", a northern headland that stretches toward the Garden Peninsula mainland. More than one-half of the island is owned by the state of Michigan and is administered as part of Lake Superior State Forest.

Al Simmons
The 1924 Philadelphia Athletics season involved the A's finishing 5th in the American League with a record of 71 wins and 81 losses.
As trainer he led Ethelda Bleibtrey to three gold medals in Antwerp 1920 and Gertrude Ederle the first female crossing the English Channel in 1926.
