Le Claon

Geography.
The two main Belgian public TV networks, VRT in the Flemish Community and RTBF in the French Community of Belgium, broadcast their channels via operators using cable, satellite, IPTV and terrestrial television. The Belgian commercial TV stations are currently only available on cable, satellite and IPTV. Terrestrial broadcasting is limited to public service TV stations because of the high adoption rate of cable (95%) in Belgium which makes it unnecessary to broadcast commercially.

On April 20, 2011, it was reported that customers had launched a protest against perceived shortcomings of "Portal 2". Users complained that the game was too shortsome said that it is only four hours long, about the existence of paid, downloadable content for some versions at launch, and that the Windows and OS X versions were ports of the console version. Other journalists countered that the quality of the graphics on the Windows and Mac versions did not suggest a simple console port. Stephen Totilo of Kokatu.com wrote that the game lasted nine hours and that the downloadable content consisted purely of cosmetic add-ons. Some journalists said that the minimal impact of "The Potato Sack" alternative reality game on the early release of "Portal 2" may be influencing the user scores.
Villécloye
Doncaster.
<doc id="15889312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15889312" title="Leonardo Abelenda">
Folschviller

This asteroid is named after Milton Caniff a U.S. cartoonist.
The BillyBones is an American Punk Rock band. Based in Los Angeles, California, the band features Steven William "Billy Bones" Fortuna, formerly of The Skulls (U.S. Band), guitarist Alex Mack, drummer Alex Gomez, formerly of U.S. Bombs tenor saxophone Bad Otis Link, (visual artist) Bass Easy Lou Jones, Rhythm Guitar Dustin "Damone" Snodgrass 
The 2006 festival was the first installment of MS Fest, held on Saturday, 11 March 2006 at the Royal Park Regatta Grounds, Launceston. The line-up of artists included:
The "Doyen"-class ships, at only 414 feet in length and with a displacement of 4,351 tons, were considerably smaller than most other classes of attack transport. However, it appears their troop carrying capacity was adequate, with "Feland" listed as able to carry 1,100 troops. No information is available on their cargo capacity.
Complaints rose before the series had begun. Gareth McLean said, "I'm not sure if it speaks more of the desperate barrel-scraping at the idea-free zone that is Channel 4 or the blunting of our critical faculties and the ease with which we're impressed nowadays concomitant with the devaluing of the terms "genius" and "hero", but this is some sort of joke, right? Are we seriously meant to believe that Gervais et al. are heroes? Unless, of course, the measure of comedy heroism is the amount of merchandise you can shift."
Sussex contains one national park, the South Downs National Park (shared with Hampshire) and two Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty, the High Weald AONB and the Chichester Harbour AONB. The cliffs on the coast between Seaford and Eastbourne known as the Seven Sisters have been designated as the Sussex Heritage Coast.
Yorkshire began their preparation for the 2008 season in the United Arab Emirates, playing four games in the Pro Arch Trophy. They won the tournament, finishing ahead of Lancashire, Somerset, Essex, Sussex and the United Arab Emirates.
On May 1, 2008, at least 30 jets of the Turkish Air Force bombed the PKK camps in northern Iraq. The operation began just before midnight and continued into Friday, May 2, 2008. According to Turkish military sources, the PKK targets that were bombed are far from civilian settlements, at the mountains of the Qandil (Kandil) area. On May 3, the Turkish General Staff announced that "more than 150 PKK militants have been neutralized in the latest operation, which targeted the camps in the Qandil Mountains, where most of the high-ranking members of the organization are located." The Turkish General Staff, without giving a precise name, implied that the PKK rebels who were neutralized may also include "a guerilla who leads the organization" as well; leading the Turkish press to speculate that Murat Karayilan might have also been killed during the latest aerial strikes.
Manhoué
Lisbon Treaty.
Ginnaven was born one minute after midnight, Robert Addison Ginnaven, Jr. was officially the first baby born in Memphis, Tennessee in the year 1937. He was the only child born to Pauline (née Boals), and Robert Addison Ginnaven, Sr.. His mother worked for many years as a medical secretary in Downtown Memphis, and his father, who was in the Navy during World War II, worked for years as a deliveryman for Wonder Bread, also in Memphis.
Television became a mass medium in Brazil earlier than in most developing countries. The military dictatorship which took power in 1964 saw audiovisual communication as a tool for creating a stronger national identity, a broader consumer economy, and controlling political information. The military pushed television deeper into the population by subsidizing credit for set sales, building national microwave and satellite distribution systems, which prompted the growth of Rede Globo, which they chose as a privileged partner. TV Excelsior, an opponent of the regime, on the other hand, was forced to close after losing government advertisement.
After his degree in 1966, he was post-doctoral fellow at the Mainz Academy of Sciences working with Pascual Jordan, in Germany. Then, he was member of the Institute for Advanced Study, in Princeton and later became instructor and assistant professor at Princeton University. In 1975, he was visiting Professor at the Universities of Kyoto (Japan) and of Western Australia, Perth. In the years 1975-78, he cooperated with NASA being member of the task force on the scientific use of space stations. In 1976 he became Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Catania and in 1978 he was appointed Professor at the University “Sapienza”. In 1985, he was elected President of the International Center for Relativistic Astrophysics (ICRA). In 1984 he was cofounder, with Abdus Salam, of the Marcel Grossmann Meetings. In 1987, he became co-chairman of the Italian-Korean Meetings on Relativistic Astrophysics. In the years 1989-93, he was President of the Scientific Committee of the Italian Space Agency. He is Editor of a variety of Scientific Journals. He is married to Anna Imponente and has a son, Iacopo.
Timmy Conway
The Auzoue forms part of the commune's southwestern border.

In the early postwar years, only a minority of new recruits from agricultural career were literate. In contrast, by the late 1970s only 5% of workers lacked a complete elementary education. In the same period, the central planning system yielded impressive gains in the education level and living standards for much of the new urban industrial workforce.
