<doc id="24878489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24878489" title="Gabrielle Daye">

The Spanish, and later the Mexican, government encouraged settlement of the "Territorio de Nuevo Mexico" (context map) by the establishment of large land grants, many of which were turned into ranchos, devoted to the raising of cattle and sheep. The owners of these ranchos patterned themselves after the landed gentry in Spain. Their workers included Native Americans, some of whom had learned to speak Spanish and ride horses. Of the hundreds of grants, Spain made only a few. The remainder were granted by Mexico after 1821. The ranchos established land-use patterns that are recognizable in the New Mexico of today.
To complete their bench, the Phillies signed utility infielder Juan Castro to a one-year contract to replace Eric Bruntlett, and inked a two-year deal with pinch-hitter and first baseman Ross Gload, who replaced Matt Stairs. In the bullpen, the Phillies signed right-handed relief pitcher Danys Báez to a two-year contract, and agreed to a one-year deal with right-handed starter and long reliever José Contreras. Amaro announced that all of the coaches from the 2009 season had also been invited to return.
It is native to the mountains of northern California and southern Oregon, including the Klamath Mountains and Sierra Nevada, where it grows in chaparral, forest, and other habitat, often on serpentine soils.
getopt dates back to at least 1980 and was first published by AT&T at the 1985 UNIFORUM conference in Dallas, Texas, with the
<doc id="24882044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24882044" title="Kern National Wildlife Refuge">
Grasslands Wildlife Management Area lies within the San Joaquin River basin in California and supports the largest remaining block of wetlands in the Central Valley, containing of private wetlands and associated, and surrounding of state and federal lands. Perpetual conservation easements on private lands have been purchased by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Big Rig Records

<doc id="24883443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24883443" title="Odeda">

World War II.
The tunnel was listed in the Queensland Heritage Register in 1999.

<doc id="24885141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24885141" title="1995 Danamon Open – Singles">
A series is often represented as the sum of a sequence of terms. 
In 1933, Marcinkus advanced to the rank of lieutenant, which was conferred by Lithuanian President, Antanas Smetona. In the same year he married Aleksandra Lingytė. Lingytė was also a prominent Lithuanian sportswoman; she won several basketball championships for Lithuania. Around the same time, inspired by Klemensas Martinkus, Marcinkus became a paratrooper instructor. Soon he became a parachuting master in the Air Force and participated in various air shows.
Offices.
The larvae primarily feed on "Ulmus" species, but have also been recorded on "Quercus", "Tilia" and "Prunus spinosa".
“From Poverty to Prosperity: Understanding the Impact of Investing in Small and Medium Enterprises” A Data Survey and Case Study Analysis for SEAF Investments
Together with the Museum Kunst Palast, the foundation has important works from the following artists in its' collection: Hermann Bartels, Pol Bury, Enrico Castellani, Lucio Fontana, Hermann Goepfert, Kuno Gonschior, Gerard von Graevenitz, Gotthard Graubner, Hans Haacke, Oskar Holweck, Akira Kanayama, Yves Klein, Walter Leblanc, Adolf Luther, Heinz Mack, Piero Manzoni, Almir Mavignier, Christian Megert, Sadamasa Motonaga, Saburo Murakami, Henk Peeters, Otto Piene, Uli Pohl, Arnulf Rainer, Hans Salentin, Jan Schoonhoven, Shozo Shimamoto, Jesus Rafael Soto, Daniel Spoerri, Atsuko Tanaka, Jean Tinguely, Günther Uecker, Jef Verheyen, Nanda Vigo and Herman de vries.
Vasiliou played in the Greek Super League during the 2008–09 season.
Ruy Gómez de Silva
In 1547 at the start of the reign of King Edward VI (1547-1553) Gardiner was imprisoned first in the Fleet and remained in the Tower of London for six years until released on the accession of the Catholic Queen Mary I (1553-1558). During his imprisonment Basset remained loyal to his master and before his trial appealed to the Lord Protector Somerset and later petitioned parliament for his release. At the bishop's trial in 1551 Basset was shown to have been one of his gentlemen waiters and served as one of his proctors, and gave evidence. He was himself imprisoned briefly and released from the Tower of London on 1 October 1551. John Foxe (died 1587) the Protestant martyrologist, in his 1563 work "Actes and Monuments", makes several mentions of James Basset. Having strong Catholic sympathies himself, on his release he fled abroad to Flanders, according to Nicholas Harpsfield (died 1575), "not to be entangled with the schism".

Anticipation and pre-release.
His distinctive style can be seen in the art of younger aboriginal artists, many of whom he had mentored. He died of cancer in 2004.
