Srah Srang or "The royal bathing pool" or "pool of ablutions" to the east of Banteay Kdei, which was dug to dimensions of x during the reign of Rajendraverman in the 10th century, was beautified by Jayavarman VII with well laid out steps of laterite stones with external margin of sandstone, on the banks of the pond facing the Sun. It is set amidst large trees and has turquoise blue waters all the year round. The approaching steps to the water edge are flanked by two stone statues of lions with ornamented Nāga-balustrades. The pond was reserved for use by the king and his wives. A stone base seen at an island in the centre of the pond once housed a wooden temple where the king did meditation. At the lily filled lake, watching sunset reflections in the lake is quite an experience. The water from the lake is now used for rice cultivation by farmers of the area.
Urban agriculture in West Oakland has taken a radical form that can be traced back to community gardening initiatives starting in the 1970s in the cities of Berkeley and Oakland, and the city's African-American heritage. Oakland's manufacturing industry attracted new residents during WWII. To reduce racial tension, the Oakland Housing Authority established housing projects for blacks in West Oakland and whites in East Oakland. With exclusionary covenants and redlining by banks, development capital was kept out of West Oakland while the African-American population had limited opportunities to rent or buy housing outside West Oakland.
<doc id="450313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=450313" title="Kate Carnell">
Three members of the Conservative front bench and one Conservative whip resigned their posts so that they could vote against the war:
Throughout the 1930s and early 40s, Betar aided in the widespread immigration of Jews to Palestine in violation of the British Mandate's immigration quotas, which had not increased despite the surge of refugees resulting from both Nazi oppression/genocide and a general surge of anti-Semitism around the globe. In total, Betar was responsible for the entrance of over 40,000 Jews into Palestine under such restrictions. 
David Stewart
Discrete Log of a given value.
Environmental heritage.
Yamagata Prefecture.
Considering the specific case of encrypting messages in English (i.e. formula_23), there are a total of 286 non-trivial affine ciphers, not counting the 26 trivial Caesar ciphers. This number comes from the fact there are 12 numbers that are coprime with 26 that are less than 26 (these are the possible values of formula_7). Each value of formula_7 can have 26 different addition shifts (the formula_2 value); therefore, there are 12*26 or 312 possible keys. This lack of variety renders the system as highly insecure when considered in light of Kerckhoffs' Principle.
In the 1922 UK general election, Thomas Walter Grundy was elected unopposed.
Folklore, customs and culture.
Many people were caught in the storm while driving, and many others were trapped in their homes or offices with snow drifts of up to , in some places blocking the exits. In many cases, those who had become ill or had been injured during the storm had to be taken to hospitals by snowmobile. Other people were able to leave their homes and travel for assistance by cross-country skis and sleds. One unofficial report stated that 4% of the students, staff, and faculty at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island, incurred some sort of injury requiring medical attention as a result of the blizzard.
Role in the Tibetan cause.
Relevant acts of Parliament.
Stevenson stepped down as director of the Division of Perceptual Studies in 2002, although he continued to work as Research Professor of Psychiatry. Bruce Greyson, editor of the "Journal of Near-Death Studies", became director of the division. Jim Tucker, the department's associate professor of psychiatry and neurobehavioral sciences, continued Stevenson's research with children, examined in Tucker's book, "Life Before Life: A Scientific Investigation of Children's Memories of Previous Lives" (2005). Stevenson died of pneumonia in February 2007 at his retirement home in Charlottesville, Virginia.
In 2008, the President of the Republic of Cameroon, President Paul Biya signed decrees abolishing "provinces" and replacing them with "regions". Hence, all of the country's ten provinces are now known as regions.

Managers.
Gannon once again focused on youth development, inducing young talents such as Danny Whitehead, Cameron Darkwah, Danny Hattersley and Ian Ormson into the starting eleven.
Following promotion in 2012–13, manager Brian Flynn moved to become director of football at the club, with Paul Dickov becoming manager a few weeks later.
Managerial history.
There have always been problems with the ground, Underhill, which is in need of modernisation. A controversial sale of the ground's freehold in 2002 to the Club by the London Borough of Barnet failed to produce any changes to the stadium. Meanwhile, successive Conservative-controlled administrations of the local council have never acted on statements of support for the club; indeed, many Keep Barnet Alive (KBA) supporters consider Conservative members of the council to be indifferent to the future of the club. Attempts by the club to sort out the ground issue, either by making improvements to the current site or by finding a site elsewhere in the borough, have so far failed.
The 2012–2013 season did not start too well with team having a record of 4 draws and 4 losses from their opening 8 games. The 9th game was better as the Daggers got their first win of the season with a 3–0 win against Wycombe Wanderers. Another troublesome season for the team ensued, and they were devastated when John Still, their manager of 9 years, left the club on 26 February 2013 to join Luton Town. Preceding this Wayne Burnett was made Caretaker Manager for the remaining games of the season. After another run of bad results, the club finished the season in 22nd place. Following the club's safety from relegation, on 2 May 2013, Wayne Burnett was appointed the manager on a permanent basis.
England under 17's, 19's 20's, 21's and the full England Women's team have all played at the stadium leaving only the full England men's team as the only national demostic side not to grace the turf. Other notable teams to have played at Greenhous Meadow include Premier League sides Manchester City, West Bromwich Albion, Fulham and Stoke City. A Manchester United XI appeared in a pre-season friendly against Shrewsbury Town on 17 July 2011
A hard working striker with flowing blonde hair, Tynan was signed as an apprentice for Liverpool by manager Bill Shankly after winning a talent contest run by the "Liverpool Echo" newspaper, but he never made a first-team appearance for the Reds and was transferred to Sheffield Wednesday in 1976, where he spent two years and scored 31 goals.
Cowdenbeath traditionally date their origin to the merger of two local clubs, Cowdenbeath Rangers (formed 1880) and Cowdenbeath Thistle, which occurred in 1881. However, research by the club's historian suggests the Cowdenbeath Rangers name continued to be used at this time and the founding of Cowdenbeath F.C. should properly be dated to 1882, when another merger saw Rangers combine with a local club called Raith Rovers (formed 1881 and unrelated to the present Kirkcaldy club). The establishment of one club to represent the town thus coincided with the establishment of the Fifeshire Football Association that year. Cowdenbeath, who are the oldest surviving football club in Fife, lost in the inaugural Fife Cup final in 1883 but won the Cup for the first time in 1885. The club were relegated in the 1933–34 season but claimed their third Division Two championship in the 1938–39 season. This feat was in no small part aided by Rab Walls' 54 League goals – the second highest seasonal total in Scottish League history. However, the outbreak of the Second World War cut short Cowden's return to Division One, and the club closed down for the duration of hostilities. When peacetime football resumed, the club were controversially placed in the new (second tier) B Division.
To decode the ciphertext, the private keys are necessary. The process follows:
The Moscow film production unit with studio facilities was established in November 1923 by the motion picture mogul Aleksandr Khanzhonkov ("first film factory") and I. Ermolev ("third film factory") as a unit of the Goskino works. The first movie filmed by Mosfilm was "On the Wings Skyward" (directed by Boris Mikhin).
<doc id="451364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=451364" title="Kitanakagusuku, Okinawa">
As of 2003, the district has an estimated population of 5,579 and the density of 15.37 persons per km². The total area is 362.89 square kilometers.
Gold "eagles" were issued for circulation by the United States Mint from 1795–1933, "half eagles" from 1795–1929, "quarter eagles" from 1796–1929, and "double eagles" from 1850–1933; with occasional production gaps for each type. The diameter of eagles was 27 mm, half eagles 21 mm, quarter eagles 17 mm, and double eagles 34 mm.

He retired in 2004 and died in 2013.
One patrol – by a unit of Royal Dublin Fusiliers from 29th Division - managed to fight its way through the wire, and observed (report of 29 June) that the German front trench had been destroyed by the bombardment, but could not reach even that far as the area was swept by fire from the German second position. On the eve of battle Rawlinson noted (Rawlinson Diary 30 June) that “VIII Corps front … is somewhat behind-hand” at wire-cutting.
Albin B. Swindell (born October 14, 1945 in Robeson County, North Carolina) was a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's eleventh Senate district, including constituents in Nash and Wilson counties. He was first elected in November 2000 and served five two-year terms. In the November 2010 election he was defeated by Eldon Newton, a Republican.
Hurricane Katrina.

Mission background.
Drifter Harry Madox takes a job as a used car salesman in a small Texas town. In the summer heat, he develops an interest in two women, one who works at the car dealership and another who is married to its owner.
In his book "What about Germany?", Lochner offered the following English translation of the document then in his possession:
Georgian Birr.
For more details see: NI Neighbourhood Information Service
In January 1805, he succeeded his uncle as Earl of Rosslyn according to the special remainder, being by this time considered a Tory, and after the end of the Napoleonic Wars continued his political career in the House of Lords. He was a member of the cabinet as Lord Privy Seal from 1829 to 1830 under the Duke of Wellington's and Lord President of the Council under Sir Robert Peel from 1834 to 1835. In 1829 he was sworn of the Privy Council.
ICS Toronto is an independent graduate school of inter-disciplinary philosophy. At ICS, Junior Members (students) and Senior members (faculty) take part in shared learning through participatory seminars, mentoring, and an inter-disciplinary approach to study. ICS is affiliated with the Free University (VU) in Amsterdam. VU has co-sponsored and co-supervised the awarding of some ICS doctoral degrees. The Institute is also affiliated with the Toronto School of Theology [http://www.tst.edu/aboutTST/members/index.htm] of the University of Toronto, with whose courses ICS courses are cross-listed and students from the other institutions may, as may ICS Junior Members, matriculate across institutions - but with restrictions on how many credits for a degree a student may take from these approved external sources. ICS has some cross-listed courses with the Philosophy faculty of the University of Toronto, as well.

In August 2003, Libya accepted responsibility for "the actions of its officials" in respect of the bombing Pan Am Flight 103, but was silent on the question of the Pan Am Flight 73 hijacking. Libya offered $2.7 billion USD in compensation to the families of the 270 victims of Pan Am Flight 103 and, in January 2004, agreed to pay $170 million to the families of the 170 UTA victims. The seven American UTA victims' families refused the offer and instead filed a claim for $2.2 billion against Libya. From 2004 to 2006 the U.S. and UK opened up relations with Libya, including removing sanctions and removing the country as a sponsor of terrorism.
Post-war developments.
2012 - Leonard Bernstein Award for the Elevation of Music in Society.
The Cornwall and Isles of Scilly Maritime Archaeology Society (CISMAS) has been routinely inspecting and recording the site since 2001. The CISMAS projects are funded and endorsed by English Heritage. In May 2012 CISMAS is embarking on a major excavation of a portion of the stern of the wreck. The full details of the work to be undertaken can be accessed through the CISMAS website and the excavation will running a daily diary through its Facebook page.

Facilities & Tourism.
History.
"Good to Be King".
Immediately after the war, in June 1945, socialist PvdA Prime Minister Schermerhorn asked him to take a seat in his cabinet as minister of Agriculture, Fishery and Food Distribution. He was the youngest member of a cabinet, aged only 36.
