Geography.
In popular culture.
The University of Iowa Athletics Hall of Fame is home to many major trophies and awards, including Nile Kinnick’s Heisman Trophy, the 1958 National Football Championship Trophy and all twenty-three NCAA wrestling titles. Exhibits highlight the history and significance of famous Iowa Hawkeye players, coaches, and teams. Special exhibits are on display for the most recent inductees.
Tadataka "Tachi" Yamada, MD, KBE (山田忠孝 Yamada Tadataka or “ターチ Tachi”, June 5, 1945– ), is Executive Vice-President, Chief Medical and Scientific Officer, and a Board Member of Takeda Pharmaceuticals. He has responsibility for all of Takeda’s research and development activities. 
Expansions and Extensions.
Previously a community school administered by Manchester City Council, Burnage Media Arts College converted to academy status on 1 April 2014. It has been renamed Burnage Academy for Boys, however the school continues to co-ordinate with Manchester City Council for admissions.
<doc id="12121686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12121686" title="Richard and Helen DeVos Foundation">
Juneteenth, or June 19, was first celebrated in 1865 and recognizes the day that the last slaves in the United States received word of their freedom as a result of the Emancipation Proclamation.

Selendis.

Kevin Ray Turner (born February 5, 1958 in Fremont, California) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the New York Giants, Washington Redskins, Seattle Seahawks, and the Cleveland Browns. He played college football at the University of the Pacific.
On 16 June 1960, "Terrell County" departed the U.S. west Coast for her fourth Western Pacific cruise. In July, 1960 her permanent home port was changed from San Diego to Yokosuka, Japan. In the Far East, "Terrell County" participated in a wide variety of operations with beachings and landings of embarked United States Marines and their equipment. Occasionally, maneuvers with warships of other Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) member countries took place in locales ranging from Thailand to South Korea and from Borneo to the Philippine Islands. Liberties at Hong Kong and Tokyo brightened a sometimes uneventful deployment while typhoon evasions, too, were common occurrences.
An Ofsted inspection in March 2007 identified some areas of good practice.
Colonel Arthur Waite MC., OSt.J., DL., JP., (1894–1991) was an Australian-born racing driver.

Werner Gerlach, the German consul, was also alerted to the plane. Suspecting what was about to happen, he drove down to the harbour with a German associate. With the use of binoculars, he confirmed his fears and then hurried back. At home, he arranged for the burning of his documents and tried unsuccessfully to reach the Icelandic foreign minister by telephone.
Julius Alphonsus Rykovich (April 6, 1923 – December 23, 1974) was an American football halfback, kickoff returner, and defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Chicago Bears. Rykovich also played in the All-America Football Conference for the Buffalo Bills and the Chicago Rockets. He played college football at the University of Illinois and the University of Notre Dame and was drafted in the second round of the 1947 NFL Draft. He was co-MVP alongside Buddy Young in the 1947 Rose Bowl game for Illinois, and was inducted into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame in 1993.

Beetle Land.

Here is a link to an artist's representation of "Dinaelurus".
Upon its release by Cleis Press in 2001, the "Lambda Book Report" claimed Beebo Brinker, "Though four decades old, (it) remains a delightful — and now instructive read."
The MCWD uses scientific research and monitoring, public education, grant programs, permitting, and collaborative initiatives with local governments, agencies, and residents, to protect the region’s lakes, rivers, and streams. Established in 1967, the MCWD was created under the Minnesota Watershed District Act. The 1955 act charged watershed districts with integrating water management efforts among city, county, and state agencies. Districts receive funding through local property taxes.
Rupam is said to be the pioneer of Bengali rock. Rupam is one of the most popular modern singers in Bengal.
After the deadly incident on "Inferno" at Terra Mítica in Benidorm, Spain on July 7, 2014, and because the two rides share several similarities, Linnanmäki had ceased running "Kirnu" for several days before reopening the coaster.

The Graham Baronetcy, of Gartmore in the County of Stirling, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 28 June 1665 for William Graham. The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1708.
"Greatest Hits of All Times – Remix '89 – Volume II" is a remix album by Boney M. released in November 1989. The follow-up to 1988's "Greatest Hits Of All Times - Remix '88" includes remixes by both PWL's Pete Hammond and original producer Frank Farian and yielded two single releases, "The Summer Mega Mix" and "Malaika (Lambada Remix)". The latter borrowed its remix title and arrangement from Kaoma's 1989 worldwide hit "Lambada" and the mix of "Happy Song" from Lil Louis' US number one "French Kiss".

Group A.
7 Ri Kwang Myong
Bishop's House is a historic building in downtown, Portland, Oregon. It is in the city's Yamhill Historic District.
<doc id="12131859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12131859" title="Fun Size Comics">
