Zapole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.

The "Mallee Football League" was formed in 1997 from the merger of the Northern Mallee and Southern Mallee Football Leagues. The Northern Mallee Football League had been reduced to four clubs after Ouyen Rovers and Tempy-Gorya-Patchewollock merged to form Ouyen United.
The nominees were announced on 24 October 2007. Deborra-Lee Furness, Sibylla Budd, Marny Kennedy, and James Hewison made the announcements. Romulus, My Father got the highest nominations with a total of 16 with The Home Song Stories with the second highest amount of 14. Clubland came third with a high amount of nomination tallying up to 11.

Higher temperatures and lower flows could impair water quality by concentrating pollutants and reducing assimilative capacity.
Lajamanu Teenage Band
The preparations begin some 15 days prior to the date of the festival, when the elderly persons of the village sit together at a holy place after the "beheren" calls the villagers by blowing a trumpet. Then people get together and discuss with the priests the "tithi" and "lagna" (auspicious day and time) for Nuakhai . The priest consults the "panjika" (astrological almanac) and announces the sacred "muhurta" (a period of time equal to about 48 minutes) when nua is to be taken. This part of the preparations shows elements of both the original tribal festival and elements of Hindu religion. When the caste-Hindus migrated into the area the local tribal people adopted the idea of an astrological calculation of the "tithi" and "lagna" for the Nuakhai festival. In the same way, when the caste-Hindus adopted Nuakhai from the tribal people, they introduced some Sanskritic elements so as to make it more readily accepted by the caste-Hindus.
In recent years, strangulation in the context of DV has received significant attention. It is now recognized as one of the most lethal forms of DV; yet, because of the lack of external injuries, and the lack of social awareness and medical training in regard to it, strangulation has often been a rather hidden problem. As a result, in recent years, many US states have enacted specific laws against strangulation.
The EP was recorded at Nada Studio in January 2006, by Making April in association with producer John Naclerio. It was first released with only eight tracks, three tracks were added for the Radtone Music Japanese release, "Hurry Up and Wait", "Don't Look Back" and an acoustic version of "Roses and Butterflies". The second American release contained "Hurry Up and Wait" and an acoustic version of title track "Runaway World".
