Denotation refers to the meaning hidden in symbols or images. A denotation is "what we see" in the picture or what is "there" in the picture. According to author Clive Scott, this is another way of saying that a photograph has both a signified and a referent, is both coded and encoded. This is to re-emphasize the co-existence of the iconic and idexical. In photography the photo itself is the signifier, the signified is what the image is or represents. The literal meaning of the image.
Walter R. Borneman, b.1952, an American historian and lawyer, is the author of well-known popular books on 18th and 19th century United States history. He received his B.A. in 1974 from Western State College of Colorado, and received an M.A. in history there in 1975 for a thesis on "Irwin : silver camp of the Ruby Mountains"; in 1981 he received a law degree from the University of Denver, and practiced law. A book published in May 2012, is "The Admirals Nimitz, Halsey, Leahy, and King--the 5-star Admirals Who Won the War at Sea." Publisher, Little Brown & Co, ISBN 978-0-316-09784-0. He has also written a number of books about mountaineering in Colorado, where he currently lives. His latest book is American Spring which covers the Revolutionary War from its onset to the Battle of Bunker Hill.
Kowak

<doc id="33983102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33983102" title="Fiskebrygga, Kristiansand">
In 1947 he was elected as director of the Society of Authors and Publishers. While convalescing from an operation for retinal detachment he premiered "24 Horas Mintiendo" a comedy written by :es:Francisco Ramos de Castro. After his death at his home on calle Sagasta in 1948 he was buried in a massive funeral. His posthumous "La Rumbosa", a lyrical sainete opened in 1951.
www.twitter.com/Morenu_
The specific name refers to the type locality of Tianping Mountain.
Nigeria today is seemingly democratic with there having been no military coups since 1999, however the decades under military rule have had a resounding impact on the nation with all today’s 36 states created by the military and there still being a considerable military influence evident.

Other locations predicted to have upwelling water, for example chaos regions and canyons associated with large outflows, have also been found to contain sulfates. 
References.
Operations.
