10665 Ortigão is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1708.9510202 days (4.68 years). 
Tomlinson was arrested by French authorities in July 2006 as part of their inquiry into the death of Diana. French police were also reported to have seized computer files and personal papers from his home in Cannes.
<doc id="17362656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17362656" title="Mirfatyh Zakiev">
Four Star Spectacular: reprint title.
Reyes represented Colombia as a Flyweight at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. His results were:

While still serving as an Alderman for the City of Calgary, Shrake ran as a Progressive Conservative candidate in the 1982 Alberta general election. He won the electoral district of Calgary Millican defeating New Democrat candidate David Swann by a wide margin. He would run for his second term in office in the 1986 Alberta general election. This race proved to be a lot closer for Shrake as his popular vote was cut in half from 1982. Swann ran against him for the second time doubling his popular vote, but not gaining enough support to win. Shrake would run for a third and final term in the 1989 Alberta general election. He would gain enough popular support to defeat New Democrat candidate Bill Flookes by just over 100 votes. Shrake retired from provincial politics at dissolution of the Assembly in 1993.
The house.
Owing to the KKE's equal treatment of ethnic Macedonians and Greeks, many ethnic Macedonians enlisted as volunteers in the DSE (60% of the DSE was composed of Slavic Macedonians). It was during this time that books written in the Macedonian dialect (the official language was in process of codifying) were published and Macedonians cultural organizations theatres were opened.

TV miniseries.

The area surrounding Brunswick Town was originally inhabited by the Tuscarora Native Americans. After these natives were defeated in the Tuscarora War (1711–15), English colonists began to move into the Cape Fear region. Brunswick Town was founded in July 1726 by Maurice Moore with the help of his brother Roger, owner of the nearby Orton Plantation. The two men were sons of South Carolina colonial governor James Moore and grandsons of Irish nobleman Rory Moore. Maurice, a future colonial governor and father of Supreme Court Associate Justice Alfred Moore, named the town after Brunswick-Lüneburg, the German territory ruled by Great Britain's reigning King George I. During the next few months, Brunswick Town grew rapidly and became a busy port for exporting forest products used for the Royal Navy and merchant ships, tar, pitch, and turpentine. When the village of Newton, now known as Wilmington, was founded in 1733, the two towns jointly formed the Port of Brunswick. 
Various programme notes, also by Isak Roux, Michael Spencer and Johann P. Boshoff
Television.
Transport.
Biography.
Dohwa-dong
1998.
Many of the characters in the "Warriors" novel series undergo a number of name changes. In most cases a character is given an individual "first" name by their mother upon birth, based on a particular physical or behavioral trait such as fur color (Cinder, Ash, Fire, Gray, White, Silver, Tawny, Brindle, Blue, Bracken, Oak, Russet, Moon, Flame, Ivy, Cloud, Spotted, Cedar), limb length (Spider, Half, Long, Tall), eye color (Heather, Yellow, Blue, Green), resemblance to another animal (Sparrow, Hawk, Jay, Squirrel, Lion, Tiger, Dove, Eagle, Crow, Mouse, Toad), disabilities (Tornear, One-eye, Crookedjaw, Brokentail, Halftail, Deadfoot), anything occurring in their natural surroundings (Leaf, Holly, Breeze, Moss, Stone, Storm, Bramble, Fern, Rain, Cloud, Echo, Thorn, Sky, Sun, Feather, Sage), or sometimes passed down from a family member (Tigerstar and Tigerheart, or Whitewing and Dovewing). The first name serves as the first half of the character's name, to be followed by a "suffix" name based on the character's position within the Clan. Kittens are given the suffix of -kit, while apprentices are given -paw. When the character reaches warrior status, the Clan leader selects a new suffix name for them based on another trait such as personality (-heart), appearance (-foot, -fur, -pelt, -claw, -stripe, -face, -nose, -tail, -ear, -fang, -whisker), in one case, choosing the suffix in honor of a previously fallen warrior, (-feather) or more recently, environmental condition or location (-pool, -shine, -frost, -blaze, -storm, -flower, -stream, -brook, -Willow, -Dust), or an act of doing something, (-flight, -leap, -step). All Clan leaders take the suffix -star and deputies retain their warrior name until made leader. An interesting side note is that warriors mentored by the current leader seem to have a better chance of becoming the next leader (Examples: Fireheart - mentored by Bluestar, Brambleclaw (mentored by Firestar), Brokentail (mentored by Raggedstar), or Bluefur (mentored by Sunstar).
A small tortoiseshell and white she-cat, Cherrytail was a former kittypet named Cherry, and teased Skywatcher for his strange behaviors, but later learns she is a SkyClan cat and becomes Cherrypaw, mentored by Sharpclaw. At the end of "Firestar's Quest" she receives her warrior name, and mentors Rockshade. She is the sister of Sparrowpelt. She is very brave, excitable, and lively.
Beyond the teachings of the early Church Fathers, the growth of Mariology over the centuries has been shaped by the interplay not only of theologians but also of three other forces:
Morphological parsing
Biography.

