As Chief Justice, Roberts also serves in a variety of non-judicial roles, including Chancellor of the Smithsonian Institution and leading the Judicial Conference of the United States. Perhaps the best known of these is the custom of the Chief Justice administering the oath of office at Presidential inaugurations. Roberts debuted in this capacity at the inauguration of Barack Obama on January 20, 2009. (As a Senator, Obama had voted against Roberts's confirmation to the Supreme Court, making the event doubly a first: the first time a president was sworn in by someone whose confirmation he opposed.) Things did not go smoothly. According to columnist Jeffrey Toobin:
On March 12, 2007, after a 10 year career, they announced via a MySpace bulletin that they were going on an indefinite hiatus.

Paisa Region
Dir: Indhu Rubasingham
In 1912 the first Cooperative Safety Congress was held in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The event was sponsored by the Association of Iron and Steel Electrical Engineers. The approximately 200 attendees, representing industry and government, resolved to “organize and create a permanent body devoted to the promotion of the safety to human life in the industries of the United States.
The Princeton City School District was established in 1955, combining Cresentville, Evendale, Sharonville, Glendale, Stewart, Runyan, Woodlawn and Springdale School Districts. Only Sharonville and Glendale had high schools. 3 years after the merger of the 8 districts, a kind donation of land from Marianna Matthews allowed the building of Princeton High School, the current building that stands on Chester Road in Sharonville. The auditorium was named after the Matthews in honor of their donation. The current middle school, Princeton Community Middle School, was then built. All new elementary schools were built by the end of January 2008 for each city/village and the 2009 bond levy passage is allowing a new high school/middle school to be built on the current site of the middle school. That building is projected to open for the 2013-2014 school year.
Penicillin's song "Romance" was covered by And on the compilation "Crush! -90's V-Rock Best Hit Cover Songs-". The album was released on January 26, 2011 and features current visual kei bands covering songs from bands that were important to the '90s visual kei movement. It was also covered by Jui for the similar album "Counteraction - V-Rock covered Visual Anime songs Compilation-", which was released on May 23, 2012 and features covers of songs by visual kei bands that were used in anime.
<doc id="1929841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1929841" title="Judenplatz">
