Since 2006 Kunming Trust has been one of many to be targeted by the financial authorities to bolster China's trust companies, which were hit over the past decade by a series of bankruptcies and scandals.
Hazem Nuseibeh, the news editor of the Palestine Broadcasting Service at the time of the attack, gave an interview to the BBC in 1998. He spoke about a discussion he had with Hussayn Khalidi, the deputy chairman of the Higher Arab Executive in Jerusalem, shortly after the killings: "I asked Dr. Khalidi how we should cover the story. He said, 'We must make the most of this.' So he wrote a press release, stating that at Deir Yassin, children were murdered, pregnant women were raped, all sorts of atrocities." Gelber writes that Khalidi told journalists on April 11 that the village's dead included 25 pregnant women, 52 mothers of babies, and 60 girls.
Like his postmodern intellectual mentors, the poststructuralist philosophers Jacques Derrida and Michel Foucault, Said was fascinated by how the people of the Western world perceive the peoples of and the things from a different culture, and by the effects of society, politics, and power upon literature; thus is Edward W. Said a founding intellectual of post-colonial criticism. Although the critique of Orientalism is his especially important cultural contribution, it was the critical interpretations of Conrad, Jane Austen, Rudyard Kipling, W. B. Yeats and other writers that established his intellectual reputation.
Yogev Ohayon (; born April 24, 1987) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Super League. He also represents the Israel national basketball team in the international competitions. Standing at , he plays at the point guard position.
It is a H4 type ordinary chondrite with a well-developed chondritic structure. Chemical analysis reported: olivine Fa18.3 and pyroxene Fs16.4.
Pamphilus the Theologian
Uhuru Kenyatta is the current President of the Republic of Kenya. He was indicted on 8 March 2011 on five counts of crimes against humanity with regard to the situation in the Republic of Kenya. Kenyatta, as a supporter of Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki, is alleged to have planned, financed, and coordinated the violence perpetrated against the perceived supporters of the Orange Democratic Movement, the political party of the President's rival, during post-election violence from 27 December 2007 to 29 February 2008. Kenyatta is alleged to have "had control over the Mungiki organization" and directed it to conduct murders, deportations, rapes and other forms of sexual violence, persecutions, and other inhumane acts against civilians in the towns of Kibera, Kisumu, Naivasha, and Nakuru. Kenyatta was summoned to appear before the Court on 8 April 2011 and the confirmation of charges hearing was held from 21 September 2011 to 5 October 2011, in conjunction with the cases against Mohammed Ali and Francis Muthaura. All the charges against Kenyatta were confirmed by Pre-Trial Chamber II on 23 January 2012.
He also invented the Fogarty Clamp, which is used in cardiac surgeries.
<doc id="18249827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18249827" title="Conrad Victor Ankarcrona">
