
Shortly after moving to New York City, he became director of the "Arbeter Ordn Shuln", and helped set up a nationwide network of these schools, reaching a peak number of 140. Best described as supplemental schools, they aimed at promoting Yiddish identity, as well as inculcating the concepts of class consciousness and social justice. Goldberg saw two function of the "shuln"; "to revolutionize Yiddish education and to separate religion from education for the first time in Jewish history; and on the other hand to ensure that progressive secularism is carried forward from generation to generation." For decades beginning in the 1920s, including two as director, he was associated with Camp Kinderland, known as a red diaper baby camp. From 1937 to 1951, he was national school and cultural director of the Jewish People's Fraternal Order, a branch of the pro-Communist International Workers Order. At its peak after World War II the JPFO had 50,000 members. When the IWO was about to be liquidated during the Red Scare in 1954 by the Department of Insurance of New York State (IWO was a fiscally sound fraternal benefit insurance company with close 200,000 members in its peak years, 1946–1947), Itche withdrew the Yiddish shules from the JPFO in order to preserve them, creating the independent Service Bureau for Jewish Education so that the schools could continue to function. In the anti-left atmosphere of the period, this effort was only partially successful.

Elected as a member of the Republican Party to the Forty-first Congress, Tillman served from March 4, 1869 to March 3, 1871, but was not a candidate for renominaton in 1870. He returned to agricultural pursuits.
Description.
David Douglas School District No. 40 is a school district in eastern Portland, Oregon, United States. Its administrative offices are at 1500 Southeast 130th Avenue.
It's About Time (John Denver album)
Emancipation and adoption.

Tsinghua University professor Patrick Chovanec has speculated that the Chinese ban on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube may have been done in part to grant a business advantage to the websites' Chinese competitors. Similarly, China has been accused of using a double standard in attacking Google for "obscene" content that is also present on Chinese competitor Baidu.
