
Another type of syndemic relationship involves one disease enhancing the virulence of another. There is evidence, for example, that herpesvirus has this effect on HIV infection, with progression to AIDS being significantly accelerated by co-infection with herpesvirus. Similarly, in gum infection, periodontal bacteria may enhance the virulence of herpesvirus. In addition, HIV-infected individuals are more susceptible to tuberculosis even though the cause is not fully understood.
<doc id="2697420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2697420" title="Charles Stanley Reinhart">
Magic Realm is a fantasy adventure board game designed by Richard Hamblen and published by Avalon Hill in 1979. "Magic Realm" is more complex than many wargames and is somewhat similar to a role-playing game. It can be played solitaire or with up to 16 players and game time can last 4 hours or more. The game board is a type of geomorphic mapboard constructed of large double-sided hexagon tiles, ensuring a wide variety of playing surfaces.
The central amphitheatre of Dilijan is the venue of many summer festivals and cultural events.
The name "Marathonisi" translates to "fennel-island", as the herb fennel it was naturally growing on this island.
The historic campus comprises buildings dating from the early 20th century to early 21st century, many constructed in the California mission architectural tradition. St. Clare Hall constructed in 1929 was the first building erected and once served as St. Clare Academy, the high school for the Sisters of St. Francis who were in formation. Duns Scotus Library is housed in St. Clare Hall. Other buildings of note located on the Sisters’ historic grounds include the Franciscan Center, Lourdes Hall, Mother Adelaide Hall, the Portiuncula, Our Lady Queen of Peace Chapel and St. Francis Hall. The two buildings built in the 21st century are Delp and Russell J. Ebeid Hall which were constructed with an eye toward being environmentally-sustainable and green-friendly.
Bennett was born on 28 October 1970 in Hamilton. He attended St John's College, Hamilton before gaining an LLB and a BCA from Victoria University of Wellington. Bennett owns two dairy farms near Te Awamutu, and has also worked as an accountant for KPMG, in Auckland.
Hotel Yorba

Tropical Depression 04W formed on June 19 near Palau where it moved westward and strengthened into Tropical Storm Chebi six hours later. Chebi then moved generally west-northwest and then to the northwest as the tropical storm passed north of the Philippines on June 21 and entered the Luzon Strait on June 23 as a Category 1 typhoon. Later on the 23rd Chebi reached a peak intensity of 85 knots (160 km/h, 100 mph) as the center of the storm was south of Taiwan. A trough forced Chebi west and northwest where it made landfall near Fuzhou City, China. Chebi then weakened and accelerated to the north then northeast, passing southeast of Shanghai before exiting back out to sea. The JMA and other weather centers stopped issuing advisories when the remnants of Chebi dissipated in the eastern Pacific on June 30.
Vanguard was the first integrated school in Marion County.
Musketoons had a brass or iron barrel, and used a wheellock, flintlock or caplock mechanism firing mechanism, like the typical musket of the period. They were fired from the shoulder like the musket, but the shorter length (barrels were as short as a foot (30 cm) long) made them easier to handle for those in restricted conditions, such as mounted cavalry and naval boarding parties.
Matsura candidly disclosed that he suffered from tuberculosis, but Okanogan was profoundly shocked when he died suddenly on June 16, 1913 at the age of only 39. Matsura was a respected and beloved figure in this frontier region that he documented with his camera. His funeral attracted more than three hundred Native American and pioneer mourners. A newspaper article which appeared in the June 20, 1913 edition of the "Okanogan Independent" states in part:
Use as leavening agent.
Roland, a Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania native who graduated from California State University, Long Beach in 1964, began his broadcasting career in the 1960s. His first major assignment was for NBC News in Los Angeles in 1966. From there, he was hired as a reporter by KTTV, where he covered the Robert F. Kennedy assassination and the Charles Manson trial, and then went to sister station WNEW-TV (now WNYW) in New York City beginning in December, 1969. He remained with channel 5 for the remainder of his broadcasting career.
Alan Trachtenberg
! 3045
"Trailerhead: Nu Epiq".
Junior career.
Wilmot-Horton is best remembered for advocating that poor British and Irish families should be allowed to emigrate to the colonies and be granted land there, and was mainly responsible in securing two parliamentary grants in 1823 and 1825 to fund an experiment where poor Irish families settled in Canada. He managed to establish a parliamentary committee on emigration and served as its chairman between 1826 and 1827. In this position he pushed for a plan where so called paupers gave up their rights to parish maintenance in return for grants of land in the colonies. However, the plans were dropped after Wilmot-Horton left the Colonial Office in 1827. 
John Phelps was given instructions for "matting the room in which they were to meet, and for fitting it up so that it might be very warm. At a later period Henry Scobell, clerk of Parliament, was required to deliver to John Phelps all papers and books returned from Scotland touching delinquents and sequestrations."
In 1984, covered the first Olympic marathon that women were allowed to participate when Joan Benoit Samuelson came into the Olympic Stadium ahead of the field and surprising media to win gold.
Lamin Thos. (and wharfinger)
