WAM or Wam may refer to:
Diana's reactions.
Upon sectorisation in 1982, three passenger sectors were created: InterCity, operating principal express services; London & South East (renamed Network SouthEast in 1986) operating commuter services in the London area; and Provincial (renamed Regional Railways in 1989) responsible for all other passenger services. In the metropolitan counties local services were managed by the Passenger Transport Executives.
Guingamp.
Walford is also home to Walford General Hospital, Walford Primary School, Walford High School and Walford Town Football Club and Walford College. Diggory Passage is another road whose sign is seen in promotional videos for "".
He was one of three LibDem MSPs (along with Donald Gorrie and John Farquhar Munro) to oppose the coalition with the Labour Party in the Scottish Parliament in 1999; and was alone in his LibDem colleagues in not backing Donald Dewar for First Minister (he abstained from the vote) that year.
The full translation of Lu Yuegang's Open Letter are in the following websites:
Uncle Georges Caillau is a European scholar, archaeologist and ethnologist. He adopted Khena while on an archaeological dig in Peru. He refrains from space travelling if he can avoid it and finds journeys back in time a bit nerve-racking. Although a very decent man he is quick-tempered at times, and especially finds his son's alien friends a bit of a handful. (On one occasion the Scrameustache unintentionally produced a clone of himself: "As if one wasn't enough !" groaned Uncle Georges.)
Collected editions.
The break with the CPC (M-L) led to the MLP beginning a reassessment of its politics, partially in an attempt to draw other anti-revisionists towards it, as many groups claiming anti-revisionism were moving to the right-wing. By the late 1980s the MLP had come to the conclusion that anti-revisionism meant that they had to reject the traditional support of the communist movement's positions from the time of the 1935 Congress of the Comintern onwards. This decision, however, led to an ideological impasse in the MLP, and at its fifth Congress in November 1993 it voted to dissolve itself. A number of activists in the MLP have continued work as the Communist Voice Organization.
He was born in Peoria, Illinois to a musical family. His father Frank Whiting was a real estate agent and gifted violinist and his mother Blossom was a piano teacher, together they instilled a love of music and worked towards nurturing his natural gift of piano playing. He attended the Harvard Military School in Los Angeles. Upon his graduation, Whiting started a vaudeville act with his college friend Marshall Neilan, together they briefly toured the U.S. writing songs, singing, and playing the piano. Unfortunately neither one had the stage presence or singing talent to become full-time performers. They broke up the duo and went their separate ways, Neilan to Hollywood where he would go on to be a very successful film director and actor, and Whiting to Detroit to try and jump-start a career as a professional songwriter. In 1913 Whiting began his career as a song plugger for Jerome H. Remick publishing company, within a year, he was the manager of the Detroit office, being paid US$25 per week. As an occasional talent scout, Whiting nurtured the careers of several songwriters from the day, including most notably, George Gershwin, Whiting, heard Gershwin playing one day and gave him a job as a song plugger for Remick company, this act of kindness resulted in a life-long friendship between the two powerhouse composers. To supplement his income, at the time, Whiting worked with a local hotel's Hawaiian band, playing piano in light blackface, earning him an extra $10 a week. In 1914 Whiting had his first two hit songs, "I Wonder Where My Lovin' Man Has Gone" and "It's Tulip Time in Holland" the latter song became a massive hit, selling over a million copies, Whiting however received none of the royalties, having sold off the publishing to Remick in exchange for a Steinway Grand. During his time at Remick Whiting had a substantial output, mostly with former bank-clerk, Ray Egan including the beloved classic, "Till We Meet Again" published in 1918. The song quickly became the largest sheet music seller of all-time, even today. At last count the song was said to have sold over 11 million copies. Other hit songs by Whiting, while he was working at Remick, include "Where the Black-Eyed Susans Grow", "The Japanese Sandman", "Bimini Bay" (Lyrics by Egan and Gus Kahn), "Ain't We Got Fun?" (Lyrics by Egan and Kahn]]) and "Ukulele Lady" (Lyrics by Kahn). 
2006 FIFA World Cup qualification.
Chamberlin used Neumann U 47 microphones to record the sounds. The sounds are characterized by a very clean output and heavy vibrato, which was customary of the music styles of the time. The Chamberlin sounds have little compression and possess dynamics true to the instruments recorded on the tapes (such as the air in the flute, or the flow in of the strings). The Chamberlin instruments were designed to accurately replicate the sound of the instrument recorded on the tape. They were also meant to be physically set in one place and not moved around. Because of this, there was less attention paid to making the instrument robust and many early Chamberlins have no internal chassis and are prone to go out of adjustment.
The second administrative reform of 1719 was carried out by Peter the Great in order to fix the deficiencies of the original system. On June 9 (May 29 in the Julian calendar), 1719 Peter issued an ukase (edict) that abolished the division of the governorates into "lots" (). Instead, most of the Governorates were divided into "provinces" (провинции), and provinces were further subdivided into "districts" (дистрикты). Provinces were governed by "voyevodas". The idea of the subdivision of governorates into province was borrowed from the administrative division system of Sweden and other European countries. Districts were introduced to replace the old system of subdivision into "uyezds"; however, the borders of the new districts did not match those of the old "uyezds". The purpose of the districts was also different from that of the "uyezds"—population of each district was taxed to support military units assigned to it.

The original Franco-American Food Company was founded by Alphonse Biardot, who immigrated to the United States from France in 1880. In 1886, he and his two sons opened a commercial kitchen in Jersey City, New Jersey, featuring the foods of his native country. The company proved a success, particularly with its line of canned soup and pasta, and it was acquired by Campbell's in 1915.

Suggested in 1919, the centrifugal process was first successfully performed in 1934. American scientist Jesse Beams and his team at the University of Virginia developed the process by separating two chlorine isotopes through a vacuum ultracentrifuge. It was one of the initial isotopic separation means pursued during the "Manhattan Project", but research was discontinued in 1944 as it was felt that the method would not produce results by the end of the war, and that other means of uranium enrichment (gaseous diffusion and electromagnetic separation) had a better chance of success in the short term. This method was successfully used in the Soviet nuclear program, making the Soviet Union the most effective supplier of enriched uranium.
