
The ministry is headed by the minister aided by one first deputy and three deputy ministers. The First Deputy oversees Tax Policy and Strategic Research Department. Main functions of the ministry include improvement of economy regulation structure, increasing efficiency in collection of taxes and their proper use, accounting of the financial means being transferred to the national vudget; investigation and inspection of irregularities in collection of taxes; implementation of audits in taxpaying enterprises; protection of rights of the taxpaying entities and individuals. In 2007, the ministry introduced its online collection page under State Tax Administration Improvement Program due to high economic growth with number of businesses growing rapidly for the last few years.
2nd marriage: Aloisia de Luna, Duchess of Bivona, deceased 1619; kids by 2nd marriage:
Belgian weather experts and state authorities described the flooding in that country as the worst in 50 years. The national weather service said Belgium had as much rainfall in two days (13th and 14th) as it normally gets in a month. Belgium was badly flooded and Liège was cut off on the 14th. The flood defences failed in places.
Sir Edward Hales, 3rd Baronet
In 2003, Pollard made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship for Bedfordshire against Cumberland. From 2003 to 2006, he represented the county in 13 Championship matches, the last of which came against Norfolk. Pollard played for the county in 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches against Suffolk in 2003 and Herefordshire in 2005.

Vandenberg worked for the rest of his life as a public relations consultant.
The related term Thraco-Dacology also exists, alluding to Thraco-Dacian, and one of the first uses is also from around 1980, in the Romanian government archive.
El Tiburón.
Cape Verde.
A cellular biologist turned university administrator, she previously held senior management positions at the University of Western Australia and Curtin University as Deputy Vice-Chancellor.
