The suburb, named after Albany's first Government Resident Sir Richard Spencer RN and gazetted in 1954, is bounded by Ulster Road to the west and north, Collingwood Road to the southeast and North Road to the south. There are two housing estates in Spencer Park. Woodrise And Breaksea Estate. Woodrise is located in the southwest corner and Breaksea Estate is located in the northeast corner
Leaders.
On the evening of February 2, 2008, less than 24 hours before the kickoff of Super Bowl XLII, Tempe Town Lake filled with nearly 50,000 excited fans for the first annual Super Bowl Saturday Night. Scott was the Executive Producer of Super Bowl Saturday Night, which the NFL likened to a New Year’s Eve-style event. The NFL celebrated the count down to the Super Bowl in style with host Jerry O'Connell, Boston pop punk sensation, Boys Like Girls, the Counting Crows and a fireworks spectacular that light up the night sky.

Neil Blaney lost his seat to Ray MacSharry of Fianna Fáil.
The seven-ball had to be called before being pocketed. Failing to call it or calling a pocket other than where it really went would result of the seven-ball being re-spotted and player at the table loses his turn. Also, winning by pocketing the seven-ball wasn't permitted.
Administrative divisions.
Choanephora infundibulifera
<doc id="11322712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11322712" title="Fancy Footwork">
The brigade had its own shoulder patch which was most recently worn in 2006–2007. The shoulder sleeve insignia depicted Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson mounted on his horse, a reference to the 116th's lineage as the Stonewall Brigade. The shoulder sleeve insignia was originally approved for the 116th Infantry Brigade on 26 May 1978. The patch's nickname is "Stony on a Pony." When the 29th Infantry Division was reactivated in 1985, the brigade was assigned to the division and began wearing the division shoulder patch. Following the Army's reorganization of combat divisions in 2005 into brigade-centric units, ARNG brigades within divisions began wearing brigade patches as Department of the Army policy. The 116th BCT has returned to wearing the division shoulder patch 1 April 2007.
The Grixona fleet includes the following aircraft (at March 2007):
