The Norman yoke refers to the oppressive aspects of feudalism in England attributed to the impositions of William the Conqueror, his retainers and their descendants. The term was used in English nationalist discourse in the mid-17th century.
In 1813, Morelos called the National Constituent Congress of Chilpancingo, composed of representatives of the provinces under his control, to consider a political and social program which he outlined in a document entitled "Sentimientos de la Nación" (Sentiments of the Nation). The Congress called itself the Congress of Anáhuac, referring poetically to the ancient Aztecs.
Presumably there was a vexillation in Alkofen and Regensburg Kumpfmuehl.
We randomly select an "a" < "n" of 17. Now we compute:
William Lloyd Garrison, one of the most influential American abolitionists, began publishing "The Liberator" in January 1831 not long after the "Appeal" as published. Early weekly editions of Garrison's newspaper focused on Walker's pamphlet. Garrison, who believed slaveowners would be punished by God, rejected the violence Walker advocated but recognized that slaveowners were courting disaster by refusing to free their slaves. "Every sentence that they write — every word that they speak — every resistance that they make, against foreign oppression, is a call upon their slaves to destroy them," Garrison wrote.
East Ham is also the name of a parliamentary House of Commons constituency East Ham, which covers East Ham and neighbouring areas. The current Member of Parliament is Stephen Timms.

Other, less literary, terms have included "male trend" (男風 Pinyin: nánfēng), "allied brothers" (香火兄弟 Pinyin: xiānghuǒ xiōngdì), and "the passion of Longyang" (龍陽癖 Pinyin: lóngyángpǐ), referencing a homoerotic anecdote about Lord Long Yang in the Warring States period. The formal modern word for "homosexuality/homosexual(s)" is "tongxinglian" (同性戀, Pinyin: tóngxìngliàn, literally "same-sex relations/love") or "tongxinglian zhe" (同性戀者, Pinyin: tóngxìngliàn zhě, homosexual people). Instead of that formal word, "tongzhi" (同志 Pinyin: tóngzhì), simply a head rhyme word, is more commonly used in the gay community. "Tongzhi" (literally, 'comrade'; sometimes along with "nü tongzhi", literally "female comrade", 女同志 Pinyin: nǚ tóngzhì), which was first adopted by Hong Kong researchers in Gender Studies, is used as slang in Mandarin Chinese to refer to homosexuals. Such usage is seen in Taiwan. However, in Mainland China, "tongzhi" is used both in the context of the traditional "comrade" sense (e.g., used in speeches by Communist Party officials) and to refer to homosexuals. In Cantonese, "gei1" (基), adopted from English "gay", is used. "Gay" is sometimes considered to be offensive when used by heterosexuals or even by homosexuals in certain situations. Another slang term is "boli" (玻璃, Pinyin: bōli, crystal or glass), which is not so commonly used. Among gay university students, the acronym ""datong"" (大同, Pinyin: dàtóng, literally "great togetherness"), which also refers to utopia, in Chinese is becoming popular. "Datong" is short for "daxuesheng tongzhi" (university students are homosexuals).
England
Barracudinas are about 50 species of marine fishes of the family Paralepididae, found almost worldwide in deep waters. 
Beijing
Henry Ford built his first car in 1896 and worked as a pioneer in the industry, with others who would eventually form their own companies, until the founding of Ford Motor Company in 1903. Ford and others at the company struggled with ways to scale up production in keeping with Henry Ford's vision of a car designed and manufactured on a scale so as to be affordable by the average worker. The solution that Ford Motor developed was a completely redesigned factory with machine tools and special purpose machines that were systematically positioned in the work sequence. All unnecessary human motions were eliminated by placing all work and tools within easy reach, and where practical on conveyors, forming the assembly line, the complete process being called mass production. This was the first time in history when a large, complex product consisting of 5000 parts had been produced on a scale of hundreds of thousands per year. The savings from mass production methods allowed the price of the Model T to decline from $780 in 1910 to $360 in 1916. In 1924 2 million T-Fords were produced and retailed $290 each.
Further successes followed in 2011, with a share of first place at the Philadelphia World Open and at the British Championship in Sheffield. Adams finished outright first at the Los Angeles Metropolitan International and at the European Team Championship, was awarded the gold medal for his performance on board one.
In general,
Judson completed translation of the "Grammatical Notices of the Burman Language" the following July and the "Gospel of Matthew", in 1817. Judson began public evangelism in 1818 sitting in a zayat by the roadside calling out "Ho! Everyone that thirsteth for knowledge!" The first believer was baptized in 1819, and there were 18 believers by 1822.

Currently, the elevated MRT-2 run through Marikina City. The east-end station of the line is Santolan located along Marcos Highway. The station connects to the west-end, Claro M. Recto Avenue in Manila.
Example.
Ordnance Survey National Grid
Microsoft Comic Chat (later Microsoft Chat, but not to be confused with Windows Chat, or WinChat) is a graphical IRC client created by Microsoft, first released with Internet Explorer 3.0 in 1996. Comic Chat was developed by Microsoft Researcher David Kurlander, with Microsoft Research's Virtual Worlds Group and later a group he managed in Microsoft's Internet Division.
Sales.
Masculinity and gender.
Brown ceased to be a minister when Labour lost the 1951 general election at the end of October. As with other government ministers, Brown found himself forced to rely on an inadequate parliamentary salary which led him to consider a return to being a trade union official. However, in 1953 he was hired as a consultant by the Mirror Group newspapers, enabling him to stay in politics.
Nearby.
San Martín was initiated in the Lodge of Rational Knights in 1811. They met at the house of Carlos María de Alvear, other members were José Miguel Carrera, Aldao, Blanco Encalada and other "criollos", American-born Spaniards. They agreed to return to their home countries and join the local revolutionary movements. San Martín asked for his retirement from the military, and moved to Britain. He stayed in the country for a short time, and met many other South Americans at a lodge held in a house at 28 Grafton Street. Then he sailed to Buenos Aires aboard the frigate "George Canning", along with the South Americans Alvear, Francisco José de Vera and Matías Zapiola, and the Spaniards Francisco Chilavert and Eduardo Kailitz. They arrived on March 9, 1812, to serve under the First Triumvirate.
In the late 19th and early 20th century, Paris became the birthplace of modern art, and of the cinema. Many notable artists lived and worked in Paris during the "Belle Époque", often in Montmartre where rents were low and the atmosphere congenial. Auguste Renoir rented space at "12 rue Cartot" in 1876 to paint "Bal du moulin de la Galette", showing a dance at Montmartre on a Sunday afternoon. Maurice Utrillo lived at the same address from 1906 to 1914, and Raoul Dufy shared an atelier there from 1901 to 1911. The building is now the "Musée de Montmartre". Pablo Picasso, Amedeo Modigliani and other artists lived and worked in a building called "Le Bateau-Lavoir" during the years 1904–1909. Picasso painted one of his most important masterpieces, "Les Demoiselles d'Avignon", there. Several noted composers, including Erik Satie, lived in the neighbourhood. Most of the artists left after the outbreak of World War I, the majority of them going to the Montparnasse quarter.
Cultural development.
In his southern expansion Arnulf inevitably had conflict with the Normans, who were trying to secure their northern frontier. This led to the 942 murder of the Duke of Normandy, William Longsword, at the hands of Arnulf's men. The Viking threat was receding during the later years of Arnulf's life, and he turned his attentions to the reform of the Flemish government.
Sackville grew in importance as a railway junction after Canadian National Railways established a dedicated railcar ferry service at Cape Tormentine in 1917. The Sackville railway yard and station were constantly busy until the opening of publicly funded highways following World War II started a slow decline. The abandonment of the Prince Edward Island Railway in 1989 saw the line to Cape Tormentine removed at the same time as the Trans-Canada Highway was being expanded to a 4-lane freeway. As the railway consolidated to a single mainline running through town, businesses left, including offices of Atlantic Wholesalers.
