David Owen (?December 1796 - 16 January 1866, known by the pseudonym Brutus, was a Welsh satirical writer, editor and preacher.
Border Railways Act 1922

Swynnerton Plan
Mouquet has composed and produced for different artists such as Josh Groban (Closer), (Awake), Ana Torroja (Mecano), Mell (Japan), Chitose Hajime (Japan), Sa Dingding (Deep China).
On the same day Staunton wrote in his column in the "Illustrated London News":
The modern Guardians team is the second to operate under the name, following the original team created by Arnold Drake and Gene Colan in 1969. These Guardians first appeared in "Guardians of the Galaxy" (vol. 2) #1 (May 2008). A feature film based on this team was released in 2014.
The IIHF Centennial All-Star Team is an all-star team of hockey players from international ice hockey tournaments. The selection was organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation and named in 2008. The panel comprised 56 ice hockey experts from 16 countries representing a balance between North American and European countries, and included people who have worked in the game for an extended period and whose opinions are widely respected. One of the 56 votes represented the collective opinion of the staff of The Hockey News. No single voter's entire selection was the same as the final team.
book of poems published during the preceding calendar year. The award acknowledges that Maurice English's first volume of poetry, "Midnight in the Century", was published in his 55th year. The award carries an honorarium of $3,000 and a request for a public reading in Philadelphia. The award was first given in 1985 to Jane Cooper for "Scaffolding: New and Selected Poems" (1985).
This remained until the 1970s, when in conjunction with the City Loop project, the existing viaduct tracks were made part of four independent loops around the Melbourne CBD. An additional bridge was built alongside, 722 metres long with precast concrete box girders, each girder carrying a single rail track, with each span 30 to 35 metres long, the new bridge taking a straighter path because the turning basin had been filled in. Work begun in December 1975, with the new bridge opened in December 1978. Work then begun on rehabilitating and upgrading the existing bridge, with two tracks being taken out of use at a time. The new bridge was signalled for a trains travelling in a single direction on each line, but the four tracks on the older viaduct were resignalled for bidirectional use, as the operation of the City Loop would be reversed between morning and after peaks.
HSwMS "Helsingborg" is a Swedish . She was ordered by the Swedish Government in 1995 and is the second ship of the class built by Kockums. She has been in active service with the 31st Corvette Squadron, 3rd Naval Warfare Flottilla since 19 December 2009.
Chris Wood (golfer)
Tsugaru Yukitsugu
<doc id="18513562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513562" title="Boulting v Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians">
<doc id="18513940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18513940" title="Jon Lajoie">
On October 12, 2011, CIOG-FM applied to the CRTC to increase power from 50 watts to 250 watts on both 91.3 and 92.5; the transmitter site for 91.3 will be relocated under the proposal.
Council of Chalcedon.
The station is located close by Jean-Jacques Bosc boulevard, in Bègles
As of February 2013, 126 active states have ratified or acceded to the treaty, most recently Montenegro on 3 June 2006. A further 10 states have signed but not ratified the treaty. The instrument of ratification, accession, or succession is deposited at the respective capitals of the principal states of the treaty: Moscow, London, and Washington, D.C..
<doc id="18516097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516097" title="Policarpio Calizaya">
Robert Leon Wilkie is an American lawyer who served as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs. An intelligence officer in the United States Naval Reserve, he was nominated for the position by U.S. President George W. Bush on June 20, 2006, and his appointment was approved by the Senate on September 30, 2006. He currently lives in Arlington, Virginia, with his wife and two children and now works at CH2M Hill.
Near Negraşi is situated "Poiana cu Narcise Negraşi" (Negraşi Daffodil Meadow), a natural reservation.

<doc id="18516758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18516758" title="Krasin (1917 icebreaker)">
Mitsubishi's new clean diesel engines use a high-pressure common rail injection system to improve combustion efficiency. The "4N13" 1.8-liter uses solenoid fuel-injectors. The larger "4N14" 2.3-liter engine uses piezo fuel-injectors that produce a finer fuel spray. Both engines feature a fast ceramic glowplug system. The engines are designed to operate at a lower compression ratio, thus lowering the combustion pressure, allowing the use of an aluminium cylinder block that reduces weight.

Daniela Rhodes has made many fundamental contributions to understanding the structure and function of nucleic acids and their biologically important interactions with many different proteins. Her work combines biochemical analyses with direct structural determination. She determined the structures of a number of important protein-DNA complexes involved in transcription, such as zinc-fingers and nuclear hormone receptors. She has provided some of the first structural information on telomeric proteins, such as yeast Rap1p and human TRF1 and TRF2 and their complexes with DNA. Throughout her career she has made many contributions to the understanding of chromatin structure and function. She was involved in determining the structure of the nucleosome core particle, has worked on transcriptionally active chromatin and more recently on the higher order 30nm structure of chromatin. Her research continues to focus on understanding how the structure of chromatin is involved in transcriptional regulation and how telomeres are involved in preserving chromosome integrity.
The property was subsequently sold to Dr. Thomas White for $500. In 1858, Dr. White conveyed the "Old Mill Site" to his daughter Fannie Kewen; she and her husband, Col. E. J. C. Kewen, both lived there for 20 years. The Kewens added onto the building, installing French windows, a front portico, and a small plaza. Col. Kewen has been described as "old-time Southern gentleman" and "one of the most courteous and politely-polished men California has ever seen." There are many accounts of parties hosted by the Kewens at the Old Mill and of their "prodigal hospitality" and "gracious style of living". It was said that "the gallant and gay gathered from miles 'round, listened to the twanging of the guitar and the jolly click of the castenets, and through it all danced gay dances on the floors that once had echoed the quiet footfall of the priest." In 1879, the Kewens defaulted on a mortgage, and the property was foreclosed on by J. Edward Hollenbeck. Hollenbeck sold the property to Edward Mayberry in 1881, who used the structure as housing for his ranch superintendent.
His early roots sprang from gospel, funk, and rock. As The One grew as an artist, he expanded his skills experimenting with other genres of music such as pop, jazz, psychedelia, trip hop, and a slanted version of country.
1983: "Auspicious symbols and luminous colours: the art and architecture of Bhutan" in Asian Culture, Bulletin of the Asian Cultural Centre for UNESCO, n° 35, 30-35.
First Fairmount, "James Dean Garfield" was unveiled in July 2006. He is dressed in "cool" attire, sporting an open-button collar and denim jeans, placed outside the Fairmount Historical Museum. In tribute to Van Buren, dubbed "the Popcorn Capital of the World", "Popcorn Eating Garfield" was unveiled during the August, 2006 Popcorn Festival. Garfield is dressed in the athletic uniform of the now-defunct Van Buren High School "Aces." In Sweetser, "College-bound Garfield" was unveiled in October 2006; the statue is located along the popular Sweetser Switch Trail after money was raised by the Sweetser Lions Club. This one is in place in front of the train. The status was vandalized when its lower left arm was cut off, but was repaired by summer 2007.
Vagharshapat is the largest satellite-city of Yerevan and the 4th largest in Armenia by population. Its is located to the east of Yerevan in the basin of Kasagh River, in the northeastern extremity of Ararat plain. It is very close to the Zvartnots International Airport.
Arriflex 416 is a motion picture camera product line created by Arri in 2006. This camera line was introduced in large part to accommodate new lenses of larger diameter which physically interfered with the Arri 16 SR 3 viewfinder. The 416 camera series is designed for 16mm filmmaking in the Super 16 format. The 416 series has some features that are derived from Arri's 35mm cameras. The 416 series is compatible with some 35mm camera accessories, such as PL-mount lenses, base plates, matte boxes, follow focus units, etc.
South Main Residential Historic District.

Brampton Stallions 5, North York Astros 0<br>
China is now adding sulfur dioxide reducing technology to its power plants. It has been argued that the release of sulfur dioxide from burning coal has slowed global warming and has caused 4,698.3 deaths in the past decade. 
Hood (surname)
