
Realizing the need for more dedicated attack aircraft the Air Force combed its inventory and looked to invest in new types. It found itself with an odd selection of obsolete, new, and experimental aircraft, and grasped for immediate solutions. To try and coordinate this effort, a task force was established by Lt. General James Ferguson, then Deputy Chief of Staff for Research and Development. Dubbed Operation Shed Light, it began on 7 February 1966 as a means of coordinating a wide variety of technological and other projects and programs that were being pursued in order to improve the United State Air Force’s night fighting capabilities. Outlined in the Task Force’s charter as of April were the following: 
KYFS (90.9 FM) is a radio station serving the San Antonio, Texas, area with a religious radio format. It is a Bible Broadcasting Network (BBN) Owned-and-operated station.
World War II service.
He first visited "Na Blascaodaí" (the Blasket Islands) off the west coast of Ireland in 1923. Mac Tomáis, as he quickly became known to the islanders, had attended rudimentary Irish classes at a Conradh na Gaeilge branch in London before he went to Cambridge. When he arrived on the island, he immersed himself in the language. In six weeks of walking around, talking with Muiris Ó Súilleabháin and others, Mac Tomáis achieved near complete fluency in the language.
The tornado touched down north of the Trans-Canada Highway around 6:30 PM CDT (2330 UTC) and slowly moved southeast where it picked up a tractor-trailer before it headed south and severely damaged the town's flour mill causing over $1 million in damage. It then headed southeast towards Elie, where it destroyed four houses, flipped cars, and even tossed one homeowner's Chrysler Fifth Avenue onto a neighbour's roof. The tornado lingered over the same area of Elie for approximately four minutes before it cut sharply to the south and rapidly dissipated. The tornado traveled about and was wide at its widest during its 40-minute lifespan. The tornado repeatedly struck essentially the same area of town, destroying most of the structures and vehicles in the area. The people in Elie were prepared and took the necessary precautions during the event. A video of the tornado shows an entire two-story home swiped off its foundation and tossed in the air before rotating around the tornado and then being obliterated. Also seen on the video was a 3/4 ton GM van filled with drywall picked up and tossed hundreds of feet. At least 3 houses are seen being destroyed on the video, with many more being damaged as well as vehicles, and the mill is seen being damaged, with bins and roofs being destroyed there.
<doc id="13332599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13332599" title="Louis Auguste Carrier">
Billy is an environmental educator and mentor. Billy has worked with traditional Native Americans and in Inuit communities. He has studied tracking and spiritual teaching and the teachings of deep ecology.
"Develin" was launched by the Gibbs Gas Engine Co., Jacksonville, Florida, on 10 April 1941. 
USS Lorikeet
Notes
The music video for the song was shot in December 2007 in one day in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York. It was directed by Bernard Gourley. The video is M.I.A.'s first filmed in the United States. Initially planned to be shot in a factory on the border of Ecuador, the filming location was changed to accommodate M.I.A.'s time constraints due to touring commitments in the United States. The video was filmed during one day in the city, which she had free on the American leg of her KALA Tour after 4 months of concerts. It was made available on MTV's website on 15 December 2007. The video for "Paper Planes" was uploaded on M.I.A.'s personal "worldtown" YouTube account on 16 December 2007, eventually gaining 43,500,000 views. The video was to have premiered on "Total Request Live". The video was uploaded onto M.I.A.'s official YouTube page (via VEVO) on 16 June 2009, amassing 40,000,000 views. "Paper Planes" video debuted on 17 December 2007 on video chart programs where it proved successful. It peaked at number 1 on "MuchOnDemand"'s Daily Ten and number 1 on "Total Request Live". It appeared at Number 56 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2008" countdown.
Both races consisted of a standing start and a distance of or 45 minutes in duration.
Charlie is also at the function and, when his secretary Dani comes, Hank notices something is going on. Hank also finds Todd Carr, who tells him he's not going to hit him again since Hank's affair with his wife convinced him to divorce her. Karen has trouble with a man that calls her a "cunt", but Bill prevents her from retaliating. Meredith introduces Hank to Jonathan Mandel and his wife Nikki, who Hank later learns is the married man Meredith is having an affair with. Hank tells her he doesn't mind, that he just wants to be warned and, if she wants chaos, he'll create chaos for her. 
Dede (religious figure)
The work system concept is like a common denominator for many of the types of systems that operate within or across organizations. Operational information systems, service systems, projects, supply chains, and ecommerce web sites can all be viewed as special cases of work systems. 
Bogdan Bălan (born 11 February 1979 in Brăila, Romania) is a Romanian rugby union footballer. He is currently playing professionally for Lyon in the Top 14. He plays at prop and also plays for Romania after making his debut in 2003; including getting selected for Romania's 2007 Rugby World Cup squad.
Geography and Natural history.
Walt's wife Sherry then drives him to and from work every day, eventually landing a job working alongside her husband. Walt, however, being as he is an insecure, misogynistic, manipulating headcase, quits his own position over this incident and continues to fume over it as the weeks and months roll by. He eventually humiliates and manhandles his wife in front of their neighbors as a prelude to forcefully impregnating her with an unwanted child which she unsuccessfully threatens to abort.
