This is the combined list of different versions of the British Heavyweight Titles, each of which was probably the most significant version at the time. Each version may or may not be connected to another. However, all title changes are either actual or "official" unless indicated otherwise.
Immigration, re-impoverishment, first commuters (late 18th to early 20th century).
According to Robert Bittlestone's 2005 book "Odysseus Unbound", Paliki was Homer's Ithaca, the home of Odysseus, the central figure in the Odyssey of Homer.
Background.
Use.
In the 2007–08 season, Matta's Buckeyes did not make the NCAA tournament. However, they won the 2008 NIT championship, despite playing with four new starters for the second consecutive year.
Seventy one men left Parkes by train on 19 January 1916. They marched from Daroobalgie to Donaghey’s Hill, and then on to Forbes, Yamma Station, Eugowra, Gooloogong, Canowindra, Billimari, Cowra, Woodstock, Lyndhurst, Carcoar, Blayney, Newbridge (to Georges Plains by train) and Perthville. They arrived in Bathurst with 202 recruits on 5 February 1916 at the same time as the Kookaburras from Tooraweenah and were given a combined reception. Each marcher was presented with a medallion in the shape of a boomerang, engraved with their name and town and the words "Come Back".
<doc id="4210630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4210630" title="Alex Gibney">

Highview
<doc id="4211239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4211239" title="Iiro Rantala">

Surrat would later serve for a time in the Ninth Company of the Pontifical Zouave in the Papal States, using the name John Watson.
Mehmed Pasha's forces met the rebels just north of Cairo. The rebels, discouraged, lost the battle, and the pasha's forces summarily executed over 250 of them, while others were later exiled to Yemen.
Pumpellyite

Stan Freberg's voice characterization for Pete Puma in a 1952 cartoon was based on Fontaine's character voice. Fontaine received mention in satirist Tom Lehrer's 1965 song "National Brotherhood Week", from the album "That Was the Year That Was". In the live show, Lehrer mentioned National Make-Fun-of-the-Handicapped Week, "Which Frank Fontaine and Jerry Lewis are in charge of, as you know." He also was the voice of Rocky the Rhino in Walt Disney's "The Jungle Book" until Disney cut the creature from the picture. He was also credited in Bobby Rydell and Chubby Checker's song "Jingle Bells Imitations", which was the flipside of their Jingle Bell Rock record.
<doc id="4212840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4212840" title="Indiana State Road 149">
George Bennard was a native of Youngstown, Ohio but was reared in Iowa. After his conversion in a Salvation Army meeting, he and his wife became brigade leaders before leaving the organization for the Methodist Church. As a Methodist evangelist, Bennard wrote the first verse of "The Old Rugged Cross" in Albion, Michigan, in the fall of 1912 as a response to ridicule which he received at a revival meeting. Bennard traveled with Ed E. Mieras from Chicago to Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin where they held evangelistic meetings at the Friends Church from December 29, 1912 to January 12, 1913. During the meetings Rev. George Bennard finished "The Old Rugged Cross" and on the last night of the meeting before a full house, Bernard and Ed Mieras it as a duet with Pearl Torstensen Berg, organist for the meeting, as accompanist. Charles H. Gabriel, a well-known gospel-song composer helped Bennard with the harmonies. The completed version was then performed on June 7th, 1913, by a choir of five, accompanied by a guitar in Pokagon, Michigan, at the First Methodist Episcopal Church of Pokagon. Published in 1915, the song was popularized during Billy Sunday evangelistic campaigns by two members of his campaign staff, Homer Rodeheaver (who bought rights to the song for $50 or $500) and Virginia Asher, who were perhaps also the first to record it in 1921. "The Old Rugged Cross" uses a sentimental popular song form with a verse/chorus pattern in time, and it speaks of the writer's Christian experience rather than his adoration of God. Bennard retired to Reed City, Michigan, and the town maintains a museum dedicated to his life and ministry. A memorial has also been created in Youngstown at Lake Park Cemetery. 

Track cycling.
However, the semi-automatic version of the AMD-65 is now legal for civilian use in most states.
KCLA
History.

Biography: Born on April 3, 1910 at Calolbon, Catanduanes. Historian and lawyer. Doctorate from the University of Santo Tomas
As part of the Australian team's preparation for the 1960 Rome Olympics, they took part in the Badminton Horse Trials, and Roycroft was the first Australian to win the individual three-day event there. At the team three-day event at the Olympics, he received a broken shoulder, a dislocated collarbone, and concussion after being thrown from his horse. He completed the cross-country section, and was then airlifted to hospital. The eventing team needed three rider–horse combinations to finish the competition, but only had two remaining (excluding Roycroft) because one of their horses was unable to ride. Consequently, Roycroft left his hospital bed against his doctors' advice to finish the event the next day, allowing his team to win the gold medal. He competed at the next four Olympics, winning bronze medals in the team events at the 1968 Mexico City and 1976 Montreal Games, alongside his son Wayne. He and Wayne were the first father–son combination to win a medal together. At the 1976 Games, he became Australia's oldest Olympic competitor at the age of 61.

Group Exhibitions
<doc id="4215536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4215536" title="Michael Raedecker">
Chinthurst Hill.
Active fire protection
E233-3000 series.

Politics.
Location.
Sealey's top flight career virtually ended within a year of this. He was playing cricket with team-mates during a rest in pre-season training, and broke his leg while falling over a wooden bench. He ended his league career playing for Plymouth Argyle in 1967, but continued playing with non-league sides Romford and Bedford Town.
He was also the narrator of the infamous Australian commercial "Grim Reaper".
The former village of Beodra was first mentioned in 1331. It was established at present-day location from 1742 to 1753 and was settled by Serbs from Potisje and Pomorišje.
Laurence Myers agreed to produce the film when the makers almost lost their financing. The film was shot entirely on location at Potters Bar in Hertfordshire, England. Michael McIntyre (the son of director Ray Cameron) reveals in his autobiography that he was the voice of E.T.
He received his primary education in a Buddhist temple school in Uthaithani and continued the Buddhist education at Wat Mahathat in Bangkok where he excelled in Buddhist studies, reaching a high stage of Prien and graduating first in the kingdom. At the age of 16 years, he received royal award from King Vajiravudh for academic excellence.
"Tha King"
Shin-Kiba Station
Industrialization of Mother Brook.
The general phonological differences of some Talysh dialects with respect to standard Persian are as follows:
Yellow background for top-10.
<doc id="4218673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4218673" title="Spatial relation">
Byrne Fone's 2008 novel "Achilles: A Love Story" portrays Achilles and Patroclus as lovers.
Wilcox attended Evergreen State College where she studied film and worked with Tobi Vail at a sandwich shop. During this time she and friends Kathleen Hanna and Vail collaborated on a feminist zine titled "Bikini Kill". The three women then enlisted guitarist Billy Karren and began a feminist punk band also called Bikini Kill. Wilcox provided vocals, bass, and drums for the band, which lasted throughout the '90s and is considered one of the definitive bands of the riot grrrl movement. Wilcox later performed with the bands the Feebles, the Frumpies, Star Sign Scorpio and collaborated with Christina Billotte and Steve Dore in the Casual Dots. She is working with her Bikini Kill bandmate Kathleen Hanna in the band the Julie Ruin.
The village is located on the Acadian Peninsula at the mouth of the Caraquet River where it empties into Caraquet Bay, roughly 10 km west of Caraquet. The Community Centres around the Intersection of Route 11 and Route 325.
The movie is mentioned heavily in the Sarah Vowell book about Hawaiian history, Unfamiliar Fishes.
An interesting anecdote has been told about Governor Hardman: Two men had been convicted of murder and sentenced to death. A third person then confessed that she and the male confederate had actually committed the fatal crime. Lawyers for the two condemned men begged Hardman for a stay of execution until the new evidence could be evaluated. The governor settled the matter by studying photographs of the two men, concluding that they were definitely criminal types, and permitting their executions.
