Michael O. Varhola (born September 24, 1966) is an author, publisher, and lecturer. He has written numerous books, games, and articles, and founded game development company and manufacturer Skirmisher Publishing LLC. He also served as the assistant editor of "The Hilltop Reporter", a weekly newspaper located in Texas Hill Country. In 1997, he married Diane Varhola. In 2003, he changed his middle name from James to Odysseus, but did not start using it publicly until 2011.

It is important to note the term Metre does not refer to the length of the yacht; it is the product of a formula and denotes the class. A Six Metre yacht can be from 10 metres to 12 metres in length.
Biography.
Ghost -
On the racetrack, AQHA offers year-end Champion awards in age and sex divisions, plus broodmare, distance horse, Canadian champion, owner, breeder, trainer, and jockey. Thus there is a champion two-year-old colt, filly and gelding plus champion two year old from the preceding. The three year old and aged categories work the same way, with the World Champion being chosen from the winners of the age and sex divisions. In addition to the year end awards, there are three lifetime awards - Race Register of Merit, Superior Race Horse and Supreme Race Horse. A Register of Merit is awarded when a horse attains a speed index of 80 or above. A Superior Race Horse is achieved when the horse earns 200 racing points. A Supreme Race Horse award requires the horse to satisfy the following three criteria - 1) win over $500,000.00 in earnings, 2) win two Grade 1 stakes races and 3) win a total of ten races.
Criticism.
Miomir Vukobratović
Moser's frames are unique among Italian racing bicycles for being fillet brazed using silver solder rather than using lugs with brass brazing; silver solder never gets hot enough to weaken the tubing and thus bicycles constructed in this manner do not need to be reinforced with lugs, thus reducing the bicycle's weight. After brazing, each frame is hand filed and aligned on a digital alignment table. The smooth lines resulting from the lack of lugs are emphasized with a unicrown fork and an integrated seatpost, attached by an expander bolt in a manner similar to the handlebar stem.
