A statement had been made by the accused to a peace officer without compliance with the formalities prescribed by section 273(1) of the Criminal Procedure and Evidence Act.
While serving in the Senate, Benacquisto voted for the controversial "parent trigger" legislation that would allow parents to turn failing public schools into charter schools, but, ultimately, the bill did not pass. She also supported legislation that would exempt "certain manufacturing equipment from the state's sales tax," so as to potentially allow manufacturing companies to expand operations within the state. Following the controversy regarding the Westboro Baptist Church's decision to protest certain funerals, Benacquisto sponsored legislation that would make it a crime "to protest within 500 feet of a funeral," noting, "We've seen these types of protests occur all across the country and it is very disappointing that folks would use the moment of grief to make a political statement. So we wanted to make a strong stand here in Florida and let everyone know that we were going to protect the time of burial and the time of grieving and the time for goodbye." Benacquisto was elected the Majority Leader of the Florida State Senate for the 2012-2014 legislative session. Recently, following the resignation of Lieutenant Governor of Florida Jennifer Carroll, she has been floated as a potential replacement.
Minemhat

<doc id="35902784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35902784" title="Storefront school">
<doc id="35903082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35903082" title="Astral Projection (band)">
Madak is an Austronesian language spoken in New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.
Quebec student protests may refer to:
Barwell, the Officer Commanding, on going out to enquire the reason of the disturbance, was shot by one of the treasury guard, and the mutineers went off to the jail to release the convicts. A body of them then galloped on to the kacheri where the Collector was engaged as usual; seeing what had happened, he at once bravely set off towards the city to guard the treasure, but was murdered by some of the rebel sowars.
