Best Film (Norwegian).
<doc id="15276142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15276142" title="The Howard Bros. Circus">
See defamatory libel.
An approach increasingly common in Canadian courts is to contest jurisdiction or publication, as the courts have consistently required affidavits of proof of publication within the province where the libel is alleged. In "Éditions Écosociété Inc. v. Banro Corp.", interveners made extensive argument against assuming jurisdiction even when there were very clearly copies distributed and read, on the grounds that this imposed too much of a defense burden.
Ziegler began his film career in 1932, appearing in the German film "Die verkaufte Braut" (The Bartered Bride). He went on to act in other German films and on German television. In 1970, he appeared in the American film "Something for Everyone", starring Angela Lansbury. His final film role was as Grandpa George (Charlie Bucket's grandfather) in the 1971 film "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory". By this time, Ziegler's health was deteriorating, and he was legally blind. He died of emphysema in April 1974, in West Berlin five days before his 80th birthday.
<doc id="15278523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15278523" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nakuru">
The New York City Sheriff is the chief civil law enforcement officer for the City of New York, and automatically holds the position of Deputy Commissioner in the Department of Finance. Responsibilities of the sheriff's office include revenue collections in civil litigation situations; collecting funds or making arrests for parents in arrears of child-support payments; and collecting on moving violations, parking violations, and judicial judgements. The office handles the enforcement of judgments for both small claims and supreme court. Such responsibilities may involve collection of unpaid taxes, enforcement of unpaid environmental fines, seizure of property and evictions. The sheriff may sell real estate and personal property to satisfy judgments, or perform arrests ordered by the civil court system. The sheriff's office has also become involved with cigarette-tax enforcement as well as assisting the NYC Department of Buildings in enforcing stop work orders. In addition, the sheriff sells vehicles not recovered by their owners, checks towed vehicles to determine if they are stolen, and enforces court judgments through a variety of programs.
The Star Road is a collection of science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Doubleday in 1973. The stories originally appeared in the magazines "Amazing Stories", "Astounding", "Analog Science Fiction and Fact", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Worlds of Tomorrow" and "Fantasy and Science Fiction".
In their backstory, Yun and Yang were separated from their birth parents when they were young. They were raised by an adoptive grandfather who runs a restaurant in Shanghai and have eight underground bosses as godfathers. By the time of "Street Fighter III", the two brothers are the leader of their local town. Yun, the elder of the two, is described as being more responsible, while his younger brother Yang is calmer and more analytical.
The game was developed on and for Windows based PCs, although Oldfield uses Apple Macintosh computers for recording much of his music.
Sholem Aleichem is a crater on Mercury, named after the Yiddish writer. The plains deposits filling the crater's interior have been deformed by linear ridges.
Subantarctic Islands.
Regional balance.
The SL-1200 model is often considered as the 'Industry Standard' turntable equipment of the DJ industry. Its supreme torque and robust build make it a frequent choice for club venues as standard, eliminating the need for DJs to transport their own equipment.
A working title for "Jpn Pride" was "Azn Pride". Songs that did not make the album or underwent rewriting include "Morning Glory" and "Winding Road". The title of "Azn Pride" was later used for his greatest hits compilation for Korea and Taiwan, titled "Azn Pride -This Iz the Japanese Kabuki Rock-".
