In 2010, Biz Markie appeared on VH1's "100 Greatest Artists of All Time", providing commentary throughout the series. Biz Markie himself was not included on the list.
In 2005, ITV plc introduced a new channel branding called ITV Day, used to identify ITV1 between 9.25am and 6.00pm. ITV Day was treated as a separate entity to ITV1 and featured its own presentation set focusing using the colours of red, orange and yellow and featured scenes of typical "daytime" activities. Promotions were used in a similar format to ITV1, and all daytime programmes advertised within ITV1 hours were branded with the ITV Day logo. A similar "UTV Day" branding was adopted in Northern Ireland.
<doc id="212193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=212193" title="Coagulation">
In 1970, he and his wife, Dollie McLean, founded the Artists Collective, Inc. of Hartford, an organization dedicated to preserving the art and culture of the African Diaspora. It provides educational programs and instruction in dance, theatre, music and visual arts. The membership of McLean's later bands were drawn from his students in Hartford, including Steve Davis and his son René, who is a jazz saxophonist and flautist as well as a jazz educator. Also in McLean's Hartford group was Mark Berman, the jazz pianist and broadway conductor of Smokey Joe's Cafe and Rent. In 1979 he reached No. 53 in the UK Singles Chart with "Doctor Jackyll and Mister Funk".
"Passiflora xishuangbannaensis" is a recently discovered passionflower species that is endemic to Xishuangbanna.
Amy Goodman has been critical of the reasons for the 2003 invasion
Emacs also introduced an elaborate numbered backup scheme, with files named filename.~1~, filename.~2~ and so on. It didn't catch on, probably because version control software does this better.
Xanclomys
Draft and Minor Leagues.
In Newfoundland, cod liver oil was sometimes used as the liquid base for traditional red ochre paint, the coating of choice for use on outbuildings and work buildings associated with the cod fishery.
Stone Temple Pilots, Linkin Park, Puddle of Mudd, Staind, Static-X, Deadsy, and Spike 1000
A majority of the albums of "Barney & Friends" feature Bob West's voice as the voice of Barney, however the recent album "The Land of Make-Believe" has Dean Wendt's voice. Barney's song "I Love You" (as well as songs from Sesame Street and Metallica) has been used by interrogators at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to coerce the detainees.
Notable hierarchs of the Ecumenical Patriarchate are the popular writer Kallistos (Timothy) Ware, an assistant-bishop in the Archdiocese of Thyateira, and author of "The Orthodox Church", the best-known introduction to the Orthodox Church in English and John Zizioulas Metropolitan of Pergamon, a well-known professor of Systematic Theology.
Emigration to the USA and a career as an author.
