The first World Series Game 7 in four seasons saw a rematch of the Game 4 starters. Jack Morris returned to the mound for his third start of the Series for the Twins while John Smoltz made his second for the Braves. Going into the game, this Series had been regarded as one of the best ever. The seventh game would reinforce that point. A symbolic moment for the Series occurred on the first at-bat when Braves leadoff hitter Lonnie Smith shook hands with Twins catcher Brian Harper just before stepping up to the plate.
<doc id="1094516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1094516" title="Knock on Wood (film)">
The title track was covered by Mira Calix for the Warp Records compilation "Warp20 (Recreated)" in 2009.

<doc id="1094755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1094755" title="Kornhill">
Verbs and Prepositions.
<doc id="1094925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1094925" title="Minibus">
In his first season with Celtic, Nakamura won his first major club titles, the Scottish Premier League and Scottish League Cup. On 13 September 2006, he played his début Champions League game against Manchester United at Old Trafford. He scored from a free kick to bring the game level at 2–2, although Celtic eventually lost 3–2. On 14 October 2006, in a league game against Dundee United at Tannadice Nakamura scored the first hat-trick of his Celtic career and won the Man of the Match award. The game ended 4–1 in Celtic's favour.
In January 2009 the shirts for the 2009 season were unveiled. The home kit was a return to a darker shade of the colour red which is known as 'cherry' red. The home kit consisted of the traditional club colours of cherry and white hoops. The replica shirts which are sold to the fans had full hoops all the way around whilst the players shirts had a white panel on the back so that the name and number could be displayed and viewed easily. The away shirt was blue with one wide irregular white semi-hoop which was across the front of the shirt but did not stretch to the back.



In heraldry, sable () is the tincture black, and belongs to the class of dark tinctures, called "colours". In engravings and line drawings, it is sometimes depicted as a region of crossed horizontal and vertical lines or else marked with sa. as an abbreviation. 
Final round.

Islamic views.
Frederick Joseph Ricketts (21 February 1881 – 15 May 1945) was a British composer of marches for band. Under the pen name Kenneth J. Alford, he composed marches which are considered to be great examples of the art. He was a Bandmaster in the British Army, and Royal Marines Director of Music. Conductor Sir Vivian Dunn called Ricketts "The British March King." Ricketts’ frequent use of the saxophone contributed to its permanent inclusion in military bands.
Journalist.

His family hails from the city of Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (Pakistan). 
<doc id="1096151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1096151" title="Parabolic fractal distribution">
Maurice soon developed into one of the best full backs in Scotland, a fact recognised when he won the first of his caps in 1984. He went on to exceed 50, thus becoming the only United player so far to enter the SFA’s Hall of Fame. In his fiftieth international appearance (away to Norway in June 1992) he was made captain to mark the occasion.

In Polish, "euro" is both singular and plural, and pronounced . This noun belongs to a small group of nouns of foreign origin in Polish that, as an exception, remain non-declinable in any of the seven cases (other examples being "zoo", "Waterloo" and few others). It is however likely for the word "euro" to follow the pattern of other foreign words like "kino", "studio" and "radio" and eventually become fully declinable in a similar manner as a result of a full linguistic absorption of the word into Polish. "Cent" is declinable, being "eurocent" or simply "cent" () in singular nominative and "eurocenty" or "centy" () in plural nominative or "eurocentów" or "centów" () in plural genitive.
