He went to one Pro Bowl during his 13-year career.
He was inducted into the Virginia High School Hall of Fame in 1997
Puppets and Cinema.
For a few months from September 2011, Bouchet co-hosted a trial of a weekly radio show "The Producer's Edition of the The Kyle and Jackie O Show" with co-producer "speech impediment" Matt Simpson.
On 5 July 2005 Human Rights Watch called upon the Kazakh government to refrain from handing over Lutfullo Shamsudinov, the Andijan representative for the Human Rights Society of Uzbekistan, then held in Almaty, to the Uzbek government. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees had given Shamsudinov refugee status and planned to resettle him when Kazakh authorities detained him on 4 July. Earlier that day President Karimov visited Kazakhstan along with other regional nations' representatives as part of a Shanghai Cooperation Organisation meeting. The Uzbek government requested Shamsudinov's extradition, charging him with five criminal charges including premeditated murder. Holly Cartner, executive director of the Europe and Central Asia division of Human Rights Watch, said, "Kazakhstan should step forward and protect this brave man. Instead of that, the authorities seem ready to hand over a refugee to be tortured, in blatant violation of international law." In response to statements made by a representative for the Almaty city prosecutor's office, in which the representative called Shamsudinov a terrorist, Cartner said, "The terrorist accusation is a perversion of international concerns about terrorism and an attempt to block international support for Shamsudinov. In reality, he is someone who worked tirelessly towards the rule of law in Uzbekistan." Russia also deported an asylum seeker to Uzbekistan, Rustam Muminov, who Uzbek authorities accuse of involvement in the Andijan unrest and membership in a religious extremist organization, and Kyrgyzstan deported five Andijan-refugees - Jahongir Maqsudov, Yoqub Toshboev, Odiljon Rahimov, Rasuljon Pirmatov, and Fayoz Tojihalilov - to Uzbekistan in early August 2006.

Notable features.
<doc id="10118588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10118588" title="1962 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">

Parkland High School first opened its doors as Parkland Grade School (primary) in 1958. By 1960, the school's curriculum could not accommodate high school courses. Those students who were entering high school were forced to attend nearby high schools, Irvin and Burges High Schools. The decision was made by the Ysleta Independent School District to expand Parkland Grade School into Parkland High School . In 1959, the student body was asked to vote for the school's mascot and school colors. The Matador and black and gold were chosen. In September 1962, the doors to Parkland High School were officially open. The school only had 9th grade and 10th grade, as well as all primary grades.
Since its inception, Scarlet Alliance has primarily relied on volunteers to manage the organisation. However, in 2004 Scarlet Alliance was granted ongoing government funding to undertake project work in Australia and within the Asia/ Pacific region.
