The National Aviary also takes part in breeding programs designed to increase the numbers of endangered birds in captivity including the Bali Mynah (nearly extinct in the wild), the Micronesian Kingfisher, and the African Penguin. Its first two African Penguin chicks hatched in February 2012. On March 13 2013, the aviary celebrated another success of its breeding program, when a female Eurasian owlet hatched, and within five days, doubled in size.
 கவிஞர் டாக்டர் மு.ஸ்ரீகாந்த் அவர்கள், இந்நூலைப் பற்றிய பணிகளை துவங்கும் முன் என்னை சந்தித்து, நான் இயற்றிய நூல்களைப் பற்றியும், சென்னிக்குளம்.திரு. அண்ணாமலை ரெட்டியாரின் வாழ்க்கை குறிப்புகளையும் விவரமாகவும்,ஆர்வமாகவும் கேட்டறிந்தார். சுமார் 4 மாத கால கடின உழைப்பின் பயனாய் இந்த மகத்துவம் வாய்ந்த நூல், மகத்துவம் வாய்ந்த நாளில் வெளிவர இருப்பதில் பேரானந்தமும் ,பெருமகிழ்ச்சியும் அடைகிறேன்.
Development anthropologists share a commitment to simultaneously critique and contribute to projects and institutions that create and administer Western projects that seek to improve the economic well-being of the most marginalized, and to eliminate poverty. While some theorists distinguish between the 'anthropology of development' (in which development is the object of study) and development anthropology (as an applied practice), this distinction is increasingly thought of as obsolete (see Escobar, 1997, in Edelman and Haugerud, 2005:40). With researches on the field, the anthropologist can describe, analyze and understand the different actions of development that took and take place in a given place. The various impacts on the local population, environment, social and economic life are to be examined.
The Annals of Emergency Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of emergency medicine care. It is the official journal of the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP) and is published on their behalf by Mosby. The editor-in-chief is Michael L. Callaham (University of California at San Francisco). It was established in 1972 as the "Journal of the American College of Emergency Physicians" and obtained its current title in 1980.
Utah's fans welcomed their proud Western Conference champs with force. During the introductions of the Jazz's starting lineups, the Bulls players plugged their ears, due to the loud cheers and fireworks within the Delta Center. The Chicago Bulls started off the first three quarters with mediocre play, despite Scottie Pippen tying a then-Finals record with seven 3-pointers. Utah was led by Karl Malone, who scored 37 points and had 10 rebounds. Chicago attempted a 4th quarter comeback, cutting a 24-point deficit down to 7, but Utah ultimately won its first game of the series. With the Bulls trailing by 24 points in the second quarter, Michael Jordan threw down an alley oop slam which drew loud boos from the crowd.
Game 1 - 18,997
As of today, the Bulls were the last team to win an NBA championship despite fielding a full roster lacking in championship or Finals experience. None of the Bulls players had logged even a minute of NBA Finals experience prior to this.
Regular season series.
GiveALink uses the existing hierarchical structure in bookmark files (folders and subfolders), as well as collaborative filtering techniques, to measure similarity between Web pages. This means that if many people put two URLs in the same folder in their bookmarks, then these two URLs are considered similar.
