In the late nineteenth century three brothers, John Meikle (1868-1949), Stewart Meikle and Thomas Meikle (1862-1939) emigrated from Scotland to South Africa. In 1892 the brothers opened a successful trading business in Fort Victoria in Victoria Province in Rhodesia. In 1915 Thomas Meikle opened a hotel in present-day Harare. Meikles had social and cultural prominence as the premier hotel in Harare.
Within developing countries, the local populace often stages protests against multinational corporations. Protesters insist that once allowed free rein the corporations will use their superior resources and experience to sway the political establishment of a country in favor of excessive concessions (tax holidays, underpaying for property, etc.) and try to influence the political system to fulfill corporate interests, which may or may not be shared by the citizenry. The concessions sought by these multinational corporations in turn collide with the free trade idea that subsidies should not be used to prop up corporations—in other words, subsidizing local corporations invites accusations of Protectionism by free trade proponents, while concessions to foreign corporations are portrayed as mere rational incentives.
Core members of the district's administration are:
<doc id="3444376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3444376" title="McCoy (TV series)">

Accolades.
A World War II Liberty ship, the "SS Galen L. Stone", was named in his honor.
According to RSMC New Delhi, Cyclone Agni developed into a depression at 1.5° N, which is the same latitude as where according to RSMC Tokyo, Tropical Storm Vamei formed during December 2001. However according to RSMC La Reunion the precursor low to Cyclone Agni, moved into the Southern Hemisphere and became an anticyclone as it had kept its counter-clockwise circulation.
During the 18th century, when the Neo Classical architectural style was fashionable in Britain, a series of alterations were made to the church's interior. Those that survive today are the characteristically Georgian austere, dark-wood panelling, complete with a relief pillar design highlighted in gold, which replaced the 17th-century Creed and Commandment boards behind the altar. The area around the south door received a markedly 18th-century wooden vestibule, and above the 14th-century north door, a white marble epitaph was added. The church also received three 12-armed golden chandeliers in 1773. The addition which has since been removed was a set of raised wooden galleries in the side aisles, which were added to increase capacity in the church. Their installation will have prompted the moving of the font from its orthodox standing place at the South door to the rather unconventional site it now occupies in front of the tower. The walls of the church were whitewashed at some point during this era.
Audiobooks.
McLean told them he would take care of it and had a talk with his friend, and George McLaughlin's brother, Bernard McLaughlin aka "Bernie". 
In 2000, the Adult Learning Center relocated to its current permanent CLC location on Mission Avenue in Oceanside and was renamed the Community Learning Center. Over the years the center has expanded its adult education offerings to include parenting classes, workshops for older adults, and programs for those who are physically and mentally challenged. The Cisco Academy, which offers training in computer networking, is also housed at the center. The college's Small Business Development Center is right next door.
