Cox was a Great Britain International from 1939–1956. He had qualified for the 1950 British Empire Games, but his employers threatened to fire him if he attended, so he remained at home. He did, however, compete in the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in the marathon event, but did not receive a medal. During the race he, along with fellow athlete Jim Peters, was afflicted with severe hyperthermia and was taken to hospital after running into a post, with only two miles remaining. His personal best time in the marathon was 2 hours and 18 minutes.
On the other hand, the works of Budge have not held up well in terms of recent hieroglyph scholarship since the 1930s. Even during Budge's own lifetime, many Egyptological scholars disputed Budge's interpretation of glyphs and texts. Today, no modern Egyptological scholar relies upon the works of E. A. W. Budge as evidence of proper glyph rendering, by either his translation or transliteration (his transliteration system was unique to Budge alone as most Egyptologists then (and today) relied upon the transcription and transliteration system developed by the Berlin School which issued the master compendium of Egyptian hieroglyphic language in 1926, "Wörterbuch der Aegyptischen Sprache" (7 Vols.), and which is detailed in the publication by A. H. Gardiner, "Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs" (1957)). As such, references to Budge's dictionary and "within" Budge's dictionary are considered highly suspect by most Egyptologists today, as they do not actually relate back to the terms as he defined them.
James Calthorpe (Yeoman of the Removing Wardrobe)
<doc id="18708531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708531" title="Charyl Chacón">
Demographics.
Gloriavale Christian Community is a private commune 3 km south of Lake Haupiri. It was set up in 1990 when its members relocated from Springbank Christian Community in North Canterbury. The community of over 400 members operate a number of businesses on their large land holding surrounding their base. The Gloriavale organisation has attracted controversy through the notoriety of its leader, Hopeful Christian, who has convictions for sexual assault of community members, and its categorisation by some within the wider Christian community as a religious cult.
In 1898, the newspaper was purchased by Henry R. Lawrence in partnership with George H. Pike. Later that year, there was a fire at the building. After purchasing new printing equipment, the name of the newspaper was changed to the "Cadiz Record".
In October 2012, South London Christian College ceased operating and running programmes due to financial reasons.
Both "Akatsuki"-class destroyers arrived in Japan in time to be used in combat service during the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905. "Akatsuki" arrived at Yokosuka on May 7, 1902 and "Kasumi" on 25 June.
"Unless indicated otherwise, all times are in ss and mm:ss format. Also, since the stunts are also being performed in many Fear Factor franchises, the rules are explained below in the present tense."

From 1972-74, Ritter performed with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and in 1975 commenced his long-standing association with French flautist Jean-Pierre Rampal, when Rampal's former accompanist, Robert Veyron-Lacroix began suffering from ill health; he made a tour to Japan with Rampal. Since 1983, he has also performed with oboist Heinz Holliger.
Later years.
Alveley Halt railway station

Ivanova graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1968, and worked in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the USSR Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. From 19921995 Ivanova worked in the Department of International Humanitarian and Cultural Cooperation of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and from 19951999 was an adviser at the Permanent Mission of Russia to UNESCO in Paris, France. 

Early life.

He had a better year in 1923, playing regularly and almost making a maiden hundred against Northamptonshire: he was 99 not out in the first innings when he ran out of partners.
Zhou Yang (born 16 May 1988 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a female Chinese pole vaulter.
Equipment.
In 2012 it acquired a majority stake in Dutch distributor Now Mobile Bv 
