listed in order of first tour appearance
Port Melbourne is traditionally considered one of the strongest, most successful and most supported Victorian clubs outside of the AFL due to its long and illustrious history in the competition formerly known as the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
<doc id="4689860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4689860" title="Chafurin">
She carried a slight injury through her 2007 season, having surgery later in the year to remove loose cartilage and floating bone fragments in the second toe of her right foot.
<doc id="4690438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4690438" title="BC-1">
By December 2011, LVPII had invested in six properties, including the Crowne Plaza Boston hotel, Saxon Hall Rego Park, TownePlace New Orleans Metairie hotel in New Orleans.

A total of 50 goals were scored by both teams in the five-game series, a new NHL record. The Kings also set a record for most goals by one team in a five-game series, with 27. Other NHL records that fell included the most goals by both teams in one game (18, in Game 1) and the biggest series upset in the Stanley Cup playoffs, as the Kings had finished 48 points behind Edmonton in the regular season.
Chulucanas is a town in Piura Region, Peru. The town is famous for its pottery. Originally dating from pre-Inca times it is today exported all over the world. Designs are varied, but are predominated by black and white. There are several bigger companies but a lot of small manufactures are in Chulucanas itself and in the nearby villages of Quatro Esquinas.
Naima was sent to Walford for an arranged marriage with Saeed. The two don't get on and Naima becomes unwilling to adhere to Muslim customs, regularly disobeying her husband's wishes and refusing to share his bed. Saeed starts visiting prostitutes and regularly goes to the strip-club where Mary Smith (Linda Davidson) works. He later makes obscene phone calls to Naima's good friend Debbie Wilkins (Shirley Cheriton). When Naima is tipped off by an anonymous letter from Dot Cotton (June Brown), she is disgusted with Saeed and decides to go against her family's wishes and divorce him.
The American media, without grasping potential implications for domestic race relations, welcomed the decisive positions of the new Pope. More important, devout Catholic that he (Pope Pius XII) was, he knew which side he was for, and, unlike his predecessors during War I, said so. 
