
Before the war, Lévy directed the information services of the Belgian national broadcaster, the "Institut National de Radiodiffusion" (INR). Under the occupation, he refused to collaborate with the German-backed radio and was sacked and arrested. He was sent to Fort Breendonk, a German prison camp near Mechelen. Released in 1941, he was placed under surveillance by the German authorities in Brussels, but succeeded in escaping to Britain via the "Zéro" network in July 1942 where he joined Antoine Delfosse, minister and commander of the "Armée de la Libération" (AL) resistance group. He served alongside Delfosse in the Ministry of Justice of the Belgian government in London. He also spoke on "Radio Belgique", the French and Dutch language radio station of the BBC broadcast to occupied Belgium. His principal work, however, was in the "Commission belge pour l'étude des problèmes d'après-guerre" ("Belgian Commission of study of post-war problems"), in which he founded "Mission Samoyède" which planned to set up radio broadcasting in Belgium soon after the liberation. Following the invasion of Europe by the Allies, he returned to the continent working as an interpreter and press officer alongside General Henning Linden. His coverage included the liberation of Dachau concentration camp.
Controversial Clients.

<doc id="19931601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931601" title="Terry Kelly (singer)">
Black Killer is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Carlo Croccolo and starring Klaus Kinski.
The Sanitary Act of 1866, administered by local authorities, provided for general sanitation in any factories and workshops not under existing factory acts, and the Workshops Regulation Act of 1867, similarly to be administered by local authorities, amended in 1870, practically completed the application of the main principle of the factory acts to all places in which manual labour was exercised for gain in the making or finishing of articles or parts of articles for sale. A few specially dangerous or injurious trades brought under regulation in 1864 and 1867 (e.g. earthenware and lucifer match making, glass-making) ranked as "factories," although not using mechanical power, and for a time employment of less than fifty persons relegated certain work-places to the category of "workshops," but broadly the presence or absence of such motor power in aid of process was made and has remained the distinction between factories and workshops.
The educational aim of the project was to provide valuable hands-on experience to university students within a real and demanding space project. This is in order to fully prepare a well qualified workforce for ambitious future ESA missions.
<doc id="19932850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932850" title="Prince Januarius, Count of Caltagirone">
4. The Public Purse

It is the 1st rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dha na". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
The "Ulcisia" altar describes the dedicator, P. Aelius Aelianus, as prefect of the Second legion, thus confirming that he was the same man as the one who had commissioned the sarcophagus of Martialis and Fl. Agatha. It adds the additional information that he was "protector nostri augusti Gallieni" – i.e. 'Protector of Our Majestic Lord Gallienus'. He was, thus, one of the earliest known recipients of that title. However, that the honorific should refer to 'Our Majestic Gallienus' rather than to 'Our Majestic Lords' (i.e. Valerian and Gallienus) as in the case of L. Petronius Taurus Volusianus shows that the inscription can be dated to the period of Gallienus's sole reign, but in the early part of that period when the honour was still awarded to senior officers rather than centurions as was later the case.(See Protectores Augusti Nostri. His possession of the title also suggests that when he commanded "Leg. II Adjutrix" that unit was brigaded with the Imperial "comitatus" rather than serving with the provincial garrison of "Pannonia Inferior" - its usual station during High Empire period 
