
Dongguk's symbol animal is an elephant which is considered a holy animal with wisdom and fortune. It intends to describe modern, progressive and active characteristics, and it also expresses university students of the new generation who are wise, brave, bright and friendly.
Having reportedly been unhappy with the amount of players that play his position at Stade Français, Taylor signed a three-year deal with Bath Rugby. On 19th April 2013 Bath Rugby announced that Taylor was to be one of 7 players leaving the club at the end of the 2012/13 season.
Rufous-gorgetted Flycatcher Ficedula strophiata

An ink and gouache drawing of Düsum Khyenpa [http://www.vam.ac.uk/content/articles/s/secrets-of-the-seated-buddha/] was found in a statue of the Buddha and is in the Victoria and Albert Museum.
As captain, he suffered a lack of support from Geoffrey Boycott, who had hoped to be appointed captain instead, and these tensions contributed to the downfall of Denness as a skipper. Boycott played in the first 6 Tests with Denness as captain, including the five matches in the 1-1 drawn series in the West Indies and the first Test of a 3-0 whitewash against India, during which Denness scored his first two Test centuries, but then Boycott then refused to play under Denness and remained out of the Test team until 1977. After a 0-0 drawn three-match series against Pakistan at home in 1974, his boycott left England exposed in several matches against the fast bowling of Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson in the Ashes series in Australia in 1974-5. Denness dropped himself from the England team for the 4th Test at Sydney after scoring only 65 runs in 6 innings (6, 26, 2, 20, 8, 2) in the first three Tests, although he was selected again for the 5th Test in Adelaide after his replacement John Edrich was injured, and achieving his highest Test score of 188 at Melbourne in the 6th Test to win by an innings. The victory was little consolation, as Australia had already won four of the six matches in the series. Once while in Australia, Denness received an envelope that had been sent with the address "Mike Denness, cricketer". The letter inside read, "Should this reach you, the post office clearly thinks more of your ability than I do."
Published in the 2006 charity anthology 'Shelf Life'. "Skulduggery" by Fiona Moore and Alan Stevens, centers on a scheme concocted by Carnell, at the behest of Landerchild, to assassinate Chairholder Uvanov using a skull covered in contact poison. The story takes place shortly before "Death's Head" and acts as a prelude to those events shedding additional light on the motives of its various characters.
