Across the Philippines, Irving battered a dozen provinces in the southern section of Luzon, toppling trees and ripping off rooftops. Moreover, the storm also uprooted trees, downed power and telephone lines, triggered landslides and forced the cancellation of several domestic airline flights on Thursday. Schools were closed. Irving wrecked 7,890 houses in Albay and Sorsogon provinces alone. As a result, 23,101 families, or about 138,500 people were listed as homeless. A total of 37 perished and three others were rendered as missing. Most of the casualties occurred when people were downed by falling trees or falling debris. Two people perished due to a landslide southeast of Manila. Moreover, 15 people died in the Batangas City, where electrical and water supplies was cut for two days. Twenty-three were wounded. However, damage to crops, especially rice, was minor. Damage in the Philippines totaled to $13 million. The nations' president order for the release of $294,000 in aid. Upon making landfall in China, winds gusted to at Lei Yue Mun in Hong Kong. In all, 49 died due to Irving.
Shell Shock.
Sinclair joined Bristol Rovers at the age of nine. He became the second-youngest Bristol Rovers first-team debutant – at the age of 15 years 277 days – as a late substitute for Junior Agogo in the League Two game against Leyton Orient in December 2004.
McLaurin is located at latitude 31.1679579, longitude -89.2172808.
After being released in 1937, Shukhevych set up an advertising cooperative called "Fama," which became a front for the activities of the OUN. Soon outlets were set up throughout Galicia and Volyn, and within Poland itself. The workers of the company were members of the OUN, often recently released political prisoners. The company was very successful and had sections working with the press and film, publishing booklets, printing posters, selling mineral water, and compiling address listings. It also opened its own transportation section.
Late in 1976, Mark Hopkinson first approached Harold James Taylor about "doing a job for him." During the course of their conversations, Hopkinson explained that the job involved assaulting a man in Evanston, Wyoming. An arrangement was made whereby in exchange for $200 Taylor agreed to perform the job. Hopkinson then offered Taylor photographs of Vincent Vehar, the intended victim, and explained that he was a lawyer who lived in Evanston. Before the job could be done, Mark came back to Taylor and stated that his people wanted Vincent Vehar killed. Taylor agreed to this but upped his price to $600; he received this money on December 19, 1976. Shortly thereafter Taylor announced that he would not murder Vincent Vehar.
Other than electricity generation, the State Electricity Commission of Victoria also:
Indesit posted sales of €2.9 billion in 2012. 
Many pesticides achieve their intended use of killing pests by disrupting the nervous system. Due to similarities in brain biochemistry among many different organisms, there is much speculation that these chemicals can have a negative impact on humans as well. 

Citing "R v Brown", law professors Fox & Thomson (2005) argue against non-therapeutic circumcision of male children.
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1981
