Washington & Jefferson College originates from three log cabin colleges established by John McMillan, Thaddeus Dod, and Joseph Smith, Presbyterian missionaries to the American frontier in the 1780s. John McMillan came to present-day Washington County in 1775 and built his college in 1780 near his church in Chartiers, where he taught a mixture of college-level students and elementary students. Thaddeus Dod built his college in Lower Ten Mile in 1781, teaching mathematics and the classics. Joseph Smith taught classical studies in his college, called "The Study" at Buffalo.
As part of an ongoing collaboration with Motoman Robotics, a division of Yaskawa America, Inc., Universal launched MotoSight™ 3D Spatial Vision, a 3D vision system for cost-effective, flexible and scalable real-time guidance for Motoman robots. The system determines six degrees of object position and pose information (X, Y, Z, Rx, Ry, Rz) and is accurate within 2-4mm with off-the-shelf Logitech 9000 webcams. Accuracy can be improved by substituting webcams with GigE cameras.
Lavalee, Lavallée or LaVallee may refer to:
Awards.
Edward Jay Epstein, an American journalist, wrote in the New York Sun that Britain sent "embarrassingly thin substantiation" of its claims against Lugovoy. His hypothesis was that "Litvinenko came in contact with a Polonium-210 smuggling operation and was [..] exposed to it".
<doc id="16740638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16740638" title="Shrine of the Sacred Heart">
For example, if "Hello!" is to be displayed during the first 25 frames of a digital video, clip or movie, the corresponding .sub file must contain the line:
Kramer Junction (also known as "Four Corners") is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California. Kramer Junction is located in the Mojave Desert at the intersection of U.S. Route 395 and State Route 58, east of Kramer. As of the 2000 census, Kramer Junction had a total population of 2,231.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
