Zalakeh-ye Farajollah-e Montazeri (, also Romanized as Zālakeh-ye Farajollāh-e Montaz̧erī; also known as Dālakeh-ye Ḩājjī Faraj, Z̄ālakeh, Z̄ālakeh-ye Ḩājī Faraj, Zalekeh, and Z̄ālkeh-ye Ḩājjī Faraj) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 11 families. 
- Rs 3,000 a year during her graduation.
He was the Chief of the Staff of The Salvation Army from 1 February 2013 to 3 August 2013. In the wake of the unexpected retirement of General Linda Bond, Cox fulfilled the duties of General for a little under two months until the High Council could elect a new General.
Dipalikaya roughly translates as "light leaving the body".Dipalika, which can be roughly translated as "splendiferous light of lamps", is used interchangeably with the word "Diwali".
American Twilight is the fifth album by Crime & the City Solution, released on March 26, 2013 through Mute Records.
Annual Admissions: 7,435

Spitz became one of America's leading high jumpers while still at Flushing High School, placing fourth in the 1929 national championships with a jump of 1.89 m (6 ft in).
<br>
Brenon married "Boston Globe" hockey writer Kevin Paul DuPont in August 1994. She resigned from Channel 7 shortly thereafter to move to Boston with her husband.
Canadian Homelessness Research Network (CHRN) is a national research organization focusing on homelessness and related issues such as street youth, unemployment, homelessness and marginalized populations. A primary objective of the organization is to conduct and share homelessness research to impact policy and practice. CHRN is housed at York University, Toronto. It receives part of its funding from the Government of Canada’s Homelessness Partnering Strategy.

<doc id="39726693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39726693" title="Results of the Queensland state election, 1992 (A-K)">
Fallis previously identified the specific epistemic virtues of Wikipedia as
Scaleby (Boyce, Virginia)
Born in Paisley, Scotland in 1974, Grieves took up speedway at the age of fifteen when he attended one of Olle Nygren's training schools at King's Lynn.

Government corruption is a pervasive problem in Angola that stands in the way of accountable and democratic governance. Human Rights Watch, Transparency International, and the International Monetary Fund have consistently ranked Angola as one of the most corrupt countries in Africa and worldwide.
California Peak, elevation , is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The peak is northeast of Alamosa in the Rio Grande and San Isabel national forests.
Thomas Gamaliel Bradford
Shave is an English surname. Notable people with this surname include the following:

Saruran (, also Romanized as Sarūrān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 111, in 22 families. 
<doc id="39732091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39732091" title="Hasanabad, Kermanshah">
On June 17, the remix version, which is now the official single version, was released as a digital download through iTunes. The song was released to rhythmic radio stations on June 25, 2013.
