Harinordoquy entered the 2005 Six Nations with 30 caps for France. However, he missed the competition's first fixture against Scotland due to a separated shoulder suffered in his last game for Biarritz before the competition. Harinordoquy, subsequently, had difficulty regaining his form immediately after the injury; he was dropped from the squad by the end of the 2005 tournament. He returned to the team ahead of the 2007 Rugby World Cup and quickly cemented his place within the team. Harinordoquy started in France's opening match against Argentina.

History of the collection.
<doc id="1476560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1476560" title="Charles de l'Aubespine, marquis de Châteauneuf">
Uppåkra was situated on the ancient main road between Trelleborg and Helsingborg in what was to become the Danish kingdom. The original foundation of Uppåkra is dated to the last century BC, although its importance appears to have increased in the fifth century. It seems likely that the rulers of Uppåkra by then wielded influence over most or all of West Scania, i.e. the land along the Trelleborg–Helsingborg main road, known for extraordinarily fertile plains. 
1984: Joanna Cassidy – "Buffalo Bill" as Jojo White
A House Divided is a strategic level board wargame about the American Civil War for two players, featuring point-to-point movement, low-complexity rules, and relatively few counters to maneuver. It was designed by Frank Chadwick and released in 1981 by Game Designers Workshop. "A House Divided" won the Charles S. Roberts/Origins Awards for "Best Pre-20th Century Boardgame of 1981" and "Best Pre-20th Century Boardgame of 1989".
<doc id="1476942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1476942" title="NY1">
<doc id="1477013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1477013" title="MV Tricolor">
Weaker tornadoes, and at times even stronger tornadoes, can occasionally "lift", meaning their circulation has ceased to affect the ground. The result is an erratic and discontinuous linear damage path, leading to the term skipping tornado. These discontinuities tend to occur over areas larger than the small neighborhoods where the "house-skipping" effect is observed, except possibly at the time of the birth and organization of the tornado. There is not commonly observed and now a rarely applied term. Typically, when one tornado weakens and another forms this is a process of successive parent mesocyclones forming and decaying in a process known as cyclic tornadogenesis leading to a series of tornadoes spawned by the same supercell which are known as a tornado family.
Geography.
What is snowball sampling?
Women's Tournament.
Fleet.
The unrestored PCC cars include five more San Francisco double-ended cars, 10 San Francisco single-ended cars, 12 single-ended cars acquired from St. Louis in 1957, two single-ended cars from Philadelphia, and two single-ended cars from Pittsburgh. A further previously restored car from Philadelphia was written off after a traffic accident in 2003.
