
The clock tower suffered some damage as a result of the 1989 Newcastle earthquake, however this was subsequently repaired. Interior spaces include a ballroom, concert hall and additional function rooms.
Mortonville Hotel is a historic hotel located in East Fallowfield Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1796 as a dwelling, and converted to a hotel in 1849. It is a three-story, seven bay, stuccoed stone structure with a shallow gable roof. It is partially banked, and features first and second floor verandahs.
The Eleusinian Mysteries (Ἐλευσίνια Μυστήρια) were initiation ceremonies of pre-historic antiquity focused on immortality and held in honour of Demeter and Persephone based at Eleusis in ancient Greece. Augustus became an initiate in 22/21BCE and again in 19BCE (Cassius Dio 51,4.1 and 54,9.10). The later Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius also was initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries in Athens.
Edward was sworn in as a magistrate in 1869 and served until 1908. He was vice president of North Lonsdale Agricultural Society in 1869, he also held the posts of president and secretary. He practiced farming on a small scale and Mrs Wadham carried off prizes for honey and for butter.
The club fields three senior teams, a 1st XI who play in the York & District Senior League, a 2nd XI & 3rd XI who play in the Nidderdale League and an evening league side who play in the Harrogate and District Evening League. 

On September 11, 1864, Brigadier General Churchill issued Special Order Number 72 from Camp Yell which mentioned Trigg’s Battery:
Homer and Marge have organized a lunch date at an up-market sushi restaurant. While there Marge is excited to be able to have 'grown up people' conversations as the kids are not with them. When trying to spark conversation Homer does not seem interested and is only focused on eating the food. Enraged she storms out of the restaurant and hails a taxi home. Worried about their marriage, Homer tries to fix his problems with Marge. He takes out a to-do list from within his wallet that Marge had given him. He finishes the list and shows Marge, she is disappointed in him because the list was from 6 years earlier. Homer returns to the Japanese restaurant they went to previously in the episode and is given relationship advice by the head chef. Homer takes some food from the restaurant back home and offers it to Marge, she is almost impressed but is again unhappy at him when Homer begins to eat the food himself. Unsure of what to do Homer goes to Moe's Tavern and talks to Moe about his marriage problems. Moe suggests winning her back by exciting her with sex, specifically sadomasochistic sex, as used in "Fifty Shades of Grey". Homer goes to the local sex shop where he purchases an array of different sex devices. When he shows Marge all that he has bought she is confused and unimpressed. Homer sits down on one of the machines by mistake and is injured by it. He is taken to the hospital and while he is being treated they reconcile. Afterwards they return home and set all the sex items on fire and Marge admits that she was too hard on him as she says that no matter what he will try to make things right.
Bonkaram () is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 26 families. 
