Some products are integrated into other products (i.e. REcon and Digital DNA into Responder).
Heinz-Otto Fabian
<doc id="30825891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30825891" title="Allen Kim">

Description.
A notorious gambler is thrown out of a small town named Spanish Boot, but he quickly returns when he discovers the town is threatened by the Mescalero Apaches led by Chief Victorio.
NOW YOU CAN :
The school had a roll of 35 boys in 2009, aged between 8 and 14, and including boarders and day pupils. Ballikinrain provides for boys with "significant social, emotional and behavioural difficulties".
Suetonius is one of three key Roman authors who may refer to early Christians, the other two being Pliny the Younger and Tacitus. These authors refer to events which take place during the reign of various Roman emperors, Suetonius writing about the Claudius expulsion and Nero's persecutions, Tacitus referring to Nero's actions around the time of the Great Fire of Rome in 64 AD, while Pliny's letters are to Trajan about the trials he was holding for Christians around 111 AD. But the temporal order for the documents begins with Pliny writing around 111 AD, then Tacitus around 115/116 AD and then Suetonius around 122 AD.
RCAF Station Pagwa

Viareggio railway station () serves the city and "comune" of Viareggio, in the region of Tuscany, central Italy. Opened in 1936, it forms part of the Pisa–La Spezia–Genoa railway, and is also a junction for a regional line to Florence.
Hemaris saundersii
It was co-written by J.J. Abrams and Akiva Goldsman, with Goldsman directing. 
Born 17 March 1985 in New Jersey, USA, Lyons' family moved to Winston-Salem, North Carolina when she was five. She went on to study on scholarship at the North Carolina School of the Arts. Her family returned to New Jersey before she reached her teens, living in Basking Ridge, New Jersey. Lyons studied at Ridge High School, New Jersey, from 1999 to 2003. While attending university Lyons trained at the Weist Barron School for Film & TV. She graduated from Marymount Manhattan College, New York City with a B.A. (Hons) in Psychology.
Biography.

Title VII – Research and related matters.
Possible solutions.
Low level radioactive waste oversight.
On 19 February 1416, William married Adelheid of Tecklenburg, daughter of Nicholas II, Count of Tecklenburg and Elisabeth of Moers. They had one son:
Gwendraeth Valleys Railway.



Symbolism.
Army.
A potter's field is one filled with clay suitable for making pottery. Usually, the field is not good for agriculture. Thus it can be a place for a burial ground for the poor people, unknowns, or otherwise not allowed in the local cemetery. The phrase was first written in 1777, based on a reference in the Christian Bible (Matthew Chapter 27 verse 7).
<doc id="30835434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30835434" title="Deer Creek Golf Course">

Seton Hutchison nonetheless remained a vocal activist and in 1936 ran afoul of Clement Attlee when he publicly claimed that the Labour Party politician was a Jew who was engineering a world war, supporting white slavery and punishing the poor. Attlee filed a libel action against Seton Hutchison, although this was ultimately withdrawn when Seton Hutchison publicly apologised and disowned the claims. Remaining a vocal Hitlerite, including declaring public support for the "Anschluss", he became disillusioned by the German occupation of Czechoslovakia and by the time of the Invasion of Poland in 1939 Seton Hutchinson was praising Poland for standing up to what he had come to see as Hitler's bullying tactics.
"Unholy Confessions" is a song by Avenged Sevenfold, from their second album, Waking the Fallen.
Indian Gorkhas or Bharatiya Gorkhas () are Nepali-speaking people of India. The term "Indian Gorkha" tries to make a distinction between citizen of Nepal and the Indian citizens of Gorkha (Nepali) ethnic group.
<doc id="30838319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30838319" title="Marcelus Kemp">
Hugo Miguel Gonçalves Costa (born 20 February 1990 in Póvoa de Varzim) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Tondela on loan from C.D. Feirense, as a left defender.

In 1960-62 the Camden Arcadia Works were converted into offices. The building was refurbished and stripped of all its Egyptian decoration, which was now out of fashion, in an attempt to give it a simpler, more Modernist appearance. At this time it was renamed "Greater London House".
Sergei Nikolaevich Prokopovich (; 1871–1955) was a Russian economist, sociologist, "Revisionist" Social-Democrat and liberal politician.
Geography.
Cross-country skiing at the 2011 European Youth Winter Olympic Festival was held from 13 to 18 February 2011. It was held at the Cross Country Venue Vesec at Liberec, Czech Republic.
On 11 April 2013, the NC Dinos won their first game in the club's history against the LG Twins.
Sangmu Baseball Team
The company saw sales trend upward from 2006 to 2008, when it was the only builder in the Builder Magazine Top-200 builders to generate unit sales and see revenue growth across that period. The company's growth slowed in 2009, when LGI Homes experienced a 9% drop in home sales, year-over-year In comparison, the average drop in sales experienced by large homebuilders that year was 30%. LGI Homes saw sales growth for 15 consecutive quarters through 3Q 2009. Second quarter earnings for 2012 were $34 million as a result of 246 closings with an average sale price of $138,359 compared to the prior closing record from the third quarter of 2011 – $30.7 million, 224 closings and an average sale price of $136,839.

The staff that runs the trains in Italy is supplied by Trenitalia, while and Swiss Federal Railways runs the trains in Switzerland.

The Norfolk Blues are named after the Norfolk Light Artillery Blues. Originally formed in 1829 as a state militia company and prestigious social club. The Blues served through the entire war and were one of the few military units that actually increased in size, during the conflict. The Blues took an oath to "never surrender" and did not lose a single man to desertion throughout the course of the American Civil War. The NLAB's were merged with the "First Company Richmond Howitzers" (organized on 9 November 1859) and the Portsmouth Light Artillery on 15 February 1809 to become the modern day 1st Battalion, 111th Field Artillery of the Virginia National Guard.
The inscription reads:<br>
Nearby businesses are a bed and breakfast concern, and Wildseed Farms.

NOTE: JSON-WSP specification 1.0 is still not final. Please refer to the real world example in this article to get an idea of how the specification is going to be structured. The current state of the actual specification is kept at launchpad.net:. An RFC proposal is currently being created and hopefully accepted within a couple of months.
The lead off track "Eto TEMA!" reached #113 on the radio charts, and was played in over 200 cities across Russia.
Future plans.
Shoba Narayan
In 1940, when German-supported general Ion Antonescu and the fascist Iron Guard gained the power in Romania, Constantinescu, as most communist leaders in Romania, was interned in a concentration camp. During World War II he was successively interned at Miercurea Ciuc, Caracal and Târgu Jiu. Set free after Romanian changed sides and joined the Allies in August 1944, he worked for the Bucharest section of the Romanian Communist Party. In 1948 he was a delegate at the congress that decided the unification of the Romanian Communist and Social-Democratic parties into the Romanian Workers' Party. He died in Bucharest in 1949.
Fort Landing is an unincorporated community in Tyrrell County, North Carolina, United States. The community is located on the western banks of the Little Alligator River/East Lake; east of Columbia. From 1932-1951, Fort Landing was the eastern terminus of US 64.
The second series also received generally positive reviews. Stuart Jeffries of "The Guardian" stated, "Eve is even better in this than he was two years ago," and called the script "especially impressive."
Scaidava
Election results.
Only appearing in All-American Comics #2. A criminal who discovers a way to become invisible and commits crimes. However Bulletman and Bulletgirl discover his hideout in a cave and capture him.
<doc id="30850399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30850399" title="Mstsislaw">
<doc id="30850925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30850925" title="Shelter Island Conference on Quantum Mechanics in Valence Theory, 1951">
The town derives its name from the Black Flag gold find that was discovered in 1893 when a prospector, R.H Henning pegged the lease. The mine was producing and attracting more miners to the area in 1894, the town was gazetted in 1897. A condenser was built in 1895 to produce drinking water for the towns population. John Forrest visited the town in the same year during his tour through the goldfields.
The 2011 season was the West Coast Eagles' 25th season in the premier Australian rules football competition, the Australian Football League (AFL). The previous season, West Coast had finished 16th and last overall to receive their first wooden spoon. The club began the season by reaching the semi-finals of the league's pre-season knock-out competition, the NAB Cup. They began their season with a four-point win over on Sunday, 27 March. At the conclusion of round 10, West Coast had won five of their nine games and lost four, but over the remainder of the season won 12 of their 13 games to finish fourth at the end of the regular season. In the finals series, the club lost their qualifying final to by 20 points. They defeated in a home semi-final, but lost to , the eventual premiers in a preliminary final at the MCG the following week, to finish fourth overall.

Michael L. Conniff, “Brazil’s Populist Republic and Beyond”, in Conniff
In 2013, an Indonesian worker, who is married to a local Taiwanese man, built a mosque called the At-Taqwa Mosque in Dayuan Township, Taoyuan County to support the growing number of Muslims, especially from the Indonesian workers community.
<doc id="30854026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30854026" title="Willie Cunningham (footballer, born 1938)">


Saadat Shahr (, pronounced sah-ah-dat-shawr, also Romanized as Sa‘ādat Shahr; also known as Sa‘ādatābād) is a city in and the capital of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15,947, in 3,814 families. 
Like its inspiration, it is a charity song, with all proceeds being donated to UNICEF. According to the official press release, the song "stems from a frustration with other benefit songs' misguided, somewhat patronizing attitude, and Western-centric worldview."



Propellant requirements.

The previous science block was transformed into business classrooms as well as a Film and TV centre featuring the latest equipment and IT requirements. All the school's rooms are air-conditioned and most of the classrooms have interactive whiteboards. Some classrooms have already had the interactive whiteboards upgraded to commboxes.
<doc id="30856531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30856531" title="Eisner &amp; Iger">
In 1260 AD, the Mongols destroyed sections of the castle, including its battlements. Soon after the victory of the Mamluks over the Mongols at Ain Jalut, Sultan ad-Dhaher Baibars restored the castle and cleared the fosse. The castle was used as a storehouse for crops and provisions. When Izz ad-Din Aibak was appointed governor, he renovated the castle as indicated by an inscription found in the castle's south-western tower.
As the second worst team in the relegation table, América played a two-legged tie against Patriotas, the 2011 Categoría Primera B runner-up. As the Primera A team, América played the second leg at home. The winner was determined by points, followed by goal difference, then a penalty shootout. Patriotas won the series in a penalty shootout to relegate América to the Primera B.
Nineteenth century.
Jacques Loussier recorded a cover on his 1987 album "In Loussier's Mood". The Flaming Lips covered it on 1996's "Brainville EP". Ben Folds Five also covered it for the 1998 Burt Bacharach tribute TV special and soundtrack "One Amazing Night". In 1998, Shonen Knife covered it as part of "Big Deal Recording Artists Perform The Songs Of Burt Bacharach". In 2005, Australian band Jebediah covered it for Triple J's "Like a Version" compilation. Dionne Warwick has collaborated with Kelis on a cover for her 2006 duets album, while Barry Manilow covered it on his 2006 album "The Greatest Songs of the Sixties".
The La Blache Property is located at Latitude 50° 03' 30" N and Longitude 69° 38' 02" W. (NTS 22K/04) The property covers or and is located in the Baie-Comeau region along the North Shore of the St. Lawrence River. The Manicouagan region is situated at the intersection of Highways 138 and 389. Provincial Route No. 138 links Montreal and Natashquan through Baie-Comeau and Sept-Iles and follows the north shore of the St. Lawrence River. Highway No. 389 provides access to the mining towns of the north-east and links Baie-Comeau to the mining town of Fermont, situated northeast of Baie-Comeau.
Theme song.
Japan.
A decock/safety is a combination manual safety switch and decocking lever. Two popular variants exist. In the "three-way" system, made popular by Heckler & Koch pistols, the handler may decock the firearm by pushing down on the safety lever from the "Fire" setting, or engage the safety (even on a cocked firearm) by pushing the lever upwards. A simpler "two-way" system was popularized by the Walther PP and is also commonly seen on the Beretta 92: engaging the safety also decocks the firearm.
History.
Patrik Svitanais a Slovak ice hockey player who currently plays for Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship.
Victoria (162 & 210) lost to M.C.C. (443 for 8 declared) by an innings and 71 runs
Tafadzwa Rusike (born 7 May 1989 in Harare) is a Zimbabwean professional footballer, who currently plays as a winger. He is currently playing for Dynamos FC after been releasing from Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town in June 2013.
Suintila (Gothic: Swinþila), or "Swinthila", "Svinthila"; (ca. 588 – 633/635) was Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia from 621 to 631. There was a new peace in the Kingdom of the Visigoths. As a direct result, by 624 the king was able to retake those lands that had been under the control of Byzantium. He was a son of Reccared I and wife Bado, and a brother of the general Geila.
"A Hard Name" premiered May 3, 2009 at the Royal Cinema in Toronto. The film received the Genie Award for best feature-length documentary. It was also chosen as one of the top ten audience favourites at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival.
After serving several years in the Reserves and attaining leadership rank it is possible for an enlisted Reservist to receive a commission through the Reserve Enlisted Commissioning Program (RECP). Marines who have previously served on active duty, whether officer or enlisted, can join the Select Marine Corps Reserve directly. Veteran Marines wishing to do this go through a Marine Corps Prior Service Recruiter. The mission of the Prior Service Recruiter is to join members from the Individual Ready Reserve to SMCR units close to their home.
The UP Junior Maroons Basketball Team.
The Constitution defines the Senate as having two senators for each state in the Union. The size of the House of Representatives is based on the number of states and their populations. The numerical size of the House is set by law, not by the Constitution. The House grew in size as states were admitted throughout the 19th century, and as the nation grew in population. Since the Constitution allows for one representative for as few as 30,000 citizens, Congress passed new, higher limits for the House, which grew in size until a law passed in 1911, based on the National Census of 1910, established the present upper limit of 435 members of the House. Since the House's size was fixed but the population kept growing, instead of a congressperson representing only 30,000 citizens (as the Constitution had previously established), a congressperson represents 600,000 and more persons.
The University of Guam, Guam Community College, and Pacific Islands University are in the village.
Introduction.
He taught at University of Minnesota and is currently an emeritus professor. His work focused on individual differences, work adjustment, and human potential.
Maksim Gelman stabbing spree
Students.
History.
