Getting Heavier
Ahmad Khatami is a senior Iranian Ayatollah, as well as a senior member of the Assembly of Experts. In December 2005, Ali Khamenei appointed him as Tehran’s substitute Friday prayer leader.
The Western Gunboat Flotilla was transferred from War Department to Navy Department control on 1 October 1862. It was reconstituted as the Mississippi River Squadron, with (Acting) Rear Admiral David Dixon Porter in command. Porter was ordered to cooperate with Major General Ulysses S. Grant's Department of the Tennessee. Relations between the commanding general and the fleet actually improved at this time, despite the altered chain of command.
Like most heptatonic (seven pitches in the octave) scales, the double harmonic scale has a mode for each of its individual scale degrees. The most commonly known of these modes is the 4th mode, the Hungarian gypsy scale, most similar to the harmonic minor scale with a raised 4th degree.
The reason for fighting
Clubs home ground is Markaziy Stadium with original capacity of 35,000. The stadium which was built in 1989 was one of the biggest football stadiums by capacity in the country. In 2011 the club have announced their intention to renovate the stadium and it was closed for long time reconstruction. The rehabilitation works were finished in spring 2014. The festive opening of the renovated all-seater stadium was held on 29 May 2014 with "Barkamol avlod 2014" annual sporting games opening ceremony.The capacity of the new venue is 22,000. 
Mark Buckingham, one of the primary artists on the series, draws Pinocchio with a jutting lower lip and, even when speaking, always with his mouth closed; Buckingham depicts all wooden characters in this same way.
When her husband was elected by the legislature as a U.S. Senator in 1853, Virginia Clay moved with him to Washington, DC. On the train they met numerous other people from the state who were going to be part of Congress and the administration, forming friendships that lasted. In the capital, they were part of the political social life of the elite. That first winter Clay gave birth to her only child, who died soon after. Within a year, she was fully participating in the many events of the city. 
Separately from the Ordinance of Secession, Texas also issued a declaration of causes spelling out the rationale for secession. The document specifies several reasons for secession, including its solidarity with its "sister slave-holding States," the Federal government's inability to prevent Indian attacks, slave-stealing raids, and other border-crossing acts of banditry. It accuses Northern politicians and abolitionists of a variety of outrages upon Texans. The bulk of the document offers a justification of slavery and white supremacy, including this extract:
