In 1874, the municipality of Egelshofen was renamed "Kreuzlingen". It reached its present size with the incorporation of Kurzrickenbach in 1927 and Emmishofen in 1928.
The Mormon theologian Orson Pratt taught a form of hylozoism.
In 2008, Karina Schaapman, a former prostitute and former member of the Amsterdam city council, produced a report about the Amsterdam sex trade. She offered the police a Facebook with 80 "violent pimps", of whom only three were Dutch-born. She said that more than 75% of Amsterdam's 8,000 to 11,000 prostitutes were from Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia.
Lyrically, "This Means War!" took the implicit spiritual warfare theme that had been present in Petra's albums and tours since "Never Say Die" and emphasized it further. Although the album ended for good the band's longstanding tradition of featuring electric guitars as warcraft, its picture of a warrior on his knees complemented songs with titles such as "Get On Your Knees and Fight Like a Man," "All the King's Horses" and the title track, a rousing rocker backed by a marching drumbeat that addressed Satan as the preordained loser of the war he had declared against Christ and his followers.
Dance in Burma can be divided into dramatic, folk and village, and nat dances, each having distinct characteristics. Although Burmese dance has been influenced by the dance traditions of its neighbors, in particular Thailand ("yodaya aka"), it retains unique qualities that distinguish it from other regional styles, including angular, fast-paced and energetic movements and emphasis on pose, not movement.
<doc id="1018612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1018612" title="Murrumbidgee">
Prior to Confederation, he had served 4 years, 1 month and 15 days in the Legislative Assembly of the old Province of Canada. 
With the establishment of the communist-led German Democratic Republic in 1949, Magdeburg fell under Soviet control. Communist leaders tried to suppress religion as a potential threat to communist doctrine, thus being active in church was a social disadvantage. The eradication of religion could not be accomplished, however, and weekly peace prayers were held in the cathedral beginning in 1983 in front of the Magdeburger Ehrenmal, a sculpture by Ernst Barlach. This led to the famous Monday demonstrations of 1989 (similar to those in Leipzig), which played a significant role in the German reunification process.
Types of typesetting.
Biography.
He made his IRL debut at the 2005 Indianapolis 500.
Canal levels sometimes had sand bars or shallow areas where the boat would get stuck. Some boats carried long iron-tipped poles to push themselves off although some canals forbade their use. Sometimes boatmen would ask the lockkeeper of the lock above for a swell, to raise the water in the level, so that they could get off the sand bar. 
