<doc id="28892455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28892455" title="Toruküla">
<doc id="28892625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28892625" title="Majala, Tartu County">
In 1985, USCGC "Polar Sea" sparked controversy by navigating the Northwest passage from Greenland to Alaska without formal authorization from the Canadian government. At the time, "Polar Sea" was on a routine resupply operation and it was deemed by the United States Coast Guard that utilizing the Northwest Passage instead of the Panama Canal would yield considerable savings in time. Permission for the voyage was not officially sought by the United States government because of its position that the Northwest Passage is an international strait open to shipping. Conversely, the Canadian government opinion was that the passage was within Canada’s border. Still, Canada was notified of the impending voyage and decided to cooperate with the Americans so as not to prejudice each state legal position amidst a climate already made tense by the Cold War. Hence, it provided Canadian observers that were to stay aboard the ship for its entire resupply operation. As plans for the icebreaker’s voyage became public, controversy arose in parliament with sides claiming the icebreaker’s voyage would violate sovereignty while others stated it did not and called the argument “deliberately anti-American”.
The integrated value-creating and value-adding management system’s (as I-VMS) essence is: do not concentrate to value-creating activities chain but allows a new three pillar system-approach which is realize the activities integrated conception.
Maiya is a member of the ethnic Dungan minority. Born in China, she moved to Kazakhstan in 2007 and competes for Kazakhstan. Following her Olympic medal win the government Xinhua news agency claimed that Maiya and fellow weightlifter Zulfiya Chinshanlo should be regarded as Chinese. The government of Kazakhstan rejected this claim and accused China of "poor sportsmanship".
<doc id="28894066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28894066" title="The Essential Now That's What I Call Christmas">

In Summer 2012, Hasbro released a line of toys for The Hub's "Pound Puppies" series, consisting mainly of plush toys (including Lucky, Cookie, Rebound, Patches, Cupcake, and a minor character, Nutmeg.) and small figures. Each plush toy comes with an 'Adoption Certificate' tag that one can fill out. One can also access an official website and download a Pound Puppies adoption certificate.
Marqus Blakely
He is the current showrunner on "" and remains the executive producer of "NCIS" but handed the day-to-day operations over to Gary Glasberg after the original show's 8th season.
Awards and nominations.
Pools composition.
Biography.
Daulaire has directed multiple pioneering child health research projects, especially in the areas of community based management of childhood pneumonia and Vitamin A supplementation.
