Čelan's plays have been performed on the German radio and in theatres. In addition to her own plays, such as "The Last Story", "Woyzeck from Sarajevo" (both translated into English) and "Struwwelpit & Co.", she has directed twenty plays by classical authors, including Anton Chekhov, William Shakespeare, Edward Albee, Franz Kafka, Sophocles, and Samuel Beckett, in her theatre. Her works have been published in English, German and Serbo-Croatian. Čelan has translated texts written by Sylvia Plath, Leonid Andreyev and Isak Samokovlija among others.


Source:
In 2014, a very diminished Canadian team lost in the World Group first round to Japan 1–4 as both Raonic and Pospisil were injured and not able to play. Canada then had to play a playoff in September against Colombia to stay in the World Group next year. They won the tie 3–2 meaning that Canada will play in the World Group for the fourth straight year.

Vern (JazzWrap) on Zing!’s Magnetic Flux:
The King Cobras are a Central Auckland based gang with its origins born out of the Polynesian Panthers in the early 1970s whose ranks are predominantly Polynesian but not exclusive of others. Their reputed turf is reported to stretch from the Downtown area to Mangere and Papatoetoe. The Cobras also have a presence in the North Shore, and an established presence as far South as the Hutt Valley and the Wellington area. In 2009 it was reported that members of the gang had been involved in a multimillion dollar methamphetamine drug ring organised within Paremoremo Prison. The Cobras maintained a headquarters in Ponsonby up until August 2011 as they are reported to be shifting premises.
Clark is a Leeds United fan.
Bernard de Neumann
In the late 1990s, GA200 production was scaled down to make way for the GA8 Airvan.
The second verse contains references to Bryan Adams' hit "Summer of '69" and Cherry Valance, a character from S. E. Hinton's novel "The Outsiders". The song is used on the pilot episode of "Gossip Girl", in the movie Never Back Down, the fifth season Las Vegas episode "Run, Cooper Run", and in an episode of the fifth season of "One Tree Hill".

The film fell short of the director's ambition.
HK Spišská Nová Ves

The ninth Asian Championships in Athletics were held in 1991 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

<doc id="9994428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9994428" title="County of Adelaide">
He is regular guest on ABC Radio's Ted Bull program.
