Trained for the invasion of Sicily and entered combat on the night of 9 July 1943 by dropping paratroops near Gela. Although attacked by ground and naval forces while carrying reinforcements to Sicily on the night of 11 July. Transported supplies and evacuated wounded in the Mediterranean area until late in August when the group moved to Sicily for the invasion of Italy. Dropped paratroops of 82d Airborne Division south of Salerno on the night of 13 September 7943 and flew a reinforcement mission the following night.
137BC The first Roman to enter the area was Decimus Junius Brutus.
There was some controversy when the Canadian Supreme Court refused to hear the appeals of two American army deserters, Jeremy Hinzman and Brandon Hughey, whose requests for refugee status were denied. Both had deserted to Canada in 2004 after learning they were to be deployed to Iraq. The high court, as usual, gave no reasons for its refusal.


Manitoba Moose.
<doc id="25959014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25959014" title="Ballad of Orin">
Born in Paris, France, Yacine Elghorri always intended to work on either comic books or films. After graduating from college, he went to reputable film school "Ecole de l'Image GOBELINS" (Paris) to study the art of animation. There, he made two short animated jingles for T.V. and graduated as an assistant animator for 2D animation. Focusing on conceptual art and design, Yacine worked on a few T.V. series ( Flash Gordon, Lucky Luke ) and drew comics for various French magazines.
It was one of the last songs Tupac recorded. Near the end of the video for "Smile," Scarface is reciting a poem in memory of 2Pac, who was shot dead in September, 1996. And after Notorious B.I.G.'s violent death in March, Scarface acknowledged his passing as well at the end of the poem, despite not working with the latter rapper in the video right around the time it was first shown.


Peter Ferraro (1990–91, 1991–92) - NY Rangers, Pittsburgh, Boston, Washington

The seat opened when the Democrat John Arnold, Jr., of Sturgis in Union County resigned in September amid allegations that he had sexually harassed legislative staffers.Arnold had won the seat by only five votes over the Republican Tim Kline in the general election held on November 6, 2012.
