On May 17, 2012, the MMORPG "Star Trek Online" introduced the Ferasans as a playable race for the in-game Klingon Empire faction. The Ferasans were based upon the Kzinti from "The Slaver Weapon", but the alternate name "Ferasan" had to be chosen due to legal issues. 
Wales.
When caught by a person, they will tend to bite if agitated and require some effort to remove from skin. They very infrequently draw blood or cause injury.
When not traveling to promote his pistol-shooting methods, Applegate spent his last years at the Applegate House in Yoncalla, Oregon. Rex Applegate's daughter, historian Shannon Applegate, who writes and lectures on Oregon and the Applegate family history, lives in the adjacent homestead. Granddaughter, Jessica Applegate Brown, owns and manages Applegate House Vineyards, an organic vineyard on the historic Applegate House property.
Views of the US Government.
The Faculty of Science (Det Natur- og Biovidenskabelige Fakultet in Danish) at the University of Copenhagen consists of both mathematical and natural sciences, and is divided into 11 institutes including the Natural History Museum of Denmark. Some institutes are in turn divided into a number of sections and laboratories, and the faculty also encompasses several national and international research centres, and has a number of field stations in Denmark and in Greenland, among them the Arctic Station in central West Greenland.
Some influences on radical centrist political philosophy are not directly political. Robert C. Solomon, a philosopher with radical-centrist interests, identifies a number of philosophical concepts supporting balance, reconciliation, or synthesis, including Confucius's concept of ren, Aristotle's concept of the mean, Erasmus's and Montaigne's humanism, Vico's evolutionary vision of history, William James's and John Dewey's pragmatism, and Aurobindo Ghose's integration of opposites.
The Stockholm Stock Exchange () is a stock exchange located in Frihamnen, Stockholm, Sweden. Founded in 1863, it has become the primary securities exchange of the Nordic Countries. More than 300 companies have been listed for trading.
The cities of San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec and Tlacotalpan (Veracruz) are situated on the banks of the Papaloapan.
On December 28, 1967, the land was sold to the joint venture between King Ranch and the Friendswood Development Company, an Exxon subsidiary. Exxon's Friendswood Development Company hired John Bruton Jr. to serve as the Operations Manager in which he was responsible for the planning, development, engineering, and construction of Kingwood Plans for the community included greenbelts, shopping centers, schools, churches, recreational facilities, riding and hiking trails, and a boat ramp with access to Lake Houston.
Saccharin has no food energy. It has been suggested that it may trigger the release of insulin in humans and rats, as a result of its taste, but this has not been confirmed in controlled studies." This is similar for aspartame (another artificial sweetener).
Colleges.
Ulsan is divided into 4 "gu" (districts) and 1 "gun" (county).
Although the company initially vowed to keep all locations open during the reorganization efforts, the company announced in August 2008 the closure of all 26 underperforming stores. The company hired an outside company to assist in the liquidation of assets from the stores affected. The closures also marked a complete retreat by Mervyn's from the Idaho market, whose sole store in Boise was one of the ones marked for closure. In Texas, a complete retreat was slated from San Antonio, where all three remaining stores were marked for closure, in addition to the closure of the sole stores in Lubbock, Midland, and Odessa.

Bangladesh.
In December 2011, Future Shop opened its first liquidation centre in Quebec, in Greenfield Park.
<doc id="323329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=323329" title="Ma'ale Adumim">
According to CBS, as of 2000, in the city there were 9,560 salaried workers and 928 are self-employed. The mean monthly wage in 2000 for a salaried worker in the city is ILS 7,648, a real change of 10.4% over the course of 2000. Salaried males have a mean monthly wage of ILS 9,706 (a real change of 9.1%) versus ILS 5,760 for females (a real change of 12.6%). The mean income for the self-employed is 9,778. There are 378 people who receive unemployment benefits and 395 people who receive an income guarantee.
Several celebrities made cameo appearances on the show. These included Eamonn Holmes and Ainsley Harriott. The original shows were recorded before a studio audience, comprising mainly children, but the new programme used a post-production laughter track instead of an audience.
History.
Fragments of four other cycles of romances around the figure of the apostle Thomas survive, but this is the only complete one. It should not be confused with the early "sayings" "Gospel of Thomas". "Like other apocryphal acts combining popular legend and religious propaganda, the work attempts to entertain and instruct. In addition to narratives of Thomas' adventures, its poetic and liturgical elements provide important evidence for early Syrian Christian traditions," according to the "Anchor Bible Dictionary".
Some astronomical hypotheses at the time (such as epicycles and eccentrics) were seen as mere mathematical devices to adjust calculations of where the heavenly bodies would appear, rather than an explanation of the cause of those motions. (As Copernicus still maintained the idea of perfectly spherical orbits, he relied on epicycles.) This "saving the phenomena" was seen as proof that astronomy and mathematics could not be taken as serious means to determine physical causes. Tolosani invoked this view in his final critique of Copernicus, saying that his biggest error was that he had started with "inferior" fields of science to make pronouncements about "superior" fields. Copernicus had used mathematics and astronomy to postulate about physics and cosmology, rather than beginning with the accepted principles of physics and cosmology to determine things about astronomy and mathematics. Thus Copernicus seemed to be undermining the whole system of the philosophy of science at the time. Tolosani held that Copernicus had fallen into philosophical error because he had not been versed in physics and logic; anyone without such knowledge would make a poor astronomer and be unable to distinguish truth from falsehood. Because Copernicanism had not met the criteria for scientific truth set out by Thomas Aquinas, Tolosani held that it could only be viewed as a wild unproven theory.
Hemitheconyx is a genus of gecko.
in diameter and 1-6 inches (2-15 centimetres) high. Because not all of
Market position.
Bathurst is the site of a major timber processing facility, which uses timber harvested from the surrounding forests. There are large plantations of softwood timber (pinus radiata) that are harvested for timber products; the main product being sawlogs, and some pulp. Bathurst is the headquarters for the Macquarie Region of Forests NSW (a NSW Government Authority).
Habitat.


Pseudothecadactylus is a genus of geckos found in various states of Australia.

In New Zealand's first sedition trial in decades, Tim Selwyn was convicted of sedition (section 83 of the Crimes Act 1961) on 8 June 2006.
1994. September. First image database, SPIRO, debuts on the World Wide Web. [http://www.mip.berkeley.edu/spiro]

The upper classes wore hanbok of closely woven ramie cloth or other high-grade lightweight materials in warm weather and of plain and patterned silks the rest of the year. Commoners were restricted by law as well as resources to cotton at best. The upper classes wore a variety of colors, though bright colors were generally worn by children and girls and subdued colors by middle-aged men and women. Commoners were restricted by law to everyday clothes of white, but for special occasions they wore dull shades of pale pink, light green, gray, and charcoal. Formally, when Korean men went outdoors, they were required to wear overcoats known as "durumagi" which reach the knees.
