<doc id="27486351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27486351" title="Gago">
On April 28, 2010 James Sanders was fatally shot in Edgewood, Washington near Tacoma, while showing a diamond ring that was listed for sale in Craigslist.
David A Hubbard (born September 29, 1955) is a former college and professional American football player who is now a speaker and author on health and fitness.
Juan Carlos Garrido Fernández (born 29 March 1969) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of Al Ahly SC.
After the execution of Charles I, his son Charles II invaded England at the head of a largely Scottish army. Careless joined the king with a small force, described as a regiment of horse, as he advanced on Worcester and fought as a major under Lord Talbot at the Battle of Worcester. The Royalist forces were very heavily defeated. Careless fought to the end, covering the King's flight alongside a handful of others including the Earl of Cleveland, Sir James Hamilton, Colonel Thomas Wogan and Captains Hornyhold, Giffard, and Kemble. Careless and his companions made a number of desperate cavalry charges down Sudbury Street and High Street, though heavily outnumbered. Hamilton and Kemble were badly wounded, and a number of troopers were killed. Their actions allowed King Charles to escape the city by St. Martin's Gate. Careless reputedly witnessed the death of the last man to be killed in the battle.
A female friend at the Hamburgische Staatsoper Ballett (Hamburg State Opera Ballet) introduces him to the beauty of classical and modern ballet. He admires the strict techniques generating the smooth and effortless motion sequences that are abruptly interrupted by what seems to be a "freezing" of certain positions. The works reminiscent of dancers under the stroboscope, "Dancer" 1–4 (1986), were inspired by Wandrey’s freelance activities at light shows in many beat clubs. He developed "Circuit-Dancer" 1–4 in 1986 with specially manufactured printed circuit boards mounted on figure silhouettes of stainless-steel. He later completed the small sculptures "Techno-Dancer" 1–2 (2002) and numerous porcelain objects for the famous Meissen State Porcelain Factory.

Nortec Software is headquartered in Williston Park, New York 
The Royal Aero Club issued Aviators Certificates from 1910. These were internationally recognised under the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale.
<doc id="27491079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27491079" title="Unter dem Eis">
Vunjak was elected a fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering in 2002 and a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2012. In 2007, she became the first woman engineer to receive the distinction of giving the Director’s Lecture at the National Institute of Health. In 2008, she was inducted into the Women in Technology International Hall of Fame, and in 2009, she was elected to the New York Academy of Sciences. Vunjak is a recipient of the Clemson Award given by the Biomaterials Society.
Biography.
Since March 2014, Halligan has been a Partner at Gibson Dunn in New York, and is one of the firm's Appellate & Constitutional Law Practice Group leaders.
İbrahim Dağaşan
Moss Neck is an unincorporated community in Caroline County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
World War II service.
This mill was a "wipstellingmolen". It stood to the west of the Dokkumer Ee at . It was a barley mill. The mill was built between 1685 and 1718. In 1882 it was demolished as a steam powered mill had been erected.
