<doc id="861973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=861973" title="Praziquantel">
Winkie
He became head coach of Hungarian club Ferencváros on 18 December 2013.
On April 1, 2005, Matsudai, along with the town of Matsunoyama (also from Higashikubiki District), the town of Kawanishi, and the village of Nakasato, both from Nakauonuma District, was merged into the expanded city of Tōkamachi.
<doc id="862291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=862291" title="Gastornis">
From 378 BC to 356 BC, Timotheus frequently held command as "strategos" in the wars between Athens (in alliance with Thebes), and Sparta. At this time, Athens' ambition was to revive the Delian League and to regain command of the sea. In 375 BC, Timotheus was sent with a fleet to sail round Peloponnesus by way of a demonstration of Athens' power against Sparta. He persuaded Cephallenia to side with Athens and secured the friendship of the Acarnanians and Molossians. In 373 BC Timotheus was appointed to the command of a fleet for the relief of Corcyra, then beleaguered by the Spartans. But his ships were not fully manned, and to increase their manpower he cruised in the Aegean. The delay upset the Athenians, who brought him to trial; but, thanks to the intervention of his allies --Jason, tyrant of Pherae, and Alcetas of Epirus, King of the Molossians, both of whom went to Athens to plead his cause--he was acquitted. In way of support, Amyntas, King of Macedon, sent timber to Timeotheus' house in the Piraeus. Upon his acquittal, he went to sea with his fleet and captured Corcyra and then defeated the Spartans at sea off Alyzia (Acarnania). However, with little money to his name – for he had used his own funds to build up the Athenian fleet – he left Athens and took service with the king of Persia as a mercenary.
In the 1940s, on behalf of the Jewish Agency (Sochnut) and as part of the "The Hunting Season" or "Saison" Teddy Kollek was the Jewish Agency's contact person with the British Mandate MI5, providing information against right-wing Jewish underground groups Irgun and Lehi (known as "Stern Gang"). He succeeded Reuven Zaslani and preceded Zeev Sherf in this function, and was carrying out the Jewish Agency's policy of assisting the British in fighting these groups. In 1942 Kolleck was appointed the Jewish Agency's deputy head of intelligence. Between January 1945 and May 1946 he was the Agency's chief external liaison officer in Jerusalem and was in contact with MI5's main representative as well as members of British Military Intelligence. On 10 August 1945 he revealed to MI5 the location of a secret Irgun training camp near Binyamina. Twenty-seven Irgun members were arrested in the raid that followed.
<doc id="862559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=862559" title="Lokesh Chandra">

Following the United Kingdom's decision to leave the gold standard in September 1923, the Kolstad cabinet decided to abandon the standard the same month. At the same time, the cabinet devaluated the Norwegian krone which sank more than most other currencies in Europe, which helped the Norwegian export.
In 2008, Beard participated in an anti-fur campaign for the organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). She was photographed nude (again covering her breasts and not exposing her nipples) in front of an American flag. The flag in that photograph is hung incorrectly according the United States Flag Code with the blue field to the upper right. Shortly after the PETA campaign was released, accusations of hypocrisy surfaced. Beard had told a fashion blogger the year before that her favorite shoes were leather sandals, and she had stated during an interview with "SmartMoney" magazine that she would never buy a low-quality leather jacket.
By 1952, “broilers” surpassed farm chickens as the number one source of chicken meat in the United States.
Hantec slang
He showed genuine episcopal generosity in the liberal manner with which he met the views of the Emperor Otto II regarding the intended reduction in size of his diocese for the benefit of the new Diocese of Prague (975), to which Saint Adalbert was appointed first bishop. As prince of the empire he performed his duties towards the emperor and the empire with the utmost scrupulousness and, like Saint Ulrich, was one of the mainstays of the Ottonian policies. 

Current Squad.
The village was founded as early as the Thracian Era. However, the first documents of its existence date back to the 12th century. During Ottoman Bulgaria period locals defended the pass and enjoyed privileges for this reason. Only Bulgarians lived in the town;. During the period of Bulgarian National Revival, the town was heavily involved in the development of crafts. Houses from this period feature their own architectural design. The ground floors had irregular forms and housed craftsmen and traders. The upper floors featured wooden bow-windows, the roofs were covered with well arranged rocks.
The New 52.
The Chrysler was given a slight a facelift in October 1975 to become the CK series. Production ceased just one year later in October 1976 when the Chrysler was replaced by the Chrysler Regal SE, a prestige version of the CL Series Valiant.

Turtledove may refer to:
Governor of Tennessee.
Brian Wilde
Newton Cannon
At the outbreak of the Second Seminole War in 1836, Trousdale formed his own company, and was elected colonel of the Second Regiment, First Brigade. His regiment took part in several skirmishes, and helped defeat Seminole forces at the Battle of Wahoo Swamp in November 1836.
The interior design of the Villa was to be as wonderful, if not more so, than the exterior. Alessandro and Giovanni Battista Maganza and Anselmo Canera were commissioned to paint frescoes in the principal salons.
The French did not have the means to force battle, and the Prussians could have joined their larger forces in nearby Jena, but Prince Louis, apparently ignorant that Lannes's division on the field was but part of his forces (the rest were coming up) and that alone outnumbered him, chose to take a stand on the field. Prince Louis positioned his men on low ground outside the town, with their back to the river, and against the French who were attacking down hill. 
Martin Redmond (15 August 1937 – 16 January 1997) was a British Labour Party politician from Doncaster in South Yorkshire.
Upon reconnoitering the Austrian position, Masséna drew up his plan. General Gardanne was to form the apex of the army, deploying his forces on both sides of the Verona road, supported by Partouneaux's reserve, Jean Louis Brigitte Espagne's cavalry and a part of Julien Augustin Joseph Mermet's dragoons. To the left Molitor's division would deploy close to Ca dell'Ara and would set out to take the heights of Colognola. To the right, Duhesme would march on Gombione in order to fall upon Caldiero, but he was ordered to make his move towards midday. Finally Jean-Antoine Verdier would cross the Adige at Perzacco and turn the enemy left, with the support of Charles Joseph de Pully's cavalry while the rest of Mermet's cavalry would ensure contact with Verdier.
The Doctor of Technology degree may also be awarded as an honorary degree, that is, given to individuals who have made extensive contributions to a particular field and not necessarily for specific academic accomplishments. It is usual to signify this by adding (h.c.) for "honoris causa" after D.Tech. or to refer to the award as Hon.D.Tech. The Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland is one example of an establishment which awards such a degree. 
He died from a heart attack on 1 February 2013. During the last weekend of February 2013, the month in which Robin Sachs died, a "Mass Effect 3" multiplayer challenge was enacted: "Operation Tribute". 
History.
Wallace Foster Bennett (November 13, 1898 – December 19, 1993) was an American businessman and politician. A member of the Republican Party, he served as a United States Senator from Utah from 1951 to 1974. He was the father of Bob Bennett, who later held his seat in the Senate (1993–2011).
Haken's Lemma: Suppose that formula_52 is an essential two-sphere in "M" and "H" is a Heegaard splitting. Then there is an essential two-sphere formula_53 in "M" meeting "H" in a single curve.
The SNS released one-quarter of its antiviral drug inventory (Tamiflu and Relenza), personal protective equipment (PPE) and respiratory protection devices to help every US state respond to the H1N1 Influenza 2009 swine influenza outbreak in the United States.
During the 19th century the island was used as a navigational aid to ships sailing into Liverpool. Any vessel that passed the island without signalling, and waiting for, a pilot was liable to incur a fine. The S.S. "Liverpool", following a collision with a ship named "Laplata", was shipwrecked near Middle Mouse in 1863. She had on board a shipment of tin ingots. 
Andy Russell's recording, as produced by Johnny Mercer, became one of the first big hits for Capitol Records.
