The film features a cameo by Tommy Steele.

Thor remains in Asgard to deal with the vacuum left by Odin's apparent death, and drives off Hela; meets Tiwaz, his great-grandfather; forces Loki to cure him from the effects of a love potion; with allies enters Hela's realm and rescues lost mortal souls. Returning to Earth, Thor and Beta Ray Bill defeat the transformed Dark Elf Kurse, although Loki uses the power of Surtur's discarded sword to change Thor into a frog. After an adventure in Central Park, Thor manages to partially restore himself and then forces Loki to reverse the spell. While rescuing X-Factor member the Angel from torture by the mercenary team the Marauders, Thor is cursed by Hela, who makes his bones as brittle as glass and unable to heal if damaged; and renderes him truly immortal and unable to die no matter how severe his injuries. Thor is injured again during a battle with the Absorbing Man engineered by Loki, and is ultimately saved by Loki during a battle with the Dark Elves.
A native of Chicago, VADM Curtis graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1976 where he earned a bachelor’s degree in political science. Following commissioning, he attended the Surface Warfare Basic School in Newport, Rhode Island, and was awarded the Arleigh Burke Award.
For the third and second millennia, the correlation is not so fixed. A key document is the Venus tablet of Ammisaduqa, preserving record of astronomical observations of Venus, as preserved in numerous cuneiform tablets during the reign of the Babylonian king Ammisaduqa, known to be the fourth ruler after Hammurabi in the "relative calendar". In the series, the conjunction of the rise of Venus with the new moon provides a fixed point, or rather three fixed points, for the conjunction is a periodic occurrence. Astronomical calculation can therefore fix, for example, the first dates of the reign of Hammurabi in this manner either as 1848, 1792, or 1736 BC, depending on whether the "high" (or "long"), "middle" or "low (or short) chronology" is followed.
Hawkeye has appeared in numerous solo adventures over the years. He appeared in "Hawkeye" Vol. 1 #1–4 (1983), written by Mark Gruenwald (which was the character's first encounter with Mockingbird and the villain Crossfire). Hawkeye then appeared in "Hawkeye" Vol.2 #1–4 (1994) and "Hawkeye: Earth's Mightiest Marksman" #1 (1998). In 2003, Hawkeye had a short lived on-going series, "Hawkeye" Vol. 3, #1–8, which was soon cancelled. Writer Jim McCann and artist David Lopez had another unsuccessful attempt at an on-going series with "Hawkeye & Mockingbird" #1–6 (2010). The series did however spin into two limited series, beginning with "Widowmaker" #1–4 (2010–2011) and then "" #1–4 (2011). A fourth volume of "Hawkeye" began in August 2012 by the creative team of writer Matt Fraction and artist David Aja, which features a partnership with his protege, Kate Bishop.


Mintmarks
