<doc id="2810598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2810598" title="Laois GAA">
He was inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame in 1986.
International Softball Federation
Ewan Merenghi's agent, Jim Sykes, arrived early one season. Ewan's wife Cindy wished to be his agent and talked to Sykes about doing so. Sykes rejected Cindy's offer, but the two met at a hotel later on with Cindy attempting to bribe Sykes into accepting. During an investigation by the FA, it was discovered that Openshaw bribed Sykes during Merenghi's signing. Openshaw met Sykes and asked him for help, which Sykes refused. Openshaw went to church to pray for a way out; soon after, Sykes was found dead in his apartment from a gunshot wound to the head. Openshaw was arrested and questioned; his lack of an alibi and clear motive made him the prime suspect. Kyle Banner (Cindy Merenghi's ex-boyfriend), it turned out, killed Sykes to keep him from warning Merenghi about Banner.

As of 15 May 2011

Chambas is a municipality and town in the Ciego de Ávila Province of Cuba. 
This award may be approved by any commander (colonel and above), commanders exercising courts-martial authority, principal officials of Headquarters, Department of the Army staff agencies, and officials of general officer or Senior Executive Service rank.
John Dudley Fishburn, known as Dudley, was born in New York on June 8, 1946. He has a career as a business man with strong links to the not-for-profit world, particularly universities on both sides of the Atlantic. He is a journalist and Conservative politician, having been Executive Editor of "The Economist" and Member of Parliament of the United Kingdom (MP) for Kensington. Educated at Eton and Harvard College, from which he graduated in American History and Literature, he has an honorary Doctorate from the Open University. He is married to Victoria, daughter of Sir Jack Boles, and they have four children. Alice, the eldest, works as a journalist on the "Financial Times"; Honor was an assistant at Downing Street, having been David Cameron’s diary secretary. His brother-in-law, Nick Boles, is a Member of Parliament.

Battle of Peralta
In 1996, Cairn farmed out a 25% interest in the Sangu field to Halliburton in return for Halliburton bearing a 50% share of the development costs. In 1997, it sold half of all its Bangladeshi interests to Royal Dutch Shell in return for Shell assuming a $330 million carry of Cairn's exploration and development costs. This agreement gave Cairn an interest in Shell's huge acreage position in Rajasthan onshore in North West India. Cairn drilled two unsuccessful exploration wells and Shell then sold its 50% share to Cairn for $7.5 million: Cairn's third well, now 100% owned, found the Mangala oil field.
Box Office.
