Bel Air is a village in Saint Philip Parish in Barbados.

The Collectors is an album by the Canadian rock band The Collectors, released in 1968.
He married Adelaide Anne, sister of William George Murray, in 1871. 
Witschge earned 31 caps for the Netherlands national football team, in which he scored one goal. He made his debut on 21 February 1990 in a friendly against Italy (0–0), and was picked for the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy, under manager Leo Beenhakker.
When Philip was enthroned, he cajoled the Chalkidian League, but, after the seizure of Amphipolis and the Macedonian expansion in Thrace, Philip sought for the elimination of the Chalkidian League and for the destruction of its most powerful city, Olynthus. The Olynthians foresaw the danger and struck a deal with the Athenians, who had been their enemies. In 350 BC, Philip had already seized thirty-two cities of the Chalkidike. The next year Olynthus sent successive delegations to Athens, asking desperately for military support, but the Athenians displayed no willingness for a military operation far away from their city.
Walker also plays guitar in Sydney band "Ballet Imperial".
Saville Crowther – 1925 Frankford Yellow Jackets<br>
After eliminating all local resistance, on December 25, the rebels founded the Ezo Republic, with a government organization modeled after that of the United States, with Enomoto Takeaki, as President (総裁). While the governments of France and the United Kingdom conditionally recognized the new republic, the Meiji government in Tokyo did not.
Early years.

The PTS also operates a research institute offering social research services to public and private clients (Zakład Badań Naukowych PTS). The proceeds from its work contribute to the PTS budget.
<doc id="5825467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5825467" title="Arachnotermes">
Bythocrotus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders). Its only described species, Bythocrotus cephalotes, is endemic to Hispaniola.
Name.
Relationships.

Current squad.
Species.
Muziris is a lost city in India.
