1614 in Quebec
<doc id="15212977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15212977" title="Ar Rahaliyah">

Haggerston, later Constable Maxwell-Scott baronets, of Haggerston (1642).
2007: Jimmie Johnson<br>
Angie usually outsmarted George and had disrespected him in front of their children. Due to this, Benny is disgusted at what her son George has been reduced to, which further causes her to dislike Angie. Angie is also not above bullying George around with his power around the house. Ironically, she disapproves of the constant fighting between George and Benny and consistently tries to mend fences between them. In the episode "George Discovers How Mescal-ed Up His Life Would Have Been Without the Benny-Fits", Angie sides with Benny when George prevented her from winning a contest at work. She's also been described as a bad cook by mainly Benny and sometimes George. This may be because she was pampered like a princess during her childhood. A bit of a running gag in the series is whenever George says something that upsets Angie, he tries to make up an excuse for his actions while trying to kiss her wrist. Angie responds by pulling away and giving him a disgusted look. Another running gag is that whenever George is angry at her for something, such as a kept secret, she usually resorts to selling him her body in order to avoid consequence. Another running gag in the series is her hitting George at least once an episode after he says something she doesn't want to hear or something that she believes is too inappropriate in front of the kids. Also, despite being a housewife, Angie is rarely shown doing any house work in the series especially during the later seasons, heavily implying that she hardly ever does any work at all.


KCNJ14

New marketing and presentation practices also emerged. The custom of having a model as the contractually exclusive "face" of a single company arose when Revlon hired Lauren Hutton to promote their Ultima II line. The strategy was quickly adopted by other companies; notable 1970s spokesmodels included Karen Graham for Estée Lauder, Margaux Hemingway for Babe, and Catherine Deneuve for Chanel. Cosmetics companies also focused on service and appearance at the point of purchase. Clinique's projection of an image of scientific authority using immaculate make-up counters attended by white-coated employees was representative.
