The Fender J5 Telecaster is John 5's signature model Telecaster, and was designed in part by John 5 himself. The prototype built by Fender Custom Shop Artist Relations representative Alex Perez has served as John 5's main guitar since around 2003. The standard features that differentiate John 5's Telecasters from the traditional Telecaster design including dual volume controls instead of both a volume and tone control, a three-way toggle switch mounted through the upper bout, chrome pickguard, and a specially shaped headstock.
Kevin Schwantz’ 5th pole in a row. Luca Cadalora takes the start from Doug Chandler, Doohan, Alex Barros and Schwantz.

Bob Barrett (baseball)
<doc id="9251002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9251002" title="Dara clan">
Yaneer Bar-Yam was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1959. He received his B.S. degree in 1978 and his Ph.D. degree in 1984, both in physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was a Bantrell PostDoctoral Fellow, and a joint postdoctoral fellow at MIT and IBM. In 1991, after a junior faculty appointment at the Weizmann Institute, he became an Associate Professor of Engineering at Boston University. 
The park entrance is located on US Highway 62/180 approximately southwest of Carlsbad, New Mexico. Carlsbad Caverns National Park participates in the Junior Ranger Program. The park has two entries on the National Register of Historic Places: The Caverns Historic District and the Rattlesnake Springs Historic District. Approximately two thirds of the park has been set aside as a wilderness area, helping to ensure no future changes will be made to the habitat.
Addis Black Widow is a Swedish band. Their songs include "Innocent", "Wait in Summer", and "Goes Around Comes Around", which reached #2 on the Swedish Tracks Chart in 2001. 
"Ticklish Reuben" is a folk song written by Cal Stewart in 1900. Released on the Victor Label, the song is a prime example of the "laughing song" genre. Initially the tune starts off normally, then descends into an abyss of maniacal, sinister laughing.

Production.
Locations.
"Under Southern Lights", the latest album, boasts 10 tracks of Urbandub’s new approach to their own brand—their brilliance shines throughout a melodious rock tune and diverse songwriting. Alipe shares “We retreated to Cebu City for 2 months just to focus on writing. Then came back to Manila, did some fine tuning to the songs before recording them.”
Critics also have expressed concerns about first-generation biofuels, such as corn ethanol, on food prices and the environment. EBI’s focus is on next-generation biofuels, however, which include only non-food plant sources and agricultural waste material.
The samples include the following:
Automat (painting)
Nourse, Fullerton, Mann and Athol Rowan had toured England with the 1947 team; Nourse and Eric Rowan had toured with the 1935 side. Cheetham, Endean, Mansell, McGlew, McLean, Tayfield and Waite returned to England with the 1955 side, and McGlew, McLean, Tayfield and Waite came back for a third time with the 1960 team.
The Second Test, Manchester, 21-24 July 1928.
<doc id="9255628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9255628" title="Sri Lankan cricket team in England in 1981">
It Fit When I Was a Kid is the first EP for the "Drum's Not Dead" LP by Liars. It was the subject of some controversy when the original cover of the single was substituted for the censored version of the original. A special edition release featuring the original artwork is planned. The official vinyl release was limited to 500 copies. The song was remixed by Crystal Castles and is available online.
Hieros (ἱερός) is Greek for "sacred, sanctified".
and many short films and music videos.
These countries are: Afghanistan, Armenia, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Burma, Cambodia, China, East Timor, Fiji, Georgia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kiribati, Korea (North), Korea (South), Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Lebanon, Macau, Malaysia, The Maldives, The Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Mongolia, Nauru, Nepal, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niue, The Northern Mariana Islands, Oman, Pakistan, Palau, the Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea, The Philippines, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Samoa, Singapore, The Solomon Islands, Sri Lanka, Syria, Taiwan, Tajikistan, Thailand, Tonga, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu, The United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Vietnam, and Yemen.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

In July 1971 Butler was assigned as special assistant to the director, Office of Emergency Preparedness, Executive Office of the President, Washington, D.C. He again returned to the academy in January 1972, as an assistant professor in the political science department. After completing combat crew training in October 1972, he was assigned as chief pilot of the 53rd Military Airlift Squadron, 63rd Military Airlift Wing, Norton Air Force Base, California.
He introduced some of the basic notions, such as self-averaging, and discovered what is now called Lifshitz tails and Lifshitz singularity.


In the September–December 1986 Slade fan club magazine, the poll results were announced for the 1986 opinion poll based on Slade’s material. For the best single of the 80s, "Run Runaway" placed at No. 2.
Following the completion of the Syrian campaign in July, the regiment returned to Palestine in August, where a period of leave followed before the 6th Division Cavalry Regiment returned to Syria to undertake occupation duties around Aleppo and mount patrols along the Turkish border and the Euphrates. In November, the regiment was moved to Labboue, north of Baalbek where they endured harsh winter conditions while working to dig defensive positions as part of the Djedeide line. They remained there until March 1942, when the regiment was ordered to move to Palestine to return to Australia, following the outbreak of hostilities with Japan.
History.
Cactus Canyon is a pinball machine produced by Midway (under the "Bally" brand name). The marketing slogan is "The West has never been this wild !"

Variants.
Azaz was the scene of a humiliating defeat of the Byzantine emperor Romanos III in August 1030, but was soon after captured by the Byzantines under Niketas of Mistheia.
