God is said by the Hindu chronicler to have cherished Sian as a cow her calf. He frequented the society of holy men and was very happy in their company. He performed for them all menial officies, for he believed that serving saints was equivalent to serving God himself.
In a January 2009 interview with the "Orlando Sentinel", Strong expressed his belief that race played a large part in the reason that he hadn't been offered a head coaching job in 2009. Strong, whose wife is white, especially cited prospective employers' discomfort with his interracial marriage.
On September 5, 2006, Carr broke the motorcycle land speed world record at the Bonneville Salt Flats (Utah), with a two-pass 350.8 mph (562.6 km/h) average. He was the first motorcyclist to break the 350 mph barrier. Carr's fastest run was at 354 mph (567.8 km/h). 
Spinifex State College – Mount Isa opened in 2003. It is a three-campus co-educational school, with a Junior, Senior and Residential campus. Spinifex State College offers and educational program for years 8–12.
According to Joint Task Force Lebanon/Task Force 59 spokesperson Navy Commander Darryn James, since hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants began on July 12, 2006 the “sea bridge” and "air bridge" provided by U.S. Central Command and U.S. European Command assets helped nearly 15,000 American citizens safely depart Lebanon—one of the largest evacuations in U.S. military history. Dubbed Operation “Strengthen Hope”, Department of Defense (DoD) assets such as "HSV-2 Swift" were also instrumental in assisting in the distribution of millions of dollars (of a U.S. pledged $230 million) in humanitarian aid to the Lebanese people. Task Force 59 personnel, led by Marine Corps Brigadier General Carl Jensen, were the first to arrive in the “joint operation area” (JOA) region on July 16 where DoD assets evacuated 21 American citizens out of Beirut by helicopter on the first day. On July 21, DoD assets moved more than 3,000 people and brought the total of American citizens evacuated that week to more than 6,000. Sailors and Marines from the "Iwo Jima" (LHD 7) Expeditionary Strike Group (ESG) including "Nashville" (LPD 13), "Whidbey Island" (LSD 41), "Trenton" (LPD 14) and the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit (24th MEU) arrived on station July 20 and began using utility landing craft (LCU) to safely transport American citizens wishing to depart Lebanon to avoid the hostilities. By July 24, more than 12,000 American citizens had been pulled out of Lebanon. Most of the American citizens were transported to the island nation of Cyprus. The transfer in military responsibility to the organization that would become JTF Lebanon led by Navy Vice Admiral John "Boomer" Stufflebeem, continued the DoD mission to protect American citizens, support the American Embassy in Beirut, assist the people of Lebanon through humanitarian aid, and help the multinational effort to provide lasting regional stability.
Andrew Currie's "Fido", Matthew Leutwyler's "Dead & Breakfast", and Peter Jackson's "Braindead", are also good examples of zombie comedies. Sam Raimi's "Evil Dead II", although a horror film, contains some light hearted and dark comedy elements, and its sequel, "Army of Darkness", is even more comedic. "The Evil Dead" series does not, however, feature any traditional style zombies.

