Another one-step method of resolving singularities of a curve is to take a space of valuation rings of the function field of the curve. This space can be made into a nonsingular projective curve birational to the original curve.
LGP-associated but freelance consultant Frank C. Earl is porting the game "Caster" to Linux and has released the first episode and also developed the Linux version of "Cortex Command" being included in the second Humble Indie Bundle. He is also working towards other porting projects such as the entire "Myth" series. He is largely taking recommendations and he comments as part of the "Phoronix" community. icculus.org has ported beta releases for "" and "Devastation", versions of "America's Army", and the titles "Prey", "Aquaria", "Braid", "Hammerfight" and "Cogs".
Notable former players.
Palmer and Hayden returned to vaudeville in 1919, and also got married that same year, but did not do many shows afterward. They retired from vaudeville in early 1920s. 
The House of the Angel
En la ardiente oscuridad (film)



By the mid of June 1947, the nationalists had given up the attempt to reinforce Northeast China by sending nationalist 43rd Division of the 94th Army. Instead, the nationalist 43rd Division was deployed to the south of Tianjin along with other nationalist units, including the nationalist 16th Army, the nationalist Reorganized 62nd Division, the nationalist 142nd Division of the 92nd Army. In the region north of Baoding, the nationalists had six divisions and two regiments, including the Independent 95th Brigade, the 2nd Security Division and the 3rd Security Division stationed at Baoding. For the region along the railway from Gaobei Hotel (Gao Bei Dian, 高碑店) to Xushui (徐水) and the regions of Yi (易) county and Laishui (涞水), they were garrisoned by the nationalist 5th Division and 121st Division of the nationalist 94th Army, the 7th Security Division, and a regiment of the109th Division of the nationalist 16th Army. The communists decided to launch an offensive against the nationalists in the region north of Baoding in accordance with the communist Summer Offensive of 1947 in Northeast China.
<doc id="9917670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9917670" title="Kinnickinnic River (St. Croix River)">
The main school building is separated into three sections - one being the old building, one being the "new" building and one being the new Performing Arts facility, opened in 2010. The old building has two floors, the ground floor consisting of the English Department and some of the Modern Languages department.
