
Johnson graphs are a special class of undirected graphs defined from systems of sets. The vertices of the Johnson graph formula_1 are the formula_2-element subsets of an formula_3-element set; two vertices are adjacent when they meet in a formula_4-element set. Both Johnson graphs and the closely related Johnson scheme are named after Selmer M. Johnson.

On 11 April, the anti-government march, the message "remove Chávez", and the call to redirect the march to the presidential palace in Milaflores, were "widely announced, promoted, and covered by private television channels, whose explicit support for the opposition became evident." A steady stream of unpaid ads asked Venezuelans to participate in the insurrection.

<doc id="2949495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2949495" title="Michael F. Jacobson">

The Angels ultimately win the final game of the regular season without the help of the angels and clinch the division pennant over the rival Chicago White Sox, thanks to Mel. Murphy fires Ranch due to his snide remarks over the team. The film ends with George adopting both Roger and J.P. as he wants to try be a father. J.P. sees Al at the window and says "I knew it could happen." Al circles around the house and says "We're always watching" and flying off into the stars, which re-enact a baseball game.
The Allied powers who defeated Nazi Germany in World War II asserted governmental authority over all territory of the German Reich which lay west of the Oder–Neisse line, having formally abolished the German government of Adolf Hitler. (See 1945 Berlin Declaration.) The four powers divided Germany into four occupation zones for administrative purposes. This division was ratified at the Potsdam Conference (17 July to 2 August 1945). In Autumn 1944 the United States, United Kingdom, and Soviet Union had agreed on the zones by the London Protocol. The powers detached the German eastern territories, lying east of the Oder-Neisse line, from Germany and awarded it to Poland and the USSR, resulting in the "shifting westward" of Poland's borders back to as they were before 1722. In the closing weeks of fighting in Europe, United States forces had pushed beyond the agreed boundaries for the future zones of occupation, in some places by as much as . The so-called line of contact between Soviet and American forces at the end of hostilities, mostly lying eastward of the July 1945-established inner German border was temporary. After two months in which they had held areas that had been assigned to the Soviet zone, U.S. forces withdrew in the first days of July 1945. Some have concluded that this was a crucial move that persuaded the Soviet Union to allow American, British, and French forces into their designated sectors in Berlin, which occurred at roughly the same time (July 1945), although the need for intelligence gathering (see Operation Paperclip) may also have been a factor.

Doc, Ira and Rene are sent home as part of the seventh bond tour drive to raise money for the war effort. When they arrive to a hero's welcome in Washington, Doc notices that Hank's mother is on the list of mothers of the dead flag raisers. Ira angrily denounces the bond drive as a farce. The men are reprimanded by Bud Gerber of the Treasury Department, who tells them that the country cannot afford the war and if the bond drive fails the U.S. will abandon the Pacific and their sacrifices will be for nothing. The three agree not to tell anyone that Hank was not in the photograph.
