In the 2004 Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the cycling women's points race, the first Colombian to win a medal in cycling. She was forced to return the medal after positive test result for the banned stimulant heptaminol. The medal was returned, however, after the test result was proven incorrect.
Bullying is usually associated with an imbalance of power. A bully has a perceived authority over another due to factors such as size, gender, or age. Bullies are not identifiable by their appearance or group identification; rather we need to focus on how they act. The definition of bullying briefly describes actions that are exhibited by an individual that is playing the role of a bully. Boys find motivation for bullying from factors such as not fitting in, physical weakness, short temper, who their friends are, and the clothes they wear. Bullying among girls, on the other hand, results from factors such as not fitting in, facial appearance, emotional factors, being overweight, and academic status. In both sexes, a speech impediment of some sort (such as stutter) can also become the target of a bully.

The class D station was originally assigned the call letters WRAG by the FCC and began broadcasting in August 1951. The 1,000 watt daytime-only station was licensed to Pickens County Broadcasting, Inc., which was itself owned by Roth E. Hook and W.E. Farrar.
Geography.
From 1979 to 1984, it consisted of the Westminster Parliament constituencies of Altrincham and Sale, Bolton East, Bolton West, Eccles, Farnworth, Leigh, Salford East, Salford West, and Stretford.
North Wales was a European Parliament constituency which roughly covered the unofficial region of North Wales, from 1979 until 1999. It was held by the Conservative Party from 1979 until 1989, during which time it was their only seat in Wales.
The Amphitheatre of Serdica (; , "Amfiteatar na Serdika") was an amphitheatre in the Ancient Roman city of Ulpia Serdica, now Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. Discovered in 2004 and the subject of excavations in 2005 and 2006, the ruins of the amphitheatre lie on two adjacent sites in the centre of modern Sofia. The amphitheatre was built in the 3rd–4th century AD on top of a 2nd–3rd century theatre which had been ravaged by the Goths. However, the amphitheatre remained in use for less than a century and was abandoned by the 5th century.
