Universal gateways vs. protocol converters.
Although the Panzer IV was deployed to North Africa with the German Afrika Korps, until the longer gun variant began production, the tank was outperformed by the Panzer III with respect to armor penetration. Both the Panzer III and IV had difficulty in penetrating the British Matilda II's thick armor, while the Matilda's 40-mm QF 2 pounder gun could knock out either German tank; its major disadvantage was its low speed. By August 1942, Rommel had only received 27 Panzer IV Ausf. F2s, armed with the L/43 gun, which he deployed to spearhead his armored offensives. The longer gun could penetrate all American and British tanks in theater at ranges of up to . Although more of these tanks arrived in North Africa between August and October 1942, their numbers were insignificant compared to the amount of matériel shipped to British forces.

Hildebrando Fuentes
The crest, above the shield, is a crying towel, presented with the compliments of the 496L SPO SPO responsible for the development of Project Space Track. It is supported by two wings, depicting the hopeful thought that, if things get too tough, you can always go fly.
The following ones have been individually listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and hence are individually notable.

Mixed martial arts career.
Islam.
Thomas Palfreyman dedicated his "Divine Meditations" to Lady Harington in 1572.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars and stated "The sparse setting (unusual for a Dorham session) works quite well".
The Medics is an Australian rock band formed in Cairns, Queensland in 2007. In April 2010 they moved to Brisbane. The band was formed by Jhindu Lawrie, Charles Thomas, Kahl Wallace and Emma Andrews, later expanding to a five piece band with Andrew Thomson. Andrews left the band, reducing it back to four members. They are mentored by Lawrie's father, Coloured Stone's Bunna Lawrie. They released their debut ep in 2008 and followed it up with a second in 2010. 
Prichotilus bidens is a moth of the Pterophoridae family. It is known from India (Khasi Hills).
The ranges of this sparsely-populated mountain area have the most important forested zone of the region. Thus the area of the Tinença de Benifassà together with the neighboring Serra del Turmell and Serra de Vallivana mountain chains was declared a Site of Community Importance by the European Union under the name Tinença de Benifassà, Turmell i Vallivana.
Another possible event is a query call which has the option set to flush the cache of objects in the target class, so that changed objects currently in your cache become part of the current query execution evaluation.
<doc id="29079859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29079859" title="Vicente Sancho y Cobertores">
In order to maximize effectiveness, the amount of the fee would be regulated based on the scientific assessments from both the economic science and the climate science in order to balance the amount of the fee and speed of fee progression.
When the moderates came back to power in 1844, starting a period known as the "Moderate Decade", Mon was called by the new Prime Minister Ramón María Narváez, 1st Duke of Valencia, again as Minister of Finance. He held this post from 1844 to 1845, and carried out the Tax reform of 1845, which established the basis of the current tax system of Spain. This reform was executed in collaboration with Ramón de Santillán, and it s popularly known as the "Mon-Santillán reform".
Joining the northern circuit, Quain obtained a considerable practice. In 1866 he became a queen's counsel, and in 1867 was made attorney-general for the county palatine of Durham and a bencher of the Middle Temple. He was appointed a judge of the queen's bench in December 1871, took his seat at the beginning of Hilary term 1872, and was knighted. His health failed early in 1876, and, after some months of intermittent illness, he died at his house, 32 Cavendish Square, London, on 12 Sept., and was buried at Finchley. He was unmarried. His law library was presented to University College, London, by his brother, Professor Richard Quain, M.D., in 1876.
He became the bantamweight boxing champion of the world when he knocked out Monte Attell in 42 rounds on February 22, 1910. In 1912 he was knocked out by Mexican Joe Rivers. He died on August 21, 1952.
The two decades following World War II brought many changes to the community of Sussex. In 1954-1955, a new bridge was built over Powder River about one hundred yards west of Sussex, and the old steel bridge was moved to a ranch downstream. The Sussex Road (Wyoming Highway 192) was paved in 1956. The dilapidated Sussex Hotel burned down in 1962. A large flood of the Powder River in 1962 destroyed the new Sussex store and post office adjacent to the Sussex Community Hall. The post office was relocated to Kaycee, Wyoming in 1963. Use of the old hall fell off with the advent of better roads, more cars, and television which helped create a different type of social interaction than that type provided by community centers. The Sussex Women's Club bought the building from Maude Leitner in the year of the flood (1962), and continued to operate and maintain it until its sale to the Sussex Ditch Company in 1995.
Reward and regulation.
The Institute for Self-Reliant Agriculture was organized by a group of former Benson Institute staff applying the same principles.
