STL can also be used for interchanging data between CAD/CAM systems and computational environments such as Mathematica.
The LR5 is a manned submersible which was used by the British Royal Navy until 2009 when it was leased to support the Royal Australian Navy. It is designed for retrieving sailors from stranded submarines and is capable of rescuing 16 at a time.
When he was four years old, his parents moved to San Sebasti치n. He wrote his first song at the age of 15. He taught himself how to sing. Alex replied "Without thinking, just because, I would write a song. That's how I started at 15. Then one day I finished a song that I liked and wanted someone to listen to it, I wanted to sing it to someone. That first song still exists, it's written but not recorded. From that moment on I kept writing"...
In the Smalcald Articles, Luther summarized what he regarded to be the most important teaching in Christianity. The Articles were highly prized by John Frederick who ordered that they be made a part of his last will and testament. And though they were not adopted at the meeting of the Schmalkaldic League in 1537, they were widely used and were incorporated into the "Book of Concord" in 1580 as one of the Lutheran Confessions of the faith.
The Court reversed the appellate court decision. It affirmed the constitutional power of Congress to regulate interstate commerce, which power "can neither be enlarged nor diminished by the exercise or non-exercise of state power." FindLaw. The Court held that the purpose of the Act was to prevent states from using substandard labor practices to their own economic advantage through interstate commerce. In the Dagenhart case, the Court had made the distinction between manufacturing and interstate commerce, so that a business could argue it was engaging in the former, but had not intended the latter. Twenty-two years later, the Court found that earlier argument facile, explaining that Congress was well aware that businesses produce their goods without thought to where they will go; product is pulled and shipped to meet the orders of the day. The Court also found that the requirement of record keeping was entirely appropriate as a matter of enforcing the Act. 
Nahuizalco is home to Rishon Lezion, the Only Kibbutz 100% Jewish Orthodox outside of the Land of Israel.
WWCR mainly leases out its four transmitters to religious organizations and speakers. However, it does air a few hours of original programming per week.

The "Alex" underwent an extensive renovation in 1993 which restored much of the original wall-painting and decorations, as well as the neon spire added by S. Charles Lee.
He was able to return to Venezuela following the death of the dictator Juan Vicente G칩mez in 1935. Taking advantage of the freedom of speech allowed by G칩mez's successor in office, Eleazar L칩pez Contreras, Otero Silva began writing humorous poetry in newspapers, with a certain political content. Tagged soon as a communist, the government expelled him once again from the country in 1937. In these years, he went on traveling through Mexico, United States and Colombia.

<doc id="2389393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2389393" title="Ahmad Faraz">
The strike ended on December 14, 2009.
Competitions.
This era, however, was notably hostile to fantasy. Writers of the new types of fiction such as Defoe, Richardson, and Fielding were realistic in style, and many early realistic works were critical of fantasical elements in fiction. Aside from a few tales of witchcraft and ghost stories, very little fantasy was written during this time. Even children's literature saw little fantasy; it aimed at edifying and deplored fairy tales as lies.
Sophie Koh is a singer and songwriter based in Australia. 

Meiktila
TREND (Turning Resources and Energy in New Directions), SCHS' drug-free group, continues to be active in organizing alternative activities for the district. Each year, TREND hosts many assemblies, including one by Camfel Productions, as well as speakers who present drug awareness messages to the student body.
Verse 2
