
Bird of prey (disambiguation)
Bainbridge Island, WA brothers Andrew and Kevin Wood, along with Dave Hunt and Dave Rees formed Malfunkshun, originally as a four-piece and not the power trio they became known as. David Hunt and Dave Rees played with Malfunkshun for only one show, the former on drums and the latter on bass. After Rees and Hunt left, Andy took over bass and drummer Regan Hagar was recruited from Maggot Brains.
She joined the Liberal Party, and met John Howard at a Liberal Party function. They were married on 4 April 1971, at St Peter's Anglican Church in Watsons Bay.
One of the original Metrorail stations, Brickell opened along with the initial stretch of the system from Dadeland South to Historic Overtown/Lyric Theatre, then called "Overtown." The Metromover station opened ten years later on May 26, 1984.
Even before the SALVO tests, Irwin Barr of AAI Corporation had been developing single and multiple flechette cartridges. The Navy became sufficiently interested in the concept to provide him with some development funding from the Office of Naval Research, resulting in a 12 gauge shotgun shell firing 32 flechettes. The Army later added funding as well, and AAI was invited to SALVO. In SALVO testing they were found to be able to penetrate one side of a standard steel helmet at —excellent given their light weight—but the dispersion of the darts was so great as to make them only marginally useful.
Between 1927 and 1939, he attended the Paris Conservatoire and achieved First Prize in Harmony under André Bloch and First Prize in Fugue with Georges Caussade. He studied the organ with Marcel Dupré, under whose direction he took first prize for Organ and Improvisation in 1939. His studies in composition with Paul Dukas and Jean Roger-Ducasse won him the "Prix des amis de l'orgue" in 1936 for his "Suite for Organ Op. 48, Introduction, Variations, Scherzo and Choral". He was appointed organist of Saint-Nicholas de Maisons Lafitte in Paris in 1935, and remained there for four years. He also played regularly at the Rue Notre-Dame-de-Nazareth synagogue, where the only known recording of his playing—a six-minute improvisation—was made in 1938.
As regards the natural geography of the region, the valley of the Wisłok and its tributaries are interspersed with the low, sparsely wooded hills of the Dynowsko-Strzyżowskie Plateau. The region also includes the Czarnorzecko-Strzyżowski Landscape Park and the Sędziszowsko-Strzyżowska and Hyżyńsko-Gwoźnicka protected areas.
Alternatively, Li-ion and LiPo batteries have been becoming more popular with bicyclists due to their higher capacity and lighter weight compared with conventional batteries. More specifically, the 18650 battery, which has been popular with electric car manufacturers (for the same reasons) and are commonly found in laptops and flashlights.
A telescopic sight, commonly called a scope, is a sighting device that is based on an optical refracting telescope. They are equipped with some form of graphic image pattern (a reticle) mounted in an optically appropriate position in their optical system to give an accurate aiming point. Telescopic sights are used with all types of systems that require accurate aiming but are most commonly found on firearms, particularly rifles. Other types of sights are iron sights, reflector (reflex) sights, and laser sights.
