Personal life.
An aircheck of New York City radio station WABC from November 9, 1965 reveals Dan Ingram doing a segment of his afternoon drive time show, during which he notes that a record he's playing (Jonathan King's "Everyone's Gone to the Moon") sounds slow, as do the subsequent jingles played during a commercial break. The station's music playback equipment used motors that got their speed timing from the frequency of the powerline, normally 60Hz. Comparisons of segments of the hit songs played at the time of the broadcast, minutes before the blackout happened, in this aircheck, as compared to the same song recordings played at normal speed reveal that approximately six minutes before blackout the line frequency was 56 Hz, and just two minutes before the blackout that frequency dropped to 51 Hz. As Si Zentner's recording of "(Up a) Lazy River" plays in the background – again at a slower-than-normal tempo – Ingram mentions that the lights in the studio are dimming, then suggests that the electricity itself is slowing down, adding, "I didn't know that could happen." When the station's "Action Central News" report comes on at 5:25 pm (ET), the staff remains oblivious to the impending blackout. The lead story is still Roger Allen LaPorte's self-immolation at United Nations Headquarters earlier that day to protest American military involvement in the Vietnam War. The newscast gradually fizzles out as power is lost by the time the newsman starts delivering the second story.
"American Economic Review", 70(2), pp. 250-257.   • _____, 2011. "Statistical Modeling of Monetary Policy and its Effects", Nobel Prize lecture.   • John P. Judd and John L. Scadding, 1982. "The Search for a Stable Money Demand Function: A Survey of the Post-1973 Literature," "Journal of Economic Literature", 20(3), pp. 993-1023.   • Christina D. Romer and David H. Romer, 1989. "Does Monetary Policy Matter? A New Test in the Spirit of Friedman and Schwartz,", "NBER Macroeconomics Annual 1989", 4, downloadable at ch. 3 and at "Journal of Monetary Economics", 1994, 34(1), pp. 75-88. Abstract.   • Dennis L. Hoffman, Robert H. Rasche, and Margie A. Tieslau, 1995. "The Stability of Long-run Money Demand in Five Industrial Countries," "Journal of Monetary Economics", 35(2), pp. 317-339 Abstract.   • Robert G. King and Charles I. Plosser, 1984. "Money, Credit, and Prices in a Real Business Cycle," "American Economic Review", 74(3), pp. 363-380. Reprinted in Finn E. Kydland, ed., 1995. "Business Cycle Theory", pp. 136-55.   • Tack Yun, 1996. "Nominal Price Rigidity, Money Supply Endogeneity, and Business Cycles," "Journal of Monetary Economics", 37{2}, pp. 345–70. Abstract.   • Arturo Estrella and Frederic S. Mishkin, 1997. "Is There a Role for Monetary Aggregates in the Conduct of Monetary Policy?" "Journal of Monetary Economics", 40(2), pp. 279-304. Abstract.</ref>
Giuliano, who had held up his end of a bargain, was outraged and promised retaliation. Shortly after seeing his mother and Mariannina for what would be the last time at a June picnic in the countryside, the bandit learned that, besides the broken promise of a pardon, Santo Fleres' Mafia faction was informing law enforcement of Giuliano's movements. On 17 July 1948 two local Partinico bandits, hired by Giuliano, assassinated Fleres in that town's square. Thereafter, most of the Mafia organizations worked against Giuliano, effectively sealing his eventual fate. In the first action by any Mafiosi after Fleres' death, Giuliano opted out late in a law enforcement-Mafia fake escape to Tunisia by speedboat, probably forewarned by a still friendly Mafia faction or politician. Law enforcement also stepped up its own campaign against the bandit. At the end of 1948 his entire family was under arrest on some pretext (and the Carabinieri occupied the family house, which the band occasionally fired on at night). From the middle of 1948 until Giuliano's death Montelpre was occupied in some state of siege by law enforcement, making the inhabitants' lives miserable.
Papageorgio et al. also found that DMS patients had a lower P300 amplitude in the right hemisphere compared to the control group (non-DMS patients). From this result, the researchers implied that shorter P300 amplitudes are highly correlated with gray matter abnormalities; this finding is consistent with the DMS patients' characteristics and the presence of gray-matter deterioration. DMS patients were also found to have prolonged P300 lag, and their memory performance was lower than the control groups. The researchers were, thus, able to imply that DMS patients have trouble in focusing their resources to a stimulus; this was hypothesized to be caused by the neurodegeneration of the right hemisphere. Overall, other research studies have also provided evidence in the correlation of DMS and gray-matter degeneration of the right frontal region, which controls attentional resources. This research is important, because it can help determine the mechanisms of DMS, which can then help conjure a more effective target drug and/or treatment plan for those suffering from DMS.
Environment.
When Buddhism was introduced to Korea in the 4th century CE, the Korean peninsula was politically subdivided into three kingdoms: Goguryeo in the north (which included territory currently in Russia and China), Baekje in the southwest, and Silla in the southeast. There is concrete evidence of an earlier introduction of Buddhism than traditionally believed. A mid-4th century tomb, unearthed near P’yǒngyang, is found to incorporate Buddhist motifs in its ceiling decoration.
Romania's government also took measures to reduce public discontent by reducing investments in heavy industry, boosting output of consumer goods, decentralizing economic management, hiking wages and incentives, and instituting elements of worker management. The authorities eliminated compulsory deliveries for private farmers but reaccelerated the collectivization program in the mid-1950s, albeit less brutally than earlier. The government declared collectivization complete in 1962, when collective and state farms controlled 77% of the arable land.
jovial goliard, Alphonso Martinez de Toledo, arch-priest of
<doc id="297211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=297211" title="Anthony Wood">
"Other publicly owned regional passenger carriers in Canada:"
Phu Sa Dok Bua (ภูสระดอกบัว): On the mountain top one finds 11 stone pools, each a few metres wide. It is quite strange that all of them are occupied by different species of colourful lotus which normally are found in swamps. Locals insist that no one planted the lotus and that they occur naturally. So, they named these pools "Phu Sa Dok Bua", literally "Mountain Lotus Pool". Nearby is a huge cave which can accommodate hundreds of people. It once served as a stronghold of the Communist Party of Thailand. 
Historical.
