Chloropicrin was first discovered in 1848 by a Scottish chemist John Stenhouse. He prepared it by the reaction of a chlorinating agent with picric acid:

Bizzarrini applied all the ideas he had developed working on the GTO and together with the car body specialist Piero Drogo developed an aerodynamically advanced body, even lower than GTO, with the roof line dramatically extended to the rear end following Kamm aerodynamic theory. The resulting shooting-brake appearance led to the French press nicknaming it ""La Camionette"" (little truck), while the English-speaking journalists called it the "Breadvan."
In December 2012 it was announced that Natalie Glebova will compete in reality TV show "Dancing with the Stars Thailand".
JavaSpaces.

If the communication meets the above requirements, then it may be considered by the Committee of Experts. When a complaint reaches the committee, a group will be assigned to work on it to decide if it is acceptable. If it is acceptable then they will give feedback both to the country where the problem is located. If there are gaps, then the committee will ask the country to take measures to protect the complainant while it is being investigated further.
On the death on Christmas Day 1988 of his remote kinsman, Edward Pelham-Clinton, 10th Duke of Newcastle-under-Lyne (1920–1988), Fiennes-Clinton inherited the earldom of Lincoln, although not the dukedom which for ten generations had gone with it. That was because he was the senior male heir to the title through his ancestor Sir Henry Clinton, of Kirkstead, Lincolnshire, third son of the 2nd Earl of Lincoln, who died in 1616, but he was not descended from the first Duke of Newcastle. His ancestors had served in public life since John de Clinton, 1st Baron Clinton had been summoned to Parliament in 1299, and in the 18th century one predecessor had twice served as Prime Minister. The barony of Clinton is also extant, but as is customary with titles created by writ of summons, it can pass through the female line, and today is held by another distant branch of the family.
Notes.
Organic growth figures are adjusted for the effects of acquisitions and disposals of businesses. Organic growth does include growth over a period that results from investment in businesses the company owned at the beginning of the period. What it excludes is the boost to growth from acquisitions, and the decline from sales and closures of whole businesses. 
with:
BBC Food was phased out in Africa in September 2008, and in Scandinavia in December 2008. The channel was replaced by the new BBC Lifestyle. The BBC Food website was also closed.
where "C" is a function of ε for which the proof provides no explicit lower bound (see effective results in number theory).
