In January 1943, the regiment returned to Australia aboard the transport "Ile de France" as part of the final of the transference of Australian ground troops from the Middle East to the Pacific. After leave, the 2/12th re-formed at Kairi, on the Atherton Tablelands in Queensland in April 1943. A period of reorganisation and training followed as the 2/12th was prepared for the rigours of jungle warfare. In late July, they embarked by detachments at Cairns upon several transports including "Manoora", "Van Heutz", "W Ellery Channing", "Henry T Allen" and the "Van Der Lijn", bound for New Guinea where they were to join the fighting against the Japanese. After arriving at Milne Bay in August, they subsequently took part in landings around Lae and then Finschhafen in September, and saw action during the Huon Peninsula campaign. Supporting the 20th Brigade during the initial landing around Scarlet Beach, once Finschhafen was secured, the regiment's guns support the attack on Sattelberg from the coastal plain, before supporting further advances north as part of the drive towards Sio before returning to Australia in early 1944. After a year-long interlude training around Ravenshoe, Queensland, the regiment undertook its final campaign of the war in 1945, providing fire support during the Battle of North Borneo. Assigned to support the 24th Brigade, during the landing on Labuan two troops of the 2/12th came ashore alongside the assaulting infantry in LVTs, something the Australian Army had not done before. Later, during June, 14 guns from the regiment were moved by barge to support operations around Beaufort. At the end of the war, the regiment was disbanded with its last war diary entry being made on 1 March 1946. 
<doc id="30242764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30242764" title="1985 Pittsburgh Panthers football team">
1995 Eastern YC - Dru Slattery, Martha Quigley Dillon, Linda Epstein, Ellie Schnabel

Santiago Rodriguez (pianist)
After the failure of "Shock", Harish Shankar faced struggles in his career. He narrated the script of "Mirapakaay" in the tile "Romantic Rishi" first to Pawan Kalyan, After listening to interval episode, Pawan Kalyan gave him a go-ahead. But that project didn’t materialise due to certain reasons. It was Ravi Teja who gave Harish's birth and rebirth as a director. During the shooting time of Shock he said that he would do another film with him irrespective of the commercial outcome of Shock. Harish was feeling guilty all this while and didn’t approach him. He called him and asked for a story. Then he narrated the script of Mirapakai. She was signed after the director of the film, Harish Shankar, had noticed her at the success party of her previous film Leader. He initially offered her the role played by Deeksha as she was an NRI, but when they met to review the script, he was convinced that Richa would do justice to the character of Vinamra, a traditional Brahmin girl.
Ghezzi
According to Nikolai Ryzhkov, the Soviet Premier at the 27th Party Congress, the Eleventh Five-Year Plan had not been able meet the USSR's fuel requirements. 
Cao Thang Eye Hospital (CT Eye Hospital, Bệnh viện mắt Cao Thắng), incorporated in 2001, is the leading private ophthalmology hospital of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, that integrates clinical and hospital care services with medical research and institutional education. Cao Thang is recognized as one of the very few hospitals in Vietnam, achieving international standard by Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
Michael Middleton Dwyer
He was created a life peer by David Cameron in 2010, and since then has been Co-Chairman of the Conservative Party.
