Bettws-y-Crwyn is a small, remote village and civil parish in south west Shropshire, England. It is close to the Welsh border, and is one of a few English villages to have a Welsh language placename, which translates roughly as "chapel of the fleeces". The parish name was formerly written simply as Bettws, and the suffix, probably a local name for the church, only appears in written records in the nineteenth century. The parish, including the hamlets of Anchor (which has a pub of the same name), Quabbs and Hall of the Forest had a total population of 212 at the 2001 census.

<doc id="3232021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3232021" title="Brian Gibbons">
In the seventh century, a wave of Irish monasticism spread over Italy. The foundation in Bobbio of the Abbey of Saint Columbanus, and the foundation of Farfa by monks from Gaul, about 681, heralded a revival of the great Benedictine tradition in Italy. The "Constructio Monasterii Farfensis", which dates probably from 857, relates at length the story of its principal founder Thomas of Maurienne; he had made a pilgrimage to Jerusalem and spent three years there. While in prayer before the Holy Sepulchre, the Virgin Mary in a vision warned him to return to Italy, and restore Farfa; and the Duke of Spoleto, Faroald II, who had also had a vision, was commanded to aid in this work. At a very early date we find traces of this legend in connexion with the foundation by three nobles from Benevento of the monastery of St. Vincent on the Volturno, over which Farfa claimed jurisdiction. Thomas died in 720; and for more than a century Frankish abbots ruled at Farfa.
Masturbation.
A'arab Zaraq
The proposed park occupies an area of 119 Ha. (approx.) spreading over into Sector 23, 24 & 25 in Kharghar. An area of 80 ha. (approx.) is earmarked for 'Central Park'. It is a relatively flat terrain that has sporadic vegetation. The site acts as a link between two natural elements: hill and water. 
, there were 8 students in Gollion who came from another municipality, while 98 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
