<doc id="8420608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8420608" title="Chris Cole (American football)">
The naval version introduced in the 1990s is known as the Z-9C. As well as SAR and ASW duties, the Z-9C can be fitted with an X-band KLC-1 surface search radar to detect surface targets beyond the range of shipborne radar systems.
TDH
Club statistics.
<doc id="8421956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8421956" title="Chris Smith (footballer, born 1986)">

History.
Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai - 144 km.
First releases.
Analog
Voters passed a levy in 2002 to construct a new high school next to the original school, converting the old high school into a middle school.
Lake Center Christian School is a private school in Lake Township, Ohio. Established in 1947, the school serves students in Pre-school through 12th grade.
Education.

Walter Achiu
Mr. Corporon and his various groups have recorded over 400 works on the Toshiba/EMI, Klavier, Mark, Donemus, Soundmark, GIA, CAFUA, and Centaur labels.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 22, 1988 and was documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in 1997.
FCC tries and fails to punish Comcast for throttling BitTorrent (2007-2010).
Naval Service.
Sports

Illingworth produced some 1,600 negatives of the West and Midwest during his career. Many of these photos still exist in collections due to Illingworth’s son who found the negatives in a St. Paul attic, and later sold his father's collection to a man named Bromley. Bromley, in turn, sold the Black Hills images for $60 to the South Dakota State Historical Society in 1919. 
By the 1930s conditions had drastically deteriorated. Residents were confined to the station and many of their relatives were forced away. Decent rations and supplies were lacking and residents were forced to share blankets and live in rag huts. Tuberculosis and whooping cough dramatically affected the elderly and young.
Book.
Around 1902 Dorothy Levitt spent six months apprenticed to a French automobile maker in Paris, where she learned all aspects of building and driving cars. On her return to London she began teaching women how to drive. Her pupils included Queen Alexandra, the Royal Princesses (Louise, Victoria and Maud), down through Duchesses, Countesses and 'plain Americans'.
<doc id="8429392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8429392" title="XSP">
The park is operated and maintained by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
Plekhanovo Airport
Since 1997, focus has been set on staging international performances. The theatre houses diverse events, spanning from club-scene entertainment, concerts, theatre and readings to children's philosophy.
On Nov. 6, 1880 Alphonse Laveran discovered that malaria (then called "Marsh Fever") was a protozoan parasite, and that mosquitoes carry and transmit malaria. Malaria is a protozoan infectious disease that is generally transmitted to humans by mosquitoes between dusk and dawn. The European variety, known as "vivax" after the "Plasmodium vivax" parasite, causes a relatively mild, yet chronically aggravating disease. The west African variety is caused by the sporozoan parasite, "Plasmodium falciparum", and results in a severely debilitating and deadly disease.
In 2011, Congress passed a bill that barred the USDA from changing its nutritional guidelines for school lunches. The proposed changes would have limited the amount of potatoes allowed in lunches, required more green vegetables, and declared a half-cup of tomato paste to count as a serving of vegetables, rather than the current standard of 2 tablespoons. The blocking of these proposed higher standards meant that the smaller amount of tomato paste in pizza could continue to be counted as a vegetable in school lunches. The move resulted in widespread mockery, with headlines saying Congress had declared pizza to be a vegetable. The blocking legislation was criticized heavily, since the change had also been lobbied for by food companies such as ConAgra, and the block was a substantial blow to efforts to make school lunches healthier.
In a short, darkly humorous scene, the executioners from Harlem, Leyden, and Utrecht throw dice to see who is going to get the privilege of executing Barnavelt. The executioner from Utrecht wins. He joyfully tells his colleagues how he will go about his business: first, he will fake a few tears so that Barnavelt will give him some money, then he will cry like the devil as he folds up Barnavelt’s clothes and affixes the blindfold. Then, just as Barnavelt is in the middle of a prayer, he will lop off his head. He encourages his friends to join him in a song to celebrate his luck.
Starting in 1966, Professor Twitchett and historian John K. Fairbank (who taught at Harvard) began plans for the first comprehensive history of China to be published in the English language. Originally expected to be a six volume set of books, the series expanded as time passed and eventually grew to the currently planned 15 volumes. While he was at Princeton, Twitchett worked closely with fellow Sinologist Frederick W. Mote (who had a related wartime experience). 
Nine Entertainment Co. (previously PBL Media) is an Australian publicly listed media company. 
Prior to the invasion of Batu Khan.
During the summer of 2009 construction began on "E" building. The new construction includes a new larger cafeteria and multiple classrooms.
The Bruce Mines changed ownership several times between 1847 and 1944, when they were decommissioned. Flooding and cave-ins in 1876 ended the 30-year period of active mining history. In the 1870s, agriculture and logging prospered in the wake of uncertainty with the mines. The Township of Plummer Additional was incorporated in 1891 while Northern Ontario's first town, the Town of Bruce Mines was officially incorporated in 1903 when it separated from the Township of Plummer Additional. Several attempts to re-open the mines in the early 1900s saw only limited success by Mond Nickel, who shipped the quartz-copper flux ore to Sudbury. Mond Nickel shut down the Bruce Mines in 1921. The mines were decommissioned in 1944 and forestry activities have declined, but agriculture, aggregate extraction and tourism continue as the main economic activities in the area. 

The relation of phase to frequency is often used in the other direction, starting with the desired formula_43 and writing the chirp phase via the integration of frequency:
Pop! is a children's novel in the Aussie Bites collection written by Australian author Margaret Clark and illustrated by Terry Denton. The book was released in Australia on 30 September 1999.
Production.
The clinical relevance of PCCI is significant, considering the increasing number of long-term cancer survivors in the population, many of whom may have been treated with aggressive dosing of chemotherapeutic agents, or with chemotherapy as an adjuvant to other forms of treatment. In some patients, fear of PCCI can impact treatment decisions. The magnitude of chemotherapy-related cognitive changes and their impact on the activities of daily living are uncertain.
A new Physical and Recreational Training Centre at Colchester Garrison was named the Corporal Budd VC Gymnasium on its opening on 4 July 2008.
Geologically, Walna Scar contains a rich seam of distinctively striped slate which was quarried until the early 20th century. This was widely used for flooring in the North of England. The quarry can still be seen today on the slopes overlooking the Duddon Valley.

The (mono or stereo) core could be coded with any (lossy or lossless) audio codec. Particularly low bitrates (64-96 kbit/s for 5.1 channels) are possible when using HE-AAC v2 as the core codec.
The district is known as the reed country, on account of the reeds that grew in the surrounding marshland. In recent centuries the Rhine has been channelled which along with agriculturally driven drainage projects has made the land less marshy and more cultivable. The water table, though lower than in Roman times, remains unusually close to the surface, however.
Education and career.
Three of the tracks have contributions from members of the Grateful Dead.
Bridgeport is now covered over-the-air by WNBC 4, and the other .

A Dutch-language version of the song entitled "Je doet me pijn" - lyrics by Ernst van Altena - was recorded in 1965 by Conny Vandenbos.
Sectorul Ciocana is one of the five sectors in Chişinău, the capital of Moldova. The local administration is managed by a pretor appointed by the city administration. It governs over a portion of the city of Chişinău itself (the eastern part), the town of Vadul lui Vodă, and the communes of Bubuieci, Budeşti, Coloniţa, Cruzeşti, and Tohatin. It is largely populated by Romanians (Moldovans).
Swank retired in 2013. The Goddard Space Flight Center lists her as an emeritus scientist in her biographical sketch.
<doc id="8439097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8439097" title="Oakley, Cincinnati">
AMICO provided licensed digital versions of artwork available by subscription to universities and colleges, public libraries, elementary and secondary schools, and museums. It represented works in the collections of AMICO members. 
Bubbling Brown Sugar is a musical revue written by Loften Mitchell based on a concept by Rosetta LeNoire and featuring the music of numerous African-American artists who were popular during the Harlem Renaissance, 1920–1940, including Duke Ellington, Eubie Blake, Count Basie, Cab Calloway and Fats Waller. Original music, including the title theme song "Bubbling Brown Sugar" was composed by pianist Emme Kemp, a protégé of the legendary Eubie Blake. It was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Musical and the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.

<doc id="8440244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8440244" title="Piaf (play)">
Clan Gregor and Clan Grant.
In 1935, Central High School was renamed after longtime principal R.L. Paschal, who retired that year after 29 years of service. R.L. Paschal High School still exists in the Fort Worth Independent School District, but it relocated in 1955 to the corner of Berry Street and Forest Park Boulevard, near Texas Christian University.

In the early 2000s, they started recording their own songs and released the album Hikayeler Anlatıldı ("Stories are Told") in 2004, which was later released as a double album containing acoustic versions of the album's songs. Some of the singles featured in this album include "Karışmasın Kimseler" ("Don't Let Anyone Stand Between Us") and "Elalem" ("Everybody").
Defined benefit pension plans as a type of post-employment benefit plan.
Alliances or agreements between drug cartels have been shown to be fragile, tense and temporary.

Sýslumaður
Galván started his career with Lanús in the Argentine Primera in 2000, he had a short spell with Mexican side Morelia before returning to Lanús. In 2003 he had a short spell with Beira-Mar in Portugal before returning to Argentina to play for Olimpo de Bahía Blanca between 2003 and 2005. After the relegation of Olimpo at the end of the 2004–2005 season, he was signed by Argentine giants River Plate. Galván did not succeed as expected in River and was transferred (on loan) to Estudiantes in 2006.
Grotesque.
Edmonton guitarist Brad Simons was added to the lineup to play guitar, now that Dan is the full-time singer of the band.
<doc id="8444677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8444677" title="Avtandil Jorbenadze">
Eyes Do More Than See
Radio Wesleyan, a unit under the Office of the University President, was formally inaugurated on July 1, 2005, coinciding with the commemoration of the 59th founding anniversary of Wesleyan University-Philippines and the installation of Atty. Maglaya as the University's fourth president.
In real-time databases, deadlines are formed and different kinds of systems respond to data that does not meet its deadline in different ways. In a real-time system, each transaction uses a timestamp to schedule the transactions. A priority mapper unit assigns a level of importance to each transaction upon its arrival in the database system that is dependent on how the system views times and other priorities. The timestamp method on relies on the arrival time in the system. Researchers indicate that for most studies, transactions are sporadic with unpredictable arrival times. For example, the system gives an earlier request deadline to a higher priority and a later deadline to a lower priority. Below is a comparison of different scheduling algorithms.
<doc id="8446744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8446744" title="Aussie Chomps">
Motets by Divitis are often for five and six voices, which was another relatively innovative feature in music around the beginning of the 16th century. They are contrapuntal in texture, and two of them ("Ista est speciosa" and "Per lignum crucis") are entirely canonic. His setting of the Marian antiphon "Salve regina" uses an identical tenor line, rests and all, to that which appears in Josquin's setting of the popular song "Adieu mes amours"; it is uncertain whether Divitis consciously based his setting on Josquin, or on the popular song, which probably came first.
<doc id="8447708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8447708" title="Peter Katholos">
<doc id="8448358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8448358" title="International cricket in 2007">

<doc id="8449433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8449433" title="Athletics at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's 5000 metres">

