The company's operations are regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, Federal Government regulators. ING Direct is a division of ING Bank (Australia).
<br>
Notable architecture.
Adoption is sometimes used to build a family. There are seven steps that one must make towards adoption. You must decide to pursue an adoption, apply to adopt, complete an adoption home study, get approved to adopt, be matched with a child, receive an adoptive placement, and then legalize the adoption.
Those present on the northern edge of the Mediterranean and other parts of Europe migrate mainly to sub-Saharan Africa north of the equator, leaving in September/October and returning in April/May. In the Middle and Far East the populations are resident. In Europe it is most numerous in Spain where it is fairly common but elsewhere it is rare in many parts of its range.
In June 2014, WE tv President Marc Juris confirmed that the network will revamp its image to be more inclusive to men. The network also premiered their first original scripted program in "The Divide".
In 1917, Harroun started his own automobile company in Wayne, Michigan, where a street is now named for him.
Consequences.
Following the Peace, he objected to the ambitious plans of Alcibiades for advancing Athens' interests. Despite this, Nicias was appointed to participate in the Athenian invasion of Sicily. The Athenian siege of Syracuse was nearly successful until the arrival of the Spartan general Gylippus, who turned the situation around so that the Athenians were themselves under siege. Nicias led his forces in a desperate attempt to escape by land. However, they were cut off and he and his Athenian army were overwhelmed and defeated. Subsequently, Nicias was executed.
Citrus myrtifolia, the myrtle-leaved orange tree, is a species of "Citrus" with foliage similar to that of the common myrtle. It is a compact tree with small leaves and no thorns which grows to a height of three metres and can be found in Malta, Libya and in the Liguria, Tuscany, Sicily, and Calabria regions of Italy.
Alphonse Briart (1825–1898) was supervisor of the coal mines at Bascoup and Mariemont near Morlanwelz in the Hainaut province of Belgium, and a geologist who studied that region. During the period 1863-1896 he and Francois Cornet published a number of books and papers describing fossils and geological structures found near Mons. They devised theories - now generally accepted - as to the geological history of the region. After Cornet's death in 1887, Briart continued to write alone.
The earliest ringtone maker was Harmonium, developed by Vesa-Matti Paananen, a Finnish computer programmer, and released in 1997 for use with Nokia smart messaging.
<doc id="231495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=231495" title="Coherence">
There are practical limits to the increase in selectivity with changing L/C ratio:
Other versions may have been current in other epochs and places. Japanese-Brazilians who learned hiragana in the 1950s, in the State of São Paulo, report that they were not taught to draw the "ji", and thus left the face unframed, as in the henohenomohe shown at right. 
"The Box" was a drama set in fictional television station UCV-12. It featured elements that satirised the Australian television industry. Characters in the series were said to be modelled on Australian television figures of the day, and many self-referential elements featured. Like "Number 96" the series was famous for its adult storylines, frequent nude glimpses, and sexual content.
In 1766, he was expelled from Warsaw following a pistol duel with Colonel Franciszek Ksawery Branicki over an Italian actress, a lady friend of theirs. Both duelists were wounded, Casanova on the left hand. The hand recovered on its own, after Casanova refused the recommendation of doctors that it be amputated. Other stops failed to gain any takers for the lottery. He returned to Paris for several months in 1767 and hit the gambling salons, only to be expelled from France by order of Louis XV himself, primarily for Casanova's scam involving the Marquise d'Urfé. Now known across Europe for his reckless behavior, Casanova would have difficulty overcoming his notoriety and gaining any fortune. So he headed for Spain, where he was not as well known. He tried his usual approach, leaning on well-placed contacts (often Freemasons), wining and dining with nobles of influence, and finally arranging an audience with the local monarch, in this case Charles III. When no doors opened for him, however, he could only roam across Spain, with little to show for it. In Barcelona, he escaped assassination and landed in jail for six weeks. His Spanish adventure a failure, he returned to France briefly, then to Italy.
Nantucket Sound, Massachusetts.
The "Confession" was very famous in the Archpoet's time: compared to his other poems, which are mostly found in only one manuscript, "" has been copied in more than thirty, and it almost single-handedly accounts for his enduring appeal as the writer of one of the most popular medieval Latin poems.
Angevin service.
In computing, scheduling is the method by which threads, processes or data flows are given access to system resources (e.g. processor time, communications bandwidth). This is usually done to load balance and share system resources effectively or achieve a target quality of service. The need for a scheduling algorithm arises from the requirement for most modern systems to perform multitasking (executing more than one process at a time) and multiplexing (transmit multiple data streams simultaneously across a single physical channel).

Chiang Mai has more than 33,000 hotel rooms and Chiang Mai International Airport is Thailand’s third largest, after Suvarnabhumi and Don Mueang in Bangkok.
In anthropology, human populations have been characterized as either dolichocephalic (long headed), mesaticephalic (moderate headed), or brachycephalic (short headed). The usefulness of the cephalic index was questioned by Giuseppe Sergi, who argued that cranial morphology provided a better means to model racial ancestry.
Personal life.
The Queen died first, apparently in a weak physical state, although she was not hysterical. Jane, who had been on the scaffold to watch the girl's death, then spoke before kneeling on the just-used scaffold. Despite her nervous collapse over the last five months, she was calm and dignified and both women won mild posthumous approval for their behaviour. One eyewitness, a merchant named Ottwell Johnson, wrote that their 'souls be with God, for they made the most godly and Christian end.' The French ambassador Marillac merely stated that Jane gave a 'long discourse'; Johnson says that she apologised for her 'many sins', but neither man's accounts supports the later legend that she spoke at length about her late husband or sister-in-law. According to Alison Weir, the dead queen was not much more than seventeen at the time of her death and Jane was about thirty-six.
Many observant Jews from all Jewish denominations have a qualified scribe check the mezuzot parchments for defects (such as small tears or faded lettering) at least twice every seven years. These men are very important and are generally found among Orthodox Jews. They aren't as common as would be expected as it is not a job that pays extremely well and is often done on the side . These men are known as "soferim" and are very important people among the Jewish faith and having one is key to abiding by the laws of Judaism and keeping everything from being ruined . A sofer is needed to make new mezuzot parchments which are in accordance with Jewish Law.
On 28 June 1921, the Vidovdan (St Vitus's Day) Constitution was passed, establishing a unitary monarchy. The pre–World War I traditional regions were abolished and 33 new administrative "oblasts" (provinces) ruled from the center were instituted. During this time, King Peter I died (16 August 1921), and the prince-regent succeeded to the throne as King Alexander I.
Jebel Barkal
In Australia, unincorporated areas are places not covered by a municipal council, usually in remote areas. Some are of vast area but tiny population.
Supplements and revisions.
Rizal is bordered by Metro Manila to the west, the province of Bulacan to the north, Quezon to the east and Laguna province to the south. The province also lies on the northern shores of Laguna de Bay, the largest lake in the country.

1984 Vice-Presidential candidacy.

Sage is a mutant with incredible advanced intellectual capabilities, her mind works in the same way as a computer with unlimited storage capacity, only much faster than it will be possible for generations and without losing the particular complex processing capabilities of the human brain. She is able to perform several mental functions at once without losing focus on any of them. Her mind allows her to instantly recall specific information with incredible speed and accuracy. She is able to store everything that she experiences in a photographic memory and retrieve it immediately without the typical human pause for thought. The speed of her thoughts augments her analytical ability so that she is able to make snap decisions about her surroundings and create complex scenarios at high speed. Sage is able to track the probability of an event by piecing together stored data, and is able to perform multiple tasks at once by allocating a portion of her brain to each task. Sage can use her mind to replay a movie she has seen, play a game of internet chess, and focus on battling an opponent simultaneously without any one task distracting her from another.
Lunar Orbiter 1
In "Room Service" (1998), Lilith is recently divorced from her husband Brian, who is gay. Frasier is almost tempted to make renew the relationship, but changes his mind when he finds out, to his horror, that Lilith and Niles had a drunken one-night stand. Lilith last appears in "Guns 'N Neuroses" (2003), in which she Frasier are accidentally set up to go on a blind date. Lilith and Frasier are close to restarting a relationship in the hotel room, but they are interrupted by a loud argument between a young married couple next door. Frasier and Lilith are able to resolve the couple's dispute, spend the night together watching television, and finally fall asleep on the couch without intimacy. The next morning, they part ways at their final onscreen moment together.
In Season: 4, Episode: 10 (Pomp & Circuitry) of "The Venture Brothers", Billy Quizboy advises Rusty Venture that the education Hank and Dean received from their learning beds was, "more dated than Funk & Wagnalls." 
The brachialis originates from the lower half of the front of the humerus, near the insertion of the deltoid muscle, which it embraces by two angular processes. Its origin extends below to within 2.5 cm of the margin of the articular surface of the humerus at the elbow joint. It also arises from the intermuscular septa of the arm, but more extensively from the medial than the lateral; it is separated from the lateral below by the brachioradialis and extensor carpi radialis longus muscles.
The centrepiece of Hyde Park is the Archibald Fountain. The fountain was designed by François-Léon Sicard and donated by J.F. Archibald in 1932 in honour of Australia's contribution to World War I in France. Also at the northern end are the Nagoya Gardens featuring a giant outdoor chess set and the entrance to the underground St James railway station.
Prime minister 1809–1812.
Coir fibres make up about a third of the coconut pulp. The rest, called peat, pith or dust, is biodegradable, but takes 20 years to decompose. Once considered as waste material, pith is now being used as mulch, soil treatment and a hydroponic growth medium.
Development.
For Camus, suicide is a "confession" that life is not worth living; it is a choice that implicitly declares that life is "too much." Suicide offers the most basic "way out" of absurdity: the immediate termination of the self and its place in the universe.

Trotsky and Stalin.
Sports.
A smaller church for the Baptist community sits at the back of The Royal Victoria Hotel in water lane, called Newport Baptist church, which was built in the 1960s.
Medical protocols and procedures.
In 2012, Perry guest-starred on the critically acclaimed CBS drama The Good Wife, as attorney Mike Kresteva. In 2013, he reprised his role in the fourth season. 
<doc id="233396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=233396" title="Positronic brain">
Publication.

The ethnonym "Gorani", meaning "highlanders", is derived from the Slavic toponym "gora", which means "hill, mountain". Another autonym of this people is "Našinci", which literally means "our people, our ones".
Puntland's population growth rate is quite high due in part to an influx of people from southern Somalia and from neighboring Northeast African countries. Currently, 30% of the region's residents live in the fast-growing towns of Bosaso, Gardo, Garowe and Galkayo. Approximately 70% of the population is also below the age of 30.

In the late 19th century the Zentralbüro für die Internationale Erdmessung (that is, Central Bureau for International Geodesy) was established by Austria-Hungary and Germany. One of its most important goals was the derivation of an international ellipsoid and a gravity formula which should be optimal not only for Europe but also for the whole world. The Zentralbüro was an early predecessor of the International Association of Geodesy (IAG) and the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics (IUGG) which was founded in 1919.
The archeological excavation into Borobudur during reconstruction suggests that adherents of Hinduism or a pre-Indic faith had already begun to erect a large structure on Borobudur's hill before the site was appropriated by Buddhists. The foundations are unlike any Hindu or Buddhist shrine structures, and therefore, the initial structure is considered more indigenous Javanese than Hindu or Buddhist.
Departure from politics.
Public safety.
Devonshire had been a moderate among men of great political passion. If scarcely a spectator in the play of events, he had never bestrode the stage. His death, coming just after those of Hardwicke and Legge, deprived the Whigs of three material men. Given health, he might have returned to office in the Crown's restless pursuit of ministers up to 1770. He had been a man with a concern for king and country. He died the acknowledged leader of the Whigs.
There are several different format conventions for higher-order Ambisonics, for details see Ambisonic data exchange formats.
Alizarin changes color depending on the pH of the solution it is in, thereby making it a pH indicator.
Sports Extra typically emphasizes full broadcasts of Premier League and Home Nations football if games overlap each other. Five Live carries the first-choice match in such cases.
Working fluid.
Mongol Castle -
When in Ottawa, Connaught maintained a routine of four days each week at his office on Parliament Hill and held small, private receptions for members of all political parties and dignitaries. The Duke learned to ice skate and hosted skating parties at the royal and viceroyal residence Rideau Hall to which the Connaughts made many physical improvements during Arthur's term as governor general. The royal family also took to camping and other outdoor sports, such as hunting and fishing.
यत्क्रौंचमिथुनादेकम् अवधीः काममोहितम्॥'
<doc id="234121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=234121" title="European storm petrel">
Ronald Bruce St. John in "The Bolivia-Chile-Peru Dispute in the Atacama Desert" states:
Swedish service.
<doc id="234251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=234251" title="Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū">

UTS offers Advanced Placement courses, but does not have an International Baccalaureate program. In addition to the Ontario Secondary School Diploma, graduates earn a UTS Diploma, which signifies the completion of certain specialized courses, among them Latin and Romance of Antiquity (ROA), and attesting to an attainment level beyond the provincial standards.
Medical School.
Uses as an English word.
<doc id="234478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=234478" title="James M. Cain">
ser biographies, a four-volume dictionary of American music (1984), a three-volume dictionary of musical instruments (1984), and a four-volume dictionary of opera (1992).
There are also a number of differences between the two stories. For example, the society of "We" is in no scientific or technological decay, featuring X-rays, airplanes, microphones, and so on. In contrast, the people of "Anthem" believe that the world is flat and the sun revolves around it, and that bleeding people is a decent form of medicine. The similarities have led to speculation about whether Rand's story was directly influenced by Zamyatin's. However, there is little evidence that Rand was influenced by or even read Zamyatin's work, and she never mentioned it in discussions of her life in Russia.
Body Glove
Route description.
Gangs provide a level of organization and resources that support much larger and more complex criminal transactions than an individual criminal could achieve. Gangsters have been active for many years in countries around the world. 
<doc id="234688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=234688" title="USS Pennsylvania (1837)">

Leaving Formula One (2010–2011).
The mitral valve and the aortic valve are in the left heart and the tricuspid valve and the pulmonary valve are in the right heart.
A Roman Catholic mission began in 1892 at St Peter's Chapel in Barlow Moor Road and another was established at St. Augustine's in High Lane. A new church was built in 1927 when the parish became St. John's. St Ambrose of Milan was founded in 1932 at Barlow Moor and new church opened in 1958. The architects were Reynolds & Stone. Its dedication to St Ambrose of Milan was chosen because St Ambrose Barlow's birthplace was in the parish.
Victorian Gold Rush.
During the Polish-Russian War (1605-1618), Sweden signed an alliance with tsar Vasili IV of Russia in 1609. Sweden promised to send troops to the tsar and gained, in return, the County of Kexholm. De la Gardie was put in command of the Swedish force, which consisted of mostly mercenaries, but Swedish and Finnish soldiers as well. This campaign, which eventually took De la Gardie and his troops all the way to Moscow, is known as the De la Gardie Campaign. It ended with a devastating defeat at the Battle of Klushino in the summer of 1610, from which De la Gardie had to retreat. Due to his campaign in 1610, the fighting unit consisting of Swedish and Finnish soldiers remain the only ones that have occupied Moscow as victors.
The reform was more or less concluded with the Imperial Execution Order of 1555, part of the Peace of Augsburg, which regulated more details of the responsibilities of the Imperial Circle Estates.
In Proto-English, the second-person singular verb inflection was "-es". This came down unchanged from Indo-European and can be seen in quite distantly related Indo-European languages: Russian знаешь, "znayesh", thou knowest; Latin "amas", thou lovest. (This is parallel to the history of the third-person form, in Old English -eþ, Russian, знает, "znayet", he knoweth, Latin "amat" he loveth.) The anomalous development from -es to modern English -est, which took place separately at around the same time in the closely related German and Frisian languages, is understood to be caused by an assimilation of the consonant of the pronoun, which often followed the verb. This is most readily observed in German: liebes du > liebstu > liebst du (lovest thou). The three languages belong to the West Germanic branch of the Indo-European languages, of which Frisian is the closest to English.
Film, television, or theatrical adaptations.
Collision attack •
LCS35 •
Simple XOR cipher •
The American Bar Association (ABA) is a nationwide voluntary bar association with the largest membership in the United States. The National Bar Association was formed in 1925 to focus on the interests of African-American lawyers after they were denied membership by the ABA.
The most popular tourist destinations in Miskolc are Tapolca, Lillafüred and Felsőhámor. Tapolca has a beautiful park with a boating pond and the famous and unique Cave Bath. Lillafüred and Felsőhámor are pretty villages in a valley surrounded by mountains and forests; their most famous sights are the Hotel Palace on the shore of the Lake Hámori, the Szinva waterfall (the highest waterfall of the country), the Anna Cave and the István Cave.

By the time, General Zia had initiated the coup against Prime Minister Zulfikar Bhutto, the economic cycle process of nationalization program was completed. The socialist orientation and nationalisation program was slowly reversed; the idea of corporatization was heavily favored by President Zia-ul-Haq to direct the authoritarianism in the nationalized industries. One of his well-known and earliest initiatives were aimed to Islamized the national economy which featured the Interest-free economic cycle. No actions towards privatizing the industries were ordered by President Zia; only three steel mill industries were returned to its previous owners.
In 2006, the computer scientists Braverman, Etesami and Mossel proved that without detectives and with perfect players the randomized strategy is optimal for both citizens and mafia. They showed that when there are a large number of players to give both groups similar probability of winning, the initial number of mafiosi "m" need to be proportional to the square root of the total number of players "P", that is formula_1. With a simulation, they confirmed that 50 mafiosi would have almost a 50% chance to win among 10,000. The Mafia's chance of victory is
A similar calculation, using the independence of the random variables and the fact that formula_14, shows that:
Defense Mapping Agency (DMA).
Diagnosis.
Unlike most veins, the hepatic portal vein does not drain into the heart. Rather, it is part of a portal venous system that delivers venous blood into another capillary system, namely the hepatic sinusoids of the liver. In carrying venous blood from the gastrointestinal tract to the liver, the hepatic portal vein accomplishes two tasks; namely, it supplies the liver with metabolic substrates and it ensures that substances ingested are first processed by the liver before reaching the systemic circulation. This accomplishes two things. First, possible toxins that may be ingested can be detoxified by the hepatocytes before they are released into the systemic circulation. Second, the liver is the first organ to absorb nutrients just taken in by the intestines. After draining into the liver sinusoids, blood from the liver is drained by the hepatic vein.
Another way of classifying softmodems is by means of their communication interface with the host computer: on desktop systems the most common option is an internal PCI or ISA expansion card, which can be easily be told apart from an internal "hardware" modem by the significantly reduced size and component count.
Nullification may refer to:
As a result of such high-profile political stands, Stewart is being recognized as a political force rather than merely as a comedian. "The New York Times" suggested that he is "the modern-day equivalent of Edward R. Murrow" and the UK national newspaper "The Independent" called him the "satirist-in-chief".
