After his graduation in 1935 from Charles University, where he studied music and literature, arts and sciences, he worked as a secretary and teacher at the Urania, a pedagogical institute. This also involved him in some radio broadcasting.
In the case of Dixon v. Dixon, 183 Ga. 756 (1987) the portion of the Preamble stating, "promote the interest and happiness . . . of the family" was cited in a dissent by Judge J. Beasley. Dixon v. Dixon was a child custody case wherein the mother was allegedly "cohabiting with a man to whom she is not married while the child is living with her," and the father sought custody based on her actions. The majority assent claimed that there was enough evidence to warrant a change of custody. However, Judge Beasley's dissent focused on his opinion that the evidence gathered concerning such cohabitation was "speculative".
List of folk percussion instruments
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
At the time of its publication it was "the only narrative account" of the online encyclopedia Wikipedia (in English). It covers the period from Wikipedia's founding in early 2000 up to early 2008. Written as a popular history, the text ranges from short biographies of Jimmy Wales, Larry Sanger and Ward Cunningham, to brief accounts of infamous events in Wikipedia's history such as the Essjay controversy and the Wikipedia biography controversy.
Martin Riz (born September 16, 1980) is an Italian ski mountaineer.
<doc id="22093808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22093808" title="Jason Anderson (American football)">
High schools:
There was conflict between the Eastern and Western Cherokee and on June 22, 1839 several members of the Old Settlers-Treaty Party were murdered. Major Ridge, his son John Ridge and Elias Boudinot were killed while Stand Watie escaped. John Ross, Principal Chief of the Eastern Cherokee, denied any involvement in or knowledge of the murders. Soon after this John Ross held a National Convention for the East and West Cherokee beginning July 1, 1839 where he appointed a committee to draft a new Constitution, where he made Sequoyah (George Guess or Gist) President of the Old Settlers, where he drew John Looney into his fold and where he had Looney, Guess and Tobacco Will depose John Brown and John Rogers as Chiefs of the Old Settlers. The Convention and new Constitution were completed on Sept. 6, 1839 and John Ross was immediately elected as Principal Chief with Joseph Vann as his assistant principal chief.
