Chal Mirun (, also Romanized as Chāl Mīrūn) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 
Dentaa was born in Juaso, in the Ashanti Region of Ghana, but moved with her family to the UK at the age of five. From a young age she enjoyed performing in school plays and talent shows. She took her GCSEs at the Walthamstow School for Girls and A Levels (Media Studies, Sociology and Performing Arts) at the Leyton Sixth Form College. She went on to study for a degree in paediatric nursing at Buckinghamshire New University.


Dargi (, also Romanized as Dargī) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 6 families. 

Cheshmeh Shirin (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shīrīn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 9 families. 

 From both parents, Margarita developed a special love and talent for music. She also made an intensive study of the folk music of Latin America, as well as the European classics and native United States folk songs. After classes, she would bring out her guitar, named Valentina, and play Latin American music to her students.
The Egyptian Umma Party or Egyptian Nation Party () was a political party in Egypt, founded by supporters of presidential candidate Hazem Salah Abu Ismail in 2012. Abu Ismail himself has, however, not joined the party itself. Abu Ismail announced on 17 December 2012 that the party would compete for all of the seats in the 2013 parliamentary election. The party is one of a network of three parties. The name of the party was changed to the Flag Party in 2013.
Equipment.

Background.

Writing in "LinuxNov" at the time of the launch, Mohamed Hussein considered it to be "really worth" downloading for its informative and helpful content. The first issue was found by Harry Fairhead in "" to be uninspiring, with the lack of hardware available to writers being noted. However, he did consider it to be a "venture worth supporting" in the longer term.
