Completion was expected by mid-2013. Within the complex is also an 11-story office building; its facade will not host plants.

1822: four-year-old season.
1970 U.S. Professional Indoor – Singles

Patrick Joseph McCormick (December 10, 1880 – May 18, 1953) was the titular bishop of Atenia and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington.
Hoplostethus rubellopterus
Cycling at the 2004 Summer Paralympics – Men's team sprint

There he made friends with Juan Bautista Alberdi, Vicente Fidel López, Marcos Paz, Carlos Tejedor and Juan María Gutiérrez. 

Luisa Bonfanti
EvoTV is a range of digital media players developed by Amkette that brings internet and web2.0 features to the television. EvoTV was envisioned to be a substitute to the growing range of Smart TVs in the market. Instead of replacing complete television sets to get Internet-based features users could just connect an EvoTV and get the same features at a much lower cost. EvoTV is based on the Android operating system, can connect to the internet wirelessly, and can stream local, network and internet media and audio files. Once connected users can access Android Playstore Apps using EvoTV on their television. The first EvoTV was launched in the middle of 2012 and received many positive reviews and awards. In 2013 Amkette EvoTV won the NDTV Gadget Award for the Best Consumer Electronic. In 2014 two news versions of EvoTV were introduced bringing the total variants to five. 
A stronghold was established in the place probably in the 1570s. The founder was Jan z Boskovic. After The Battle of White Mountain, the Bludov Manor was confiscated and given to Kryštof Pavel z Lichtenštejna who rebuilt the stronghold as a late Renaissance château. Later, the château was baroquely modified. 
<doc id="37465924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37465924" title="Lary Schulhof">
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
As of 2014, Sabotage Times claims to attract around one million unique visitors per month. 
The economy of Dimaluo primarily consists of agriculture. Locals typically grow wheat or corn and raise livestock such as sheep, goats, and pigs. Recently, tourism has given a major boost to the local economy. Trekking around Dimaluo has become increasingly popular as tourists from all over China come to hike in the nearby mountains and valleys of the Nujiang region. A couple of guesthouses have started up in Dimaluo and operate with some success, especially during the spring and fall months and during national holidays.
Baksa is a given name, derived from an old Hungarian male name and probably of Slavic origin.
