

Several of Salak's short stories have been published in journals such as "Prairie Schooner", "The Massachusetts Review", "Quarterly West" and "Witness". One story, "Beheadings", about a war correspondent's search for her lost brother, is published in the anthology "Best New American Voices".
<doc id="18048418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18048418" title="Dan Seals (politician)">
On January 13, 1944, "Santa Fe" set sail from California for the Marshall Islands, as part of the invasion force for Operation Flintlock. "Santa Fe" served as an escort for the Northern Attack Force (Task Force 53), Rear Admiral Richard L. Conolly commanding, which was tasked to capture Roi-Namur and the northern half of the Kwajalein atoll. "Santa Fe" joined the bombardment force (Task Group 53.5), Rear Admiral Jesse B. Oldendorf commanding, that provided naval gunfire support for U.S. Marine landing forces at Kwajalein which was secured on February 4.
<doc id="18049188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18049188" title="Uncle Jim">
Network: CBS
Eliot Sloan stated in an interview with The Celebrity Cafe that he wrote the song about his relationship with "Lisa", a girl he once dated. Lisa's father allegedly threatened to cut off her college tuition if she continued to see Eliot. They said good-bye and went their separate ways. He said that he still very much missed her, and placed a message in the liner notes of "Home": "Lisa, give me a call sometime just to say hello, my number is still the same."
International play.
. Prepared procedural manuals on environmental and social assessment for guidance on safeguards issues resulting from LUTP interventions
Commanding officer; Colonel Masuo Ikeda, approx. 2,700 men
A variety of Latin etymologies have been proposed, including "condon" (receptacle), "condamina" (house), and "cumdum" (scabbard or case). It has also been speculated to be from the Italian word "guantone", derived from "guanto", meaning glove. William E. Kruck wrote an article in 1981 concluding that, ""As for the word 'condom', I need state only that its origin remains completely unknown, and there ends this search for an etymology."" Modern dictionaries may also list the etymology as "unknown".
Harold Primat (born 12 June 1975) is a French-born Swiss racing driver currently competing in the Blancpain Endurance Series and selected long-distance events such as the Bathurst 12 Hours and Nürburgring 24 Hours.
1935–36 Luxembourg National Division
It was performed in 12 teams, and Jeunesse Esch won the championship.
