The ads ran only in Maine and Rhode Island, the home states of moderate Republican Senators, Olympia Snowe, Susan Collins and Lincoln Chafee.
JAL (compiler)
Several strong Soviet assaults launched at the height of winter caught the exhausted Germans off guard. The "Totenkopf" managed to hold its section of the line near Demjansk in ferocious fighting. By early January 1942 "Totenkopf's" position was located in a salient which protruded into the Soviet lines. The Soviets, hoping to sever the German supply lines and encircle the forces around Demjansk, launched ferocious attacks at the flanks of the salient. During this period, Meierdrees and the remnants of the StuG Battery performed fire-brigade missions, halting all Soviet attempts.
Аьрзонийн баннашкахь наноша дакхийна,<br>
Also, NASCAR announced it was ending its AutoZone Elite divisions, which featured regional late model racing, following the 2006 season. Soon after, the ASA began sanctioning replacement series around the United States. The ASA Midwest Tour and ASA Northwest Tour were launched for 2007 and the ASA Southeast Asphalt Tour for 2008.
Numerous fords are named on this river, compared to other rivers in the state. The gravel riverbeds, low average river flow, and lack of sufficient bridges both allow and require the use of natural river crossings.

ILU was developed as an Open Source project at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (Xerox PARC) from 1991 until 2000. The last release was 2.0beta1. 
History.
<doc id="2412035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2412035" title="Kowloon Cricket Club">
Negotiations resumed in the late 1980s and culminated to the "Umbrella Final Agreement" (UFA) in 1990. The UFA is used as the framework or template for individual agreements with each of the fourteen Yukon First Nations recognized by the federal government. It came into force in 1992 when the first four First Nations ratified their land claims agreements. To date (August 2005), ten of the fourteen First Nations have signed and ratified an agreement. Representatives of two other First Nations signed agreements but these were not ratified as they were defeated in referendums within their nations. Two other agreements are still being negotiated.
"About Her" by Malcolm McLaren sampled The Zombies's song "She's Not There"
Christian traditions.
RT.
The 18 Turbo model was introduced in September 1980, borrowing from other Renault models. The 18 Turbo featured a engine (rated at, five-speed gearbox, negative offset front suspension, four-stud alloy wheels, rear spoiler, dashboard and interior fittings from the Renault Fuego. A little later yet, a Turbodiesel version arrived; it had an version of the 2.1-litre inline-four fitted to the TD/GTD and at the time it was the fastest car in its class.
Universities.
On the immediate north side of the main coaster, which at that time was, "Leap the Dips", and facing the area of the Lawn and Bath Houses, once stood a large Casino, where various games of chance were the order of the day before gambling was outlawed in Virginia. (According to Colonial Williamsburgs website gambling was not legal at this time, perhaps the Casino was used for games that did not involve gambling as other ocean front casinos at the time.
Blake trained at the Arts Educational School and the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. She is the granddaughter of the actress Annette Mills and a grand-niece of the actor Sir John Mills. Actresses Hayley and Juliet Mills are Blake's first cousins once-removed.
A number of controversies surround DD in adults as well as children. First, there is ongoing debate surrounding the etiology of dissociative identity disorder (DID). The crux of this debate is if DID is the result of childhood trauma and disorganized attachment. A second area of controversy surrounds the question of whether or not dissociation as a defense versus pathological dissociation are qualitatively or quantitatively different. Experiences and symptoms of dissociation can range from the more mundane to those associated with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or acute stress disorder (ASD) to dissociative disorders. Mirroring this complexity, it is still being decided whether the DSM-5 will group dissociative disorders with other trauma/stress disorders.
Technical aspects.
In June 2013, the National Security Agency was revealed by whistle-blower Edward Snowden to be secretly spying on the American people with FISA approved surveillance programs such as PRISM and XKeyscore.
The sanctuary has six administrative ranges;
In 1968 he left MIT for the University of Utah, and in 1975 founded Soundstream, Inc. The company developed a 16-bit digital audio recording system using a 16-track Honeywell instrumentation tape recorder as a transport, connected to digital audio recording and playback hardware of Stockham's design. It ran at a sampling rate of 50 kHz, as opposed to the audio CD sampling rate of 44.1 kHz.
Van Maerlant is also the author of a number of strophic poems, which date from different periods of his life. Of these the best known is the "Wapene Martijn" ("Alas! Martin") so called from the opening words. It is a dialogue on the course of events held between the poet himself and a character named Martin. Altogether there are three parts, of which the above-mentioned is the first. The other two parts are known as "Dander Martijn" ("Second Martin") and "Derden Martijn" ("Third Martin"). 
Total Results.
Busemann's Biplane
Japan.
The Grateful Dead (album)
The biologist Ernest MacBride supported the experiments of Kammerer and claimed they were "perfectly sound" but would have to be repeated if they were to be accepted by other scientists. Interest in Kammerer revived in 1971 with the publication of Arthur Koestler's book, "The Case of the Midwife Toad". Koestler surmised that Kammerer's experiments on the midwife toad may have been tampered with by a Nazi sympathizer at the University of Vienna. Certainly, as Koestler writes, "the "Hakenkreuzler", the swastika-wearers, as the Austrian Nazis of the early days were called, were growing in power. One center of ferment was the University of Vienna where, on the traditional Saturday morning student parades, bloody battles were fought. Kammerer was known by his public lectures and newspaper articles as an ardent pacifist and Socialist; it was also known that he was going to build an institute in Soviet Russia. "An act of sabotage in the laboratory would have been…in keeping with the climate of those days."

Installations.
"The White Dragon" placed third for the annual Locus Award for Best Novel and it was one of five nominees for the annual Hugo Award for Best Novel. It won the Gandalf Award for Book-Length Fantasy and the Australian Ditmar Award for international fiction.
Louis Deacon
As he is evacuated from the White House to be taken to Dover Air Force Base, the President is informed aboard Marine One that the second Soviet launch was directed at the Chinese who had launched their own strike against the Soviets in accordance to a treaty with the United States. Seeing his hasty response will result in further retaliatory strikes, the President falls into a stupor. Suddenly, a missile detonates over nearby Andrews AFB, and causes the helicopter to crash.
On Sundays there is an hourly service to Manchester Victoria & Blackpool North and to Blackpool South & Preston from March to early November.
By December 1984 Spinnaker had established seven product lines, with the Fisher-Price and Telarium/Windham Classics brands comprising more than ten titles each.
Due to issues associated with the original design, the PLA undertook a program to improve the Type 95. The lead designer of the Type 95 program Duo Yingxian (朵英贤), who is now retired, stated that the project was being worked on by some of his students. Known goals for the program were to:
Recruitment and training for an insurgent campaign against the colony's administration by rival African nationalists from the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU) and the Zimbabwe African National Union (ZANU) began in 1963, and intensified after Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence in 1965. The Rhodesian Bush War, which lasted roughly fifteen years until late 1979, resulted in the creation of two major insurgent armies, expansion of the Rhodesian Army, and militarisation of local society. By 1980 there were an estimated 150,000 Zimbabweans with military training or experience, access to arms, and allegiance to an established political organisation. Conscription had been introduced in 1955, and the National Service Act in 1976 provided for 12 months of full-time military service regardless of rank. Three-year reservist obligations for white, Coloured, and Asian males also continued. Personnel strength of the regular army peaked at 20,000 active members (half of them whites) and 2,300 with the air force. The paramilitary BSAP had 11,000 police and a reserve of 35,000. These uniform commands and others - including 20,000 Security Force Auxiliaries loyal to interim politicians and a 3,500-man Guard Force for securing protected villages - fell under the authority of Combined Operations (ComOps), headed by Lieutenant-General Peter Walls.
After Ralphie's death, the Colorado State Senate passed State Resolution 98–10 by Senator Elsie Lacy—concerning a tribute to Ralphie III the University of Colorado bison mascot, stating: "That the University of Colorado and fans alike have lost a most beloved mascot and are saddened by the occasion of Ralphie III's death." 
Neuronal galvanotropism
<doc id="2417062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2417062" title="Omaha Benson High School Magnet">
In England, she met Member of Parliament, John Bright, who was a Quaker. He introduced her to Robert and Christena Alsop who were also Quakers and members of the Aborigine Protection Society. Catherine was their guest while in England. On June 19, 1860, she was presented to Queen Victoria.
and Graham Lee of The Triffids.
<doc id="2417573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2417573" title="Michigan Air-Line Railway">
The organisation is led by the Chief Land Registrar and Chief Executive (both one role). The Chief Land Registrar is assisted by the Land Registry Board and Executive Board. The Land Registry Board sets the overall strategy for the department. The Executive Board delivers the annual business plan and is responsible for day-to-day management.
He later went on to serve as High Commissioner to New Zealand.
DSRV-2 Avalon

The orientation of optical directions with respect to the lattice parameters is Y parallel to b and Z near or parallel to c.
<doc id="2418515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2418515" title="Joseph Wood Krutch">
Story.
Milton Born With A Tooth is a Canadian political activist for First Nations rights.

HMS "Caroline" was built by Cammell Laird of Birkenhead. She was laid down on 28 January 1914, launched on 29 September 1914 and completed in December 1914. "Caroline" was part of the early sub-set of C-class light cruisers built without geared turbines and subsequent comparisons with later vessels of the same class demonstrated the superiority of geared propulsion. "Carolines" machinery is still in place today, although not in working order.
