
The Christian observation of this seasonal observance of the Ember days had its origin as an ecclesiastical ordinance in Rome and spread from there to the rest of the Western Church. They were known as the "jejunium vernum, aestivum, autumnale and hiemale", so that to quote Pope Leo's words (A.D. 440 - 461) the law of abstinence might apply to every season of the year. In Leo's time, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday were already days of special observance. In order to tie them to the fasts preparatory to the three great festivals of Christmas, Easter and Pentecost, a fourth needed to be added "for the sake of symmetry" as the "Encyclopædia Britannica" 1911 has it.
Military band.
Longirod has an area, , of . Of this area, or 39.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 57.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 0.3% is unproductive land. 
Marriages and children.
, Thal had an unemployment rate of 2.27%. , there were 95 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 31 businesses involved in this sector. 1,717 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 101 businesses in this sector. 1,327 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 226 businesses in this sector.
In case of methamphetamine use, persons with schizotypal personality disorders are at great risk of developing permanent psychosis.
Equivalence between monotony and continuity.
Landscape painting and the Zen garden critique.
Party president Blair McCreadie announced that candidates would be under a spending cap of $1 million, which is less than the $1.5 million permitted in the last leadership contest. 
Method.
<doc id="542587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=542587" title="Coaxial">
Also spelled, "reong", this instrument consists of 12 kettles mounted horizontally in a row on a frame. It is played by four musicians, each taking responsibility for 2 to 4 of its kettles. The players, who sit in a row, are split into two groups, the first consisting of the first and third players in the row, and the second consisting of the second and fourth players. Both people in the same group play the same part, but doubled an octave apart. The parts of group one and of group two, when played together, are interlocking. The "reyong" has both melodic and non-melodic percussive roles.
Lauridsen now divides his time between Los Angeles and his home in the San Juan Archipelago off the northern coast of Washington State.
According to the once often-cited, but controversial, non-scientific study of Jane Elliott, the Pygmalion effect can play a role in racial expectations and behavior. Elliott was an American teacher and an anti-racism activist who devised an exercise to determine the effects of expectations and discrimination upon children. She used differences in eye color to distinguish between perceptions and expectations of "inferior" and "superior". In this exercise, one group was given preference and regarded as "superior" in intelligence and learning ability because of their eye color, while the other group was intentionally associated with inferiority. On the second day of the experiment, the groups were completely reversed, with those previously considered inferior one day being regarded as superior the next. She had taken on students deemed as inferior due to their lack of ability to read well and put them through her experiment. Almost half of the class went on after high school to higher schooling; this was considered impressive for their status when she first did the study. The children of the study felt more in control when it came to discrimination. They said the agony was worth the perspective they had on life. One even stated that when he sees discrimination he wishes he could tell the person of his experience and would urge the person to look at their lives through their eyes. They realized that what was considered normal or accepted was not always the right thing.
Adaptations.
Labeling.
