The Second Curtin Ministry was the thirty-first Australian Commonwealth ministry, and held office from 21 September 1943 to 6 July 1945.
College of Business and Management.
Great Oxendon
Clay Coton
Level set method.

Jewish conspiracy theory.
Biography.
The town is the birthplace of Nobel Prize-winning author García Márquez and is widely recognized as the model for the mythical "Macondo", the central village in García Márquez's popular novel, "One Hundred Years of Solitude". His childhood home, now the Casa Museo, and the church where he was baptised are both major tourist attractions.
Residential.
Phillips Recording is the short name widely used to refer to the Sam C. Phillips Recording Studio opened at 639 Madison Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, by Sam Phillips in 1960. Internationally regarded at that time as a state-of-the-art facility, it was built to fill the needs of the Sun Records recording label that the older, smaller Sun Records Studio was no longer able to handle. 
The book is still in print.
In 1952, the "Central Bank of Belgian Congo and Ruanda-Urundi" introduced notes for 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 francs, with 500 and 1000 francs added in 1953.
Response by and on behalf of Yassir Arafat.
The large g-force, likely to be experienced by a ballistic projectile, would mean that a space gun would be incapable of safely launching humans or delicate instruments, rather being restricted to freight, fuel or ruggedized satellites.
One unique aspect of thundersnow is that the snowfall acts as an acoustic suppressor of the thunder. The thunder from a typical thunderstorm can be heard many miles away, while the thunder from thundersnow can usually only be heard within a two to three mile radius from the lightning. In the United States, March is the peak month of formation, and on average, only 6.3 events are reported per year.
bonfires in order to antagonise them. Heppenstall's
The council is now cochaired by:
Folk theorem may refer to:
John Boot, 2nd Baron Trent
Millsboro may refer to:
2) they take the imperfective prefix "x-" but never its auxiliary imperfective marker "ya", which is usually present with "x-" for intransitive verbs;
The album was recorded live during the 1978 "Powerage" tour and contains live versions of songs from "T.N.T.", "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap", "Let There Be Rock", and "Powerage". It is the last Bon Scott-era AC/DC album produced by Harry Vanda and George Young, who also produced the band's first five studio releases. The album was listed at #2 on "Classic Rock" magazine's readers' poll of "50 Greatest Live Albums Ever".
<doc id="1205049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1205049" title="List of agriculture ministries">
The album was at the time issued in part to fulfill a final contractual album obligation John owed to DJM Records, prior to having all his records released by his own Rocket Record Company label, starting with "Blue Moves" in 1976.
The original model, now discontinued, was the Rolleiflex MiniDigi, a miniature reproduction of the TLR Rolleiflex. In many details the camera retained the details of the original, including a waist level view finder and a hand crank to prepare the camera for the next shot. As the name implies, the camera was a digital reproduction, with the "viewing" lens being a dummy. The camera had a 2 megapixel CMOS sensor in the square format of the traditional TLR. The lens was a 9 mm f/2.8 with 5 elements, focussing down to 10 cm. The shutter speeds were automatically controlled between 1/15 to 1/400 second, exposure time was automatic. The camera was operated by a single CR2 battery. The storage media was either SD or MMC cards. 
<doc id="1205367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1205367" title="M. Shahid Alam">
British Railways Mark I carriages have been painted in a wide range of liveries. On introduction in 1951 the carriages were painted Crimson Lake (the official Railways Executive designation), usually referred to as Crimson (BS381C:540 Crimson being the British Standard colour reference) and Cream (the combination often referred to colloquially as "blood and custard") for corridor stock and Crimson for non-corridor stock. Corridor passenger stock was normally also lined out whereas non-corridor stock was not. The term 'Carmine' is often incorrectly used as a consequence of an error made by a contemporary Railway journalist and has, unfortunately, been repeated ever since.
The monastery.
Linux.
Michael Madhusudan Dutt, or Michael Madhusudan Dutta ( (); 25 January 1824 – 29 June 1873) was a popular 19th-century Bengali poet and dramatist. He was born in Sagordari (), on the bank of Kopotaksho () River, a village in Keshabpur Upazila, Jessore District, Bengal Presidency, East Bengal (now in Bangladesh). His father was Rajnarayan Dutt, an eminent lawyer, and his mother was Jahnabi Devi. He was a pioneer of Bengali drama. His famous work "Meghnad Bodh Kavya" (), is a tragic epic. It consists of nine cantos and is exceptional in Bengali literature both in terms of style and content. He also wrote poems about the sorrows and afflictions of love as spoken by women.
Clemens Winkler
As of 2008, the wage ratio of national income had been cut to a 50-year low of only 64.5%.
