A transit district or transit authority is a special-purpose district organized as either a corporation chartered by statute, or a government agency, created for the purpose of providing public transportation within a specific region.
In 1946, Summers joined Ohio State University 's speech communication program where his teaching and research centered on station and network programming, policy and regulation of broadcasting, and audience research. He pioneered many aspects of broadcast education and served as dissertation advisor to a generation of Ph.D. candidates who entered the growing field of electronic media studies and research.
In November 2011, the Law Students' Society from Faculty of Law and International Relations, UniSZA has successfully organized the Asian Law Students' Association (ALSA) National Forum 2011 at UniSZA's Gong Badak Campus, after winning the bid against Universiti Teknologi MARA for the right to organize the event which was held in Kuala Lumpur. With the theme entitled 'Criminal Law: The Beat Within', it has drawn participation from various law schools in Malaysia, namely Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, International Islamic University Malaysia, University of Malaya, Universiti Teknologi MARA, Universiti Utara Malaysia, Universiti Sains Islam Malaysia, Multimedia University and Help University College. Among the prominent persons who attended the program include the former Chief Justice of Malaysia, Tun Zaki Tun Azmi and the Head of International Committee of Red Cross (ICRC) for Asia region, Mr. Richard Desgagné.
Mount Cheadle, which is located in the Monashee Range of British Columbia, on the east flank of the North Thompson River, 25 km north of Blue River, is named after Cheadle. A small sub-urban town of Cheadle, located in Southern Alberta 20 km east of Calgary, was also named after Dr. Cheadle. The town was named by the Canadian Pacific Railway and established in 1902.

The Distinction Award is available to any lifesaver who has obtained their Award of Merit, Open Water, and Life Support 3. In addition, candidates must be over 16 in order to take part. The exam is notoriously hard and demands a high level of technical and physical capability from the participant. It consists of six main parts:
Summary.
In 1999, after "1+1" has been broadcasting on UT-2 24h per day for two years with an appropriate license, the channel sent a claim to the Supreme Court of Ukraine requesting the TV company AITI, who used to hire UT-2 9h broadcasting time earlier before, to give up its license as it had stopped its programming for a year. In the year 2000 the claim was decided for the "1+1" preference. 
Setback.

A complete bibliography of his nearly 250 published works is presented in "Bibliography of the published writings of Alexander Altmann". Some of the most popular are listed below:
Geography.

Iván Skerlecz de Lomnicza (often rendered "Ivan Škrlec Lomnički" in Croatian) (July 20, 1873 - January 12, 1951) was the last Hungarian to be ban (viceroy) of the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia.
In 1545 he married Isabella Grimaldi (died 1583). The couple had 4 sons;

Soul of Chogokin SPEC.
Oskar Osala (born December 26, 1987 in Vaasa, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey Left Wing currently playing with the Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Mark Philip Dixie (born 24 September 1970) was born in Streatham. When he was 18 months old, his parents separated. When he was 8, his mother remarried; she had two sons by her new husband. Dixie took his stepfather's surname, McDonald. 
In the following days the Italians marched northwards until, on July 20th, they occupied Bezzecca. As the Austrians had suffered a decisive defeat at the Battle of Sadowa, Kuhn had only a few days left before part of his troops would be sent to augment the defense of Vienna. Profiting from the situation, the Italians began to advance on the southern front too, when a division under Giacomo Medici was sent from Padua to fight its way to the city of Trento.
The play, Coco, Lavin, and Moore all were nominated for Tony Awards.

Dougherty was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967.
Grading systems compared.

