
Ph. D / D.Litt
He was the director of Mission to Planet Earth, a program during the Clinton Administration to perform a comprehensive survey and observation of our home planet. He was a member and chair of the NASA Advisory Council (NAC) Science Committee which he quit in 2006.

<doc id="21057918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21057918" title="Michiko Inukai">
In January 2000, while still with the Albions, Kellie joined in the World/Folk band e2K formed out of the break-up of festival favourites Edward II. This resulted in two albums "Shift" (2001), and "If Not Now" (2003) on which Kellie took the main vocal duties and which were very well received in the folk and roots press. The band toured for three years with this line-up.


The Chinese Elm is highly resistant, but not immune, to Dutch elm disease. It is also very resistant to the elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" but has a moderate susceptibility to Elm Yellows. In trials at the Sunshine Nursery, Oklahoma, the species was adjudged as having the best pest resistance of about 200 taxa However, foliage was regarded as only "somewhat resistant" to black spot by the Plant Diagnostic Clinic of the University of Missouri [http://soilplantlab.missouri.edu/plant/diseases/resistant.htm.


In mid-December 2008, Shroot had a trial with Football League Championship club Birmingham City; he trained with the first-team group and scored in a friendly against Cheltenham Town.

Professional career.

Hardy Cross Dillard was born the son of Avarene Lippincot Budd & James Hardy Dillard an educator who devoted his life to the education of African Americans and former Dean of Tulane University. Hardy Cross Dillard was also cousin of civil engineer Hardy Cross - originator of the Hardy Cross method. Dillard attended the Virginia Episcopal School and later the U.S. Military Academy where he graduated in 1924. Upon graduation, Dillard was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Infantry. However, with the First World War fading in to the background, Fresh West Point graduates were encouraged to leave the service. Thus, like many of his classmates, Dillard resigned his commission two months after graduation. He subsequently entered the University of Virginia Law School and served on the editorial board of the Virginia Law Review and was also president of the law school student body. Due to his legal ability, the law faculty took the unusual step of asking him to stay after graduation to serve as an instructor. He taught primarily international law for two years before leaving to become an Associate in the New York City law firm of Gregg & Church. After only a year with the law firm, he was awarded a fellowship by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace to study international law at the University of Paris. Upon completion of the program, Dillard accepted an appointment as Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Virginia. He returned to New York City in the summers of 1932 and 1933 and worked as an associate at David, Polk, Wardwell, Gardiner and Reed. In 1934 he became the University's Director of Institute of Public Affairs an assignment in addition to his law duties. The Institute brought prominent speakers to the University from government, business and academia to discuss topics of national and international interest. As the Director, Dillard became acquainted with some of the leading figures of the day such as Senator Robert Taft, Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson, Ambassador Paul V McNutt, Owen Lattimore, Thurman Arnold, Max Lerner, David Sarnoff, Rexford Guy Tugwell, Major George Fielding Eliot, Max Eastman, Quincy Howe, and William L. Shirer. Dillard, however, drew controversy by inviting communists such as Earl Browder to speak. A former president of the University's Alumni Association protested in a letter to the Alumni News that Dillard went "beyond freedom of speech" when he offered a rostrum from which the General Secretary of the American Communist Party and the Soviet Ambassador could, "spread subversive doctrines." Dillard responded that where controversial topics are selected, "both sides should be fairly heard." A spokesman for Germany was also invited to speak.
Personal life.
This ranking relates to UK based users visiting UK websites.
Ralph Bond Sweet-Escott (11 January 1869 – 11 November 1907) was an English-born international rugby union half back who played club rugby for Cardiff and was capped three times for Wales. Sweet-Escott also played cricket for Glamorgan representing the county in the Minor Counties Cricket Championship. His brother, Edward Sweet-Escott, was a notable cricketer for Glamorgan.
<doc id="21065242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21065242" title="Imqaret">

Goalie statistics.
At Virginia in 2005, Simpson sat out as a redshirt. In 2006, he saw action in six games.
There are also explicit expressions for the volumes of balls in "L""p" norms. The "L""p" norm of the vector in R"n" is formula_51, and an "L""p" ball is the set of all vectors whose "L""p" norm is less than or equal to a fixed number called the radius of the ball. The case is the standard Euclidean distance function, but other values of "p" occur in diverse contexts such as information theory, coding theory, and dimensional regularization.



<doc id="21069854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21069854" title="Final Fantasy (album)">
Because it uses pneumatics as actuators, its joints are compliant and provide a springy restoring force, much like a human's tendons, allowing it much greater capability to deal with obstacles.
Koman spent most of his playing career with FC Dynamo Kyiv, and led the team in scoring in 1953 with seven goals. He retired in 1959 when during the team's African tour he participated in one of games in Cairo after which Koman sensed a heartache. Doctors diagnosed him with blockade of cardiac muscle and suggested to retire to preserve own health. After retirement Koman stayed within the Dynamo's football academy. After fall of the Soviet Union he headed FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv in 1993 until it was dissolved in 2008.
