All fourteen teams of the 2005–06 Superliga and First Division entered in this round, along with Second Round winners. First legs were played on October 25, 2006 and the second legs were played on November 22, 2006.

Because this ratio can reach macroscopic dimensions (~1 mm) by making the film sufficiently thin, it can
Official records show that the first Municipal President of Makati was its illustrious son who hails from Poblacion, Marcelino Magsaysay. Most of the succeeding Municipal Presidents or Mayors were likewise bonafide constituents of Poblacion namely: Eusebio Arpilleda, Hermogenes Santos, Urbano Navarro, Jose Magsaysay, Pedro Domingo, Ricardo Arpilleda, Nicanor Garcia, Jose Villena and Maximo Estrella.
On the 26th September 2011, Hevypetal announced that vocalist Curtis Moore was leaving the band. Curtis stated "For the details as to why I am leaving, there are many, but some of which is the commitment to another aspect of my life and personal and professional conflicts. On January 1, 2012, Hevypetal announced that vocalist Fraser Goodwin and guitarist Ben Webber would be joining to replace Curtis and guitarist Law Peto.
The earliest claim to the invention of the hamburger was Fletcher Davis of Athens, Texas who was claimed to have served it at his restaurant at a time when there were more cows than people in Texas. According to oral histories, in the 1880s, he opened a lunch counter in Athens and served a 'burger' of fried ground beef patties with mustard and Bermuda onion between two slices of bread; with a pickle on the side. The claim is that in 1904, Davis and his wife Ciddy ran a sandwich stand at the St. Louis World's Fair.Historian Frank X. Tolbert, noted that Athen's resident Clint Murchison said his grandfather dated the hamburger to the 1880s with 'Old Dave' a.k.a. Fletcher Davis.[2 A photo of "Old Dave's Hamburger Stand" from the 1904 connection was sent to Tolbert as evidence of the claim. Also the New York Tribune namelessly attributed the innovation of the hamburger to the stand on the pike.[1
According to surviving inscriptions at Telmessos, Lysimachus didn’t seem to have a royal title nor it is clear his relationship with the Pharaohs in Alexandria, however it seems that Lysimachus recognised the rule of Ptolemy III’s authority in Alexandria. It seems likely that Lysimachus had his relative autonomy from Ptolemaic control increased. As Ptolemaic power declined rapidly and dramatically outside of Egypt after the death of Ptolemy III in 222 BC, probably Lysimachus and his family had the motive and opportunity for divorcing themselves from Ptolemaic suzerainty. At an unknown date during his reign, Lysimachus and his family were enjoying excellent cordial relations with the Seleucid monarch Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus III reigned from 222 BC until 187 BC, was an enemy of the Ptolemies who was at the time expanding Seleucid power in Asia Minor. When Lysimachus died, he was succeeded by Ptolemy II of Telmessos, his son and successor by an unnamed Greek woman.
Cilliers may refer to:
