Claudius Ptolemy described Britain at the beginning of Roman rule but incorporated material from earlier sources. Although the name "Pretanic Isles" had been known since the voyage of Pytheas and "Britannia" was in use by Strabo and Pliny, Ptolemy used the earlier "Albion," known to have been used as early as the Massaliote Periplus.
International career.
Rennenkampf commanded four infantry battalions, two Cossack sotnias, and two horse batteries, during the Boxer Rebellion in 1900-01, and was responsible for the capture of Tsitsihar and Kirin in Manchuria, thereby removing any Boxer threat to Harbin and the Chinese Eastern Railway. During this campaign, he was decorated with both the 4th degree and 3rd degree Order of St. George for military distinction.
The onager consisted of a frame placed on the ground to whose front end a vertical frame of solid timber was rigidly fixed; through the vertical frame ran an axle, which had a single stout spoke. On the extremity of the spoke was a sling used to launch a projectile.
<doc id="1300083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1300083" title="Sharon Springs">
The Allmusic review by Paul Henderson awards the album 4.5 out of 5 stars and states: "The band's fourth release in as many years finds it functioning as a full-strength unit, cranking out searing hardcore laced with positive but leery messages and ideals. While the music and message remain essentially the same as their previous releases, increasing depth and maturity begin to take hold in both these areas."
They are both naive about sex and technology. Tracy, for example, attempts to telephone Robert to inform him that he's lost his mobile phone, and believes that she is a lesbian when she discovers her husband in women's clothing. They have a baby, who is seen or referred to occasionally. This reflects, as the writer observes, Moffat's inexperience of looking after children at the time.
In the season 8 "Smallville" episode "Injustice", the Rudy Jones version of the character (played by Brendan Fletcher) appears with Livewire, Neutron, and Plastique to form into a team of meteor freak rogues hired by Tess Mercer who search for Davis Bloome aka Doomsday. After the deaths of both Neutron to Doomsday and Live Wire to Mercer, Plastique and Jones decide to go rogue after Mercer. After taking Clark Kent's powers, they almost kill Tess, until Green Arrow appears and weakens Jones with Kryptonite, until he returned his powers to Clark, and Plastique is returned to jail, along with Jones.
GFAP has also been shown to be important in repair after CNS injury. More specifically for its role in the formation of glial scars in a multitude of locations throughout the CNS including the eye and brain.
Indiana 
TPA has a specific use in cancer diagnostics as a B-cell specific mitogen in cytogenetic testing. To view the chromosomes, a cytogenetic test requires dividing cells. TPA is used to stimulate division of B-cells during cytogenetic diagnosis of B-cell cancers such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
It is currently combined with cytosine arabinoside as a first line treatment of acute myeloid leukemia. 
Archaeological excavations have found traces of human settlement dating back to 26,000-24,000 years ago, the oldest yet discovered in Belarus.
HDAC inhibitors have effects on non-histone proteins that are related to acetylation. HDIs can alter the degree of acetylation of these molecules and, therefore, increase or repress their activity. For the four examples given above (see "Function") on HDACs acting on non-histone proteins, in each of those instances the HDAC inhibitor Trichostatin A (TSA) blocks the effect. HDIs have been shown to alter the activity of many transcription factors, including ACTR, cMyb, E2F1, EKLF, FEN 1, GATA, HNF-4, HSP90, Ku70, NFκB, PCNA, p53, RB, Runx, SF1 Sp3, STAT, TFIIE, TCF, YY1.
In 1987, Patton ran for Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky. In a crowded primary, his 130,713 votes placed him third behind Brereton Jones (189,058 votes) and Attorney General David L. Armstrong (147,718 votes), but ahead of state senator David Boswell and Superintendent of Public Instruction Alice McDonald. In the most expensive primary in Kentucky history to that point, Patton spent more than $2 million of his personal fortune, but was outspent by Jones, who committed more than $3 million to the campaign. By comparison, Martha Layne Collins had spent $140,000 to win the office in 1979 and Steve Beshear $250,000 to win it in 1983.
In 1856 Great Duke Konstantin offered Russian writers an assignment to visit different Russian regions and describe the industry and everyday life there. Konstantin Nikolayevich's initial idea was to reform the Russian Navy's recruiting system. Impressed with the adventures of Ivan Goncharov with the Frigate "Pallada", he came up with an 'arty' gesture much in the spirit of the post-Nikolai wave of liberal changes. The major reason for Ostrovsky (who initially was left behind and had to ask for special permission to be added as a volunteer to the list of eight) joining the expedition was the example set by Leo Tolstoy who, with his Crimean war experience, looked like a man who had seen the world, while Ostrovsky up until then had only travelled "from his home to the theatre and back".
A few commentators, such as Cenk Uygur and Michael Rogers, criticized Mehlman on "The Ed Show", for having remained closeted about his sexuality while active in politics. Rogers has long advocated for the forced outing of closeted gay politicians who vote or advocate against LGBT interests.
Matt Thompson, who has played for Newcastle Jets (2005–2010), Melbourne Heart (2010–2013), and Sydney (2013–2014) holds the record for number of A-League appearances, with 221 caps.
Agassiz
Boissevain is a small town of just under 1,500 people and it is between Killarney and Deloraine on the east and west with Brandon in the north. The population of the surrounding area, within a 50 kilometre radius of the town, is about 15,000.
The relative indefinite pronouns are "kdorkoli" or "kdor koli" (whoever) and "karkoli" or "kar koli" (whatever). The meaning conveyed is very similar to the unspecified pronoun. The inflexion follows the pattern of the relative pronoun with "-koli" or " koli" appended. The space, as shown, is optional, but for sake of consistency, once one method has been adopted, one should not use the other.
ICRISAT formally adopted an Open Access policy for its research publications in 2009. It is among a small number of agricultural research organizations to do so. As of June 2010, about 3000 publications are available.
In the 2010 landmark case "McDonald v. Chicago", the Supreme Court declared the Second Amendment is incorporated through the Due Process Clause. However, Justice Thomas, the fifth justice in the majority, criticized substantive due process and declared instead that he reached the same incorporation only through the Privileges or Immunities Clause. No other justice attempted to question his rationale. This is considered by some as a "revival" of the Privileges or Immunities Clause, however as it is a concurring opinion and not the majority opinion in the case, it holds no legal weight in lower courts; it is merely an indication that SCOTUS may be inclined, given the proper question, to reconsider and ultimately reverse the "Slaughterhouse Cases".
On August 11, 2007, Australia's Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA, the national agency responsible for regulation of pharmaceuticals) cancelled the registration of lumiracoxib in Australia due to concerns that it may cause liver failure.
In 1993, Johnson was voted to start in that year's All-Star Game, making him the first Hornet in franchise history to receive that honor; he enjoyed his best statistical season with averages of 22.1 points per game and 10.5 rebounds per game in 82 games, which earned him All-NBA second team honors. Along with Alonzo Mourning, Muggsy Bogues and Dell Curry, Johnson played with the Hornets at the height of their popularity in the early to mid-1990s. During this time, Johnson, who went by his initialism "LJ" and the nickname "Grandmama" (because of a popular series of commercials for Converse, who signed Johnson to an endorsement contract following his entry into the NBA), was featured on the cover of the premiere issue of "SLAM Magazine".
Antowain Smith
