The Kemmelberg, also known as Kemmel Hill or Mont Kemmel, is a 156m high hill near Kemmel in the municipality of Heuvelland in West Flanders, Belgium.
Miguel de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar
<doc id="18693423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18693423" title="Domingo González Pérez">
Alexander Grant (Nova Scotia politician)

He died in Paris, France, on 1 August 1930 . His remains were brought to Costa Rica and solemnly buried in the cemetery of San Jose .
<doc id="18694635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18694635" title="Salient (geography)">
A roustabout is a type of worker. The word may also refer to:
A past student of Bancroft's School, Beal High School and the University of Kent, Kent Business School in Canterbury, England and the University of Oviedo in Asturias, Spain. Her Undergraduate Master's Dissertation was on "Combining SSM (Soft systems methodology) and DESM (Discrete event simulation) in an Athletics Club." She also fronted a TV talk show on a Sky Channel and appeared in inspirational idents for BET network.(Black Entertainment Television)
In Gottlieb's vision, Gottex collections can be worn "from pool to the bar," and then to a restaurant or cocktail parties. In addition to swimsuits, Gottex produces caftans, tunics and trousers, combining swimwear and beachwear. Gottex is a pioneer of swimsuits with hard-cup bras. Gottex is known for using innovative fabrics. It was the first manufacturer to introduce Spandex.
Alan Johnson (political theorist)
<doc id="18696273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18696273" title="Bell Creek">
PED patients usually avoid prolonged, continuous exertion to prevent occurrence of attacks. Use of anticonvulsants such as benzodiazepines show little to no success in PED patients. A few cases have shown that patients were able to lessen their attacks with a high carbohydrate snack. A new approach to managing PED is the ketogenic diet, which alters the primary cerebral energy metabolism from glucose to ketone bodies. Reports have shown that the ketonic diet protects against seizures in epilepsy. In PED, it is probable that ketones will provide sufficient energy for the basal ganglia, which is normally deficient in patients with PED.
Burston was promoted to major in the AAMC on 1 July 1919, lieutenant colonel on 1 July 1920, and colonel on 1 September 1921. He assumed the post of Deputy Director of Medical Services, 4th Military District in South Australia on 1 August 1921, a post he was to hold until 12 October 1939.
The Kashmir gray langur ("Semnopithecus ajax") is an Old World monkey, one of the species of langurs. This, like other gray langurs, is a leaf-eating monkey. It has been reported from northern India west into Pakistani Kashmir and in Nepal, but evidence indicates it only occurs within a single valley in Himachal Pradesh, India. 
Among the current Ladies of Honour of the order is the Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein.
