he may still be liable under s.2(4)(b) of the Occupiers' Liability Act 1957.
Erts (, ) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of La Massana. 
Regular use.
General Info.
Biography.
Burnette's daughter said of him:

Petrus Canisius van Lierde
The girls basketball team was a powerhouse in the early part of the decade. They won back-to-back State Titles in 2003 and 2004 on the back of standout player, Sharee Daluze.
Emmenecker became the MVC's most-decorated player of the 2007-08 season:
Biography.
Eduard Kokoity, the President of South Ossetia's breakaway republic, speaking immediately after Kosovo's secession said, "Some countries will recognise our republics Ossetia and Abkhazia. I cannot rule out that some of them may do so later this year. Russia, however, will not necessarily be the first to recognise our independence." South Ossetia, Abkhazia, and Transnistria have all submitted formal requests for recognition of their independence to Russia, among other countries, and international organisations citing Kosovo as a precedent.
Mention must be made of Oreste Candi’s only pupil, Lorenzo Bellafontana, whose production of bowed instruments is not consistent, interspersed as it is with many guitars and repair works, but is nonetheless interesting for the changes in style that those instruments show. During the 1950s he made a fair number of ‘Cannon’ violins in the style of Praga that sometimes bear original labels. Evidently the tradition of violin making in Genoa continued unbroken.
On 7 March, Karen Matthews said on GMTV that her boyfriend Craig Meehan was not involved in the kidnapping and he "would not hurt anybody". Meehan was defended by Shannon Matthews's father, Leon Rose. Nonetheless, Karen and her boyfriend, in an interview on Radio 4's "Today programme" on 12 March, were questioned on suggestions by her parents that Meehan had been violent towards Matthews and on Karen having seven children by at least five fathers (two of the children were registered as having unknown fathers). Commenting on the interview, "The Independent" said that the case had developed a cruel overtone and that such questions went far beyond necessity and lifted the lid on an uncomfortable hypocrisy in British society.

More recently, film and DVD critic Jamie S. Rich, also gave the film a lukewarm review, writing, "The film doesn't have much tension, despite the inherent drama of the scenario. The main reason for this is Hurley. He isn't written as being all that menacing. He's more the know-it-all pessimist who sees through everyone else's charade, rather than the scary murderer who plays mind games with his victims. He stirs up the pot some, but the juiciest stuff emerges all on its own ... the bulk of "Split Second" is essentially unremarkable. It's a serviceable lower-tier movie that moves at an efficient pace and provides mild entertainment."
One should also note that members of the Imperial household have additional "-miya" type titles. The current Crown Prince was usually referred to by this title, "Hiro-no-miya" before the death of his grandfather.

Alistair (Ally) Graham (born 11 August 1966) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker.
The estate's name has origins from the founding family, presumably of Scottish origin sometimes documented as Demay, who lived in France since the Middle Ages and were installed in Pomerol at the end of the 16th century. Archives state the family by royal ordonnance became masters of the fief of Certan, or Sertan, making this the oldest "vignoble" of the district, an area that also encompassed present day Vieux Château Certan and Château Certan-Giraud. The French Revolution led to the division of the domain, leaving the de May family with a small parcel of the original property, then called Petit-Certan.
<doc id="16211496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16211496" title="Isotta Fraschini Tipo 8">
Semi finals.
2008 Super GT season
The terminal is situated in a separate entrance route from the Mediterranean, near Port Said. It operates up to 24 cranes. Additionally, it is a goal of the SCCT to encourage global shipping lines to establish transshipment hubs.
All these waves of immigrants now are completely integrated.
The 5th transported men and supplies to and evacuated casualties from forward areas in Southwest and Western Pacific from, December 1944 – September 1945.
Jimmie Le Roy McDonald Rod (May 17, 1927 – October 23, 2004) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for five different teams between 1950 and 1958. Listed at 5' 10", 185 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
Polytechnic Colleges.

<doc id="16218173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16218173" title="Julius Blüthner">
Bendern
The controversy started from a wild party, alleged to have occurred on Labor Day weekend of 2002, involving strippers at the official residence of the mayor—the city-owned Manoogian Mansion. It was alleged by former members of the mayor's Executive Protection Unit that the mayor's wife, Carlita Kilpatrick, came home unexpectedly and upon discovering Kwame with the strippers began to attack one of the women. Allegedly, injuries from Carlita's assault sent the woman to the hospital. 
According to "Forbes", he is worth US$16 billion. He lives in Mexico City, and he is married. 
Savannah State.

Vital Statistics.

The eight fifth round ties were played on the weekend of the 18 February, with three replays being required.
<doc id="16222729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16222729" title="Koshkenchi">
Obama was allowed to request a recount under state law since preliminary results showed a difference of less than 1% of the votes. The request would have had to be granted by the state. However, since Obama already won the election, there had been no indications to suggest that he would request a recount. He ultimately did not request one.
Casibari is a village on the island of Aruba, located towards the center of the island.
Conservative talk show host Hugh Hewitt said Lizza is "widely regarded as one of the premier political reporters of the United States working at this time."
"Runner-up: —"

kbalertz.com is a website that provides email alerts of new articles, although Microsoft recently has provided a similar service.
Biography.
Aïn Torki
Early Operations.
Kern claimed to have received death threats that caused her to hire a bodyguard. The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation officer who reviewed Kern's emails said, "I wouldn't characterize them as death threats."
Sidi Amar, Annaba
2008 CIS Men's Basketball Championship
