World Trade Organization.
Following the radio premiere of "Say Somethin'", as well as the video release, MTV News reported that Carey would film a music video for "Fly Like a Bird" at the end of March 2006. According to Carey, the video had already been conceptualized by mid-March, with a script featuring Carey, Keaton and a church choir as the main focuses. In a later interview, Carey said, "We don't have a lot of time to do it. It's not a big-budget thing. But it doesn't need to be. It just needs to be about the song, capturing the song and the emotion of it." While plans for the video's filming were made, a final version was never released or commissioned.
<doc id="2580433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2580433" title="Regentville, New South Wales">
She had been awarded the Naledi Award, a lifetime achievement award for her services to the theatre in South Africa.

Phillip Bay, New South Wales
Charity.
D. undecimpunctata.
Caldwell scored what was to be his last aerial victory, a Mitsubishi Ki-46 "Dinah" of the "202nd Sentai", over the Arafura Sea on 17 August 1943. He claimed a total of 6.5 Japanese aircraft shot down. 

Women's lacrosse.
The development of the lighting fittings industry in Guzhen can be traced back to the late 1970s, however, the first significant developments took place from the mid-1980s to early 1990s. Due to the rapid economic development of China Guzhen's lighting fittings industry has undergone unprecedented growth in the past two decades.
! 1353
Central Park, at the corner of Cooper and Storey Streets, has a flat parkland with an excellent bicycle track for young children built of smooth concrete. This park also has playground equipment.


All tracks by Laurie Anderson.

After the First Balkan War of 1912, Kosovo was internationally recognised as a part of Serbia and northern Metohija as a part of Montenegro at the Treaty of London in May 1913. In 1918, Serbia became a part of the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, later named Yugoslavia.
Pagania was a minor duchy between Cetina and Neretva. The territories of Zahumlje and Travunia spread much further inland than the current borders of Dalmatia. Duklja (the Roman Doclea) began south of Dubrovnik and spread down to the Skadar Lake.
