On September 5, 2014, the production team behind the show announced that a sixth season is already on its planning stages. There is still no official airing date for this said season, and audition schedules are yet to be announced. However, there are rumors that this season will be an All-Star season, with former housemates occupying the house. It is also rumored that this will be the last season of the show and it will air on 2015.
In January 2003 a suspected arson attack at the proposed site was started after a public meeting was held by hundreds of campaigners protesting against plans to use the building to house refugees. The fire had been deliberately set in a former bar area on the ground floor of the seven-storey building. By February a local man appeared in court charged with racially-aggravated criminal damage in connection with the fire, to which he pleaded not guilty.
Timeline.
History.
During the Second Boer War, 1899-1902, the Lancers took part in the following actions: Belmont, Battle of Modder River, Magerfonstien, Relief of Kimberley, and the following Battle of Paardeberg which resulted in Cronje’s surrender. They provided Lord Roberts’ escort for his state entry into Bloemfontein. After the war, the 9th returned to Sialkot in the Punjab.

Lu confirmed the planned IPO again in July 2013, quoted in the press as saying, "We are ready and can do an IPO any time." He also revealed that the firm has still not decided where to list, but is looking at the stock exchanges of New York and Hong Kong. On 25 September 2013, a media report confirmed that negotiations with Hong Kong regulators had deteriorated and a US IPO is being sought by the company as of the date of the report. Analysts estimated that the Alibaba IPO would have added US$25 million to the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing (HKEx)'s annual revenues.
<doc id="2430474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2430474" title="Anthony Tommasini">

The benefits for children to maintain relationships with both parents have been repeatedly shown in research. Children in joint custody arrangements often report greater levels of satisfaction with the division of time between their parents and children are also are less likely to feel torn between their parents when compared with children who are in sole custody arrangements. In addition, children in joint custody arrangements report feeling closer to both parents than children in sole custody arrangements. Joint custody arrangements also appear to benefit the parents. Not only do parents in joint custody arrangements report lower levels of conflict with one another, when compared to those in sole custody arrangements, but joint custody is frequently related to more positive relationships, effective parenting, and lower inter-parental conflict; key factors that ensure a child’s well-being following divorce. However, it is important to point out that families are far less likely to benefit from a joint custody arrangement if there is frequent parental conflict or hostility exhibited in their relationship. Frequent conflict between parents can increase a child's/children's risk for poor psychological functioning.
In 1866, an amending Act was passed which eliminated entirely the population limit and replaced the two-thirds majority previously required for adoption with a simple majority. It also allowed neighbouring parishes to combine with an existing or potential library authority. This Act covered Scotland, England and Wales and in 1867 another Act was passed in Scotland to amend and consolidate it, which established a form of library committee composed of a maximum of twenty members, of which half were to be members of the council and the other half to be selected by the council from householders.
