-->
Jurisdiction.

<doc id="1067244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1067244" title="Go (radio)">
Bank Holiday.
Biography.
Pathophysiology.
Cryosurgery is a minimally invasive procedure, and is often preferred to more traditional kinds of surgery because of its minimal pain, scarring, and cost; however, as with any medical treatment, there are risks involved, primarily that of damage to nearby healthy tissue. Damage to nerve tissue is of particular concern.
4. "Within These Words" (Faure) (3:12)<br>

During World War II, Lyons and his wife, actress Bebe Daniels, settled in London. The couple, along with the comedian Vic Oliver, starred in the radio series "Hi, Gang!", which ran from 1940 to 1949. "Hi Gang" was succeeded in 1950 by "Life with the Lyons", which also featured their real life son Richard and daughter Barbara, and had a run on BBC and independent television from 1954 until 1960.
A villager falling into the water does not drown. He floats at the surface, capable of swimming one space per turn, or three when riding on the back of a dolphin. Dolphins can only transport one villager at a time.
Jefferson now lives in Manchester, UK.
In 1904, Corinthian beat Manchester United 11–3, which remains United's biggest defeat. After World War I, the team began to compete in the FA Cup, but with limited success. They also played the 1927 Charity Shield, losing to Cardiff City 2–1.
It was again Grand Prix year in 1976, and notwithstanding the money already spent, another £100,000 was expended on the track and safety work; the major change was a realignment of Paddock Bend which resulted in a slight shortening of the circuit. Bottom Straight was also realigned making it straighter. It was at this time that name changes occurred; Pilgrims became Hailwood Hill, Bottom Bend became Graham Hill Bend and Bottom Straight became Cooper Straight. The Grand Prix took place on 18 July and was somewhat controversial. Following a first-lap accident the race was stopped. This year's Race of Champions winner and national hero, James Hunt was involved so he took over the spare McLaren M23D, which he won, but was later disqualified by the FIA, as it was deemed that he had not completed the first lap. Ferrari's Niki Lauda was declared the winner from the Tyrrell of Jody Scheckter and John Watson’s Penske PC3. Tom Pryce brought the Shadow home in fourth.
Clinging to his course <br>
On November 7, 2012, the day after the election, Morris published an article in "The Hill" titled "Why I was wrong". Morris stated that he had "egg on his face" and that the "key reason for my bum prediction is that I believed, mistakenly, that the 2008 surge in black, Latino and young voter turnout would recede in 2012 to 'normal' levels. Didn’t happen. These high levels of minority and young voter participation are here to stay. And, with them, a permanent reshaping of our nation’s politics." In a subsequent interview on Fox News, Morris added: "I called it as I saw it from the polling and I did the best I could and I also worked very hard for Romney." He elaborated on the latter point by explaining that he thought it was his duty to help the Romney campaign by countering pessimism about Romney's chances.
<doc id="1068467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1068467" title="Flaming Doctor Pepper">
Paul Rubens may refer to:
Kim also works in animation as a character designer on such Fox ADHD shows as "Axe Cop," "Golan The Insatiable," "Major Lazer," "Lucas Bros Moving Company" and "High School USA." The animated short, "Sympathy for Slenderman" for which Kim contributed character and background designs was nominated for a Webby Award in 2014.
<doc id="1068674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1068674" title="Hassan II Mosque">
<doc id="1068737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1068737" title="Marnhull">
Until around 1997, Shillingstone was the location of the now-defunct girls' boarding school, Croft House School. The independent Hanford School is also near the village.
The earliest reliable account of Turkey shepherd dogs comes from Evliya Çelebi. In his Seyahatname (Book of Travels) he describes the ceremonial parades of the Janissaries, an elite Ottoman force, in which guarding-dogs were displayed in full regalia by their keepers. 

<doc id="1069140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1069140" title="Sun Fo">
When asked if Dungy would consider writing a follow-up to "Quiet Strength", Dungy said,
Consortia and faculties.
1993, "Today Is Monday"
Dymond started his political career as a Councillor in Port Perry, in 1948, and he later served on the School Board. Dymond won the Progressive Conservative provincial nomination in May 1955 on the fifth ballot, with 3,500 people voting. He won election to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the June 1955 provincial election representing the riding of Ontario. He soon joined Leslie Frost's cabinet as Minister of Reform Institutions in 1957. He briefly served as Minister of Transportation before becoming Minister of Health in 1958.
Famous people.
The next day, while driving Eric to the airport to return to military school, Bates tries desperately to have a heart-to-heart talk. Eric runs off, making his way to Jack's house. Jack gently admonishes Eric to give his father a chance. Bates offers the newspaper job to Jack again and promises Eric that next year he can spend one week with him and one with Jack, much to Eric's joy.
In 1970, he signed a contract with Fink (Germany) for a ladies' prêt-à-porter (ready-to-wear) collection. The year 1978 was an excellent one for Féraud: he won the "Golden Thimble Award" for his Spring/Summer 1978 Haute Couture Collection. He went on to claim this accolade again in 1984.
Unification of Germany
In 1338, the then incumbent, Englishman Sir Ralph de Neville was besieged by Sir William Douglas, The Knight of Liddesdale, known as the "Flower of Chivalry" (this sobriquet had to do with his abilities as a knight, although it is often misinterpreted by people with a rather romantic view of history).
Dyson contested the against Nuk Korako of the National Party; she elected to not be placed onto Labour's party list. Based on preliminary counts, Dyson has a majority of 1,865 votes over Korako.
The traditional village council of the Bugun (Khowa) is known as Nimiyang (Council of Elders), which looks after every aspect of village life, may it be decision-making, utilization of local resources, conflict resolution or regulating the society. Each family is represented in the Nimiang sessions by its head male member. The traditional village council of buguns are headed by Thap-Bahow (Chief). The Thap-Bakhow is an accepted leader and selected unanimously and not hereditary. There is no strict criterion for selection of the Thap-Bakhow, but a person with economic affluence, social stature, knowledge of customary laws, sound mentality, physical strength and generosity are taken into consideration. He presides over the meetings and sittings of the Nimiyang session. It is customary that only male member possessing above qualities can become Thap-Bakhow. Womenfolk is just a passive spectator and witnesses the proceedings of the Nimiyang sessions only. However, a female member is allowed to represent if its male member is absent.
"Dave": "You know when you have a cockroach and they run round the house and get into a corner? We used to have these shoes called PRFCs - Puerto Rican Fence Climbers, okay? And this was aptly titled because if you were running from the police or what have you, and you were wearing your PRFCs, you could hit the fence at a dead run and your foot would stay in and you could commence climbing immediately, which was the essence of the whole sport anyway. And these were also great shoes for when the cockroach moves into the corner and you can't get at it with your foot or the broom anymore. You just jam your toe into the corner and hit as hard as you can. And if you did it right you got the full bug. So this slang means — bammm! — you have to give it everything you've got. Make the maximum effort, do everything possible, get the full bug."
There are free and open-source grammar checking software like LanguageTool, which can be used from onto Wikipedia articles.
<doc id="1070580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1070580" title="Castle Combe">

As a result of several United States Supreme Court decisions, capital punishment was suspended in the United States from 1972 through 1976.
The city is the subject of a 1999 documentary film, "L'Esprit de Mopti".
The war attracted independent adventurers, such as the Briton C. F. Henningsen, who served as Zumalacárregui’s chief bodyguard (and later was his biographer), and Martín Zurbano, a "contrabandista" or smuggler, who

Through a historical oddity, pirates during the Golden Age of Piracy elevated the rank of quartermaster to much higher powers and responsibilities than it had aboard any merchant or naval vessel.
Richard Bacon (broadcaster)
The Volme rises at 480 m above sea level in the southeastern part of the Ruhr region, flows through the municipalities of Meinerzhagen and Hagen and empties into the River Ruhr at 91 m above sea level. In the city of Hagen, the Volme is predominantly canalised, and since 2004 has been under restoration.
The First and Second Opium Wars among China, the British Empire and France took place in the late 1830s through the early 1860s, when the Chinese attempted to stop western traders smuggling opium into their country.

Theme music.
