Following were two metre gauge sections opened as part of the Bareilly-Pilibheet Provincial State Railway:

Gitt estimated that the cost of constructing the railroad, independent of right of way, was $604,752 ($= at today's prices) approximately $20,000 ($=) per mile or $ ($=) per kilometer. The advantage for the road was cutting the distance to the rail center at York, Pennsylvania by . The distance from Hanover Junction to Frederick was less than thru the Frederick branch. The grades at no point on the proposed route exceeded sixty feet to the mile (%).
!colspan=12| Non-conference regular season
The Unified Metropolitan Transportation Authority or UMTA is the urban transportation planning agency of Hyderabad, India. It was constituted in 2008 by an Act of the Andhra Pradesh legislature (G O Ms. No. 624).
On 29 April, the convoy was spotted by a German Ju-88 reconnaissance plane as well as by German U-boats. Two days after leaving Murmansk, the convoy was attacked by several U-boats. On 30 May "U-88" and "U-436" both made unsuccessful attacks on the convoy. Later that day, however, "U-456" fired torpedoes at "Edinburgh" and scored two hits. One torpedo hit the cruiser's forward boiler room while the other hit the cruiser's stern, destroying its rudder and two of its four propellers. The "Edinburgh" was badly damaged, but still afloat. "Edinburgh" left the convoy and headed back towards Murmansk, escorted by "Foresight "and "Forester". Several ships were sent from Murmansk to assist "Edinburgh", among them the British minesweepers "Gossamer", "Harrier", "Hussar", and "Niger", the Soviet destroyers "Gremyaschi" and "Sokrushitelny", the Soviet guard ship "Rubin", and a tug.
Romania national cricket team
On 4 July, violence continued with over 100 people wounded and at least two deaths, believed to be that of children. The Muslim Brotherhood's spokesman called for "strictly peaceful" protests to defy the "military coup". The Armed Forces said that it would guarantee the right to peacefully protest. Other Islamist groups threatened armed retaliation, while the police arrested four armed men on 5 July over claims that they had planned a reprisal attack, according to state-run "Al-Ahram". The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces added that it would protect all groups from revenge attacks and that Egyptian values "do not allow for gloating."
Portsmouth.
Northern Region IV (Coquimbo Region).
<doc id="39824527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39824527" title="Valja Strzh mine">
The International Temple, Supreme Assembly, Order of the Rainbow for Girls is a building in McAlester, Oklahoma, United States that serves as the headquarters for the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 14, 2013.
