Marshallese
<doc id="1392288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1392288" title="Bombazine">
Next, the Servant of God kills a young man. Moses again cries out in astonishment and dismay, and again the Servant reminds Moses of his warning, and Moses promises that he will not violate his oath again, and that if he does he will excuse himself from the Servant's presence. They then proceed to a town where they are denied hospitality. This time, instead of harming anyone or anything, the Servant of God restores a decrepit wall in the village. Yet again Moses is amazed and violates his oath for the third and last time, asking why the Servant did not at least exact "some recompense for it!"
As a result, many Chinese Canadians and even Chinese Americans faced an economic impact on their businesses. (During the peak of the hype, several businesses in Chinatowns old and new even capitalized on the fear by selling face masks and SARS "survival kits".) To allay some of the public fears in Canada and worldwide, Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien and Toronto Mayor Mel Lastman had lunch in a Toronto Chinatown restaurant to show that the restaurants and Chinatown in general were safe for tourism. 

The basement membrane is the fusion of two lamina, the basal lamina and the reticular lamina (or lamina reticularis). The lamina reticularis is attached to the basal lamina with collagen VII anchoring fibrils and fibrillin microfibrils. The two layers are collectively known as the basement membrane.
The regiment deployed operationally to Bosnia (Operation PALATINE) in 1999, to Kosovo (Operation AGRICOLA) in 2000 and to Iraq (Operation Telic 3) in 2003. It moved to Tidworth in 2005 and units were deployed on Operation Telic 6 later that year.
Greyhound racing was introduced to Belle Vue in 1926, in the UK's first purpose-built greyhound stadium, constructed at a cost of £22,000. It was built on land leased by Belle Vue to the Greyhound Racing Association (GRA), a company chaired by Sir William Gentle, who was also the chairman of Belle Vue (Manchester) Ltd. The site was sold to the GRA in 1937, with the proviso that it had to be used for greyhound racing.
He was known as "The Master of Attack" and "The Last Knight of the King's Gambit". His daredevil play was full of sacrifices, brilliancies, and beautiful ideas. This was exemplified, for example, in the 1923 Carlsbad tournament, where he did not have a single draw (with five wins and twelve losses).
On 29 January 2013, the Israeli Air Force launched an airstrike on a convoy in Syria believed to have SA-17 BUK-M2E missiles bound for Hezbollah in Lebanon. The Syrian government denied that the shipment of weapons was taking place.
Baehnman also made the decision to evacuate the entire city of Weyauwega, a decision which displaced approximately 1,700 residents of the city, and 600 additional people in surrounding rural areas. The scope of the resulting fire and leaking of chemicals kept residents evacuated for just over two weeks, and many of the fires that erupted as a result of the derailment burned for most of the 18-day evacuation.
Publishing.

The Steyr ACR's rounds consist of a carbon steel flechette for a projectile that used a four-part spindle sabot packaged in a telescoped arrangement with propellant packed around the projectile. The case of the ammunition was made of a lightweight translucent plastic instead of conventional brass, making the rounds weigh less than half the weight of standard 5.56x45mm NATO ammunition.
Trust Bank (New Zealand)
In 1931 "S-49" was purchased by "Captain" F. J. Chrestensen and toured the east coast for several years as a floating exhibit and tourist attraction, for which he charged a 25 cent admission. In 1936 she was an exhibit at the Great Lakes Exposition in Cleveland, Ohio.
The "Jiu Tangshu" adds that Songtsän Gampo thereupon built a city for the Chinese princess, and a palace for her within its walls.
Belarus.
The character's name was an inspired combination of a play on words:
Matsudaira Hirotada
Clinical significance.

For FY 2011, the top Texas State Agency spending categories were approximately:
