

Aventina is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
Lee Harwood (footballer)
Resource for type design.
<doc id="22154975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22154975" title="May Bumps 1974">
Happy Cow Creamery milk is not homogenized and is pasteurized with a low-temperature “batch pasteurization” process that is reported to kill harmful bacteria while preserving vitamins and helpful enzymes. The dairy is inspected by the State of South Carolina. The milk is not raw, although raw milk is legal to sell in South Carolina from the farm or small stores.
Contemporary debate.
Elrod earned consensus All-America honors in 1975 when he had 20 tackles for loss. His 44 tackles for loss led the career list at the University of Oklahoma until 2001 (it now stands as sixth-best all-time). 
Below is a list of office-holders 1945–1975:
Hamilton railway station, Victoria
ITP was established in Kuala Lumpur in the year 1986 and was acquired by LEG in 2003. ITP offers programmes in four (4) major areas namely engineering, built environment, computing and business. The specialised fields of study are engineering, quantity surveying, architecture, information technology and business. In 1991, ITP became the first college to offer Edexcel HND programmes in Malaysia thus pioneering learning-outcome based technical and vocational higher education in Malaysia. In addition, ITP also offers franchised programmes from UEL. ITP became an independent entity of the group in 2009.

It takes around 14 days (at a temperature of 70 degrees Fahrenheit) before the pupa emerges as an adult fly. The newly adult fly is pale in color with a soft body and wings. As it matures, the fly expands its wings, and the body hardens and changes color. A mature "C. loewi" is approximately 6–14 mm in length. The fly then mates and will travel several miles to lay its eggs, and the cycle repeats.

In spring 1943, the Slovene Legion ("Slovenska legija") appointed Peterlin the secret commander of all its men in the MVAC in the Province of Ljubljana. After the September 1943 capitulation of Italy, the Province of Ljubljana was occupied by the Germans in its entirety. SS General Erwin Rösener, the commander of German forces in the province, sought to continue the use of the anti-Communist forces, and to this end ordered the formation of the "Domobranci", the Slovenian Home Guard forces on 24 September 1943. Although they were "fully armed, supplied, and paid by the German occupation authorities," the "Domobranci" "were not united in their aims. A faction around General Rupnik sincerely believed in the Germans and what they stood for. Another group around Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Peterlin wanted eventually to link up with the Western Allies".
Roscoe Oberlin,
History.

Christopher A. Walrath
A special plaque memorializing the bridge's historic significance is attached to its northwest facade.
Geography.
