Ro'i Gibori – Co-founder. Specialist on Windows, Unix, X Window, and VMS. 
In addition to using camp brothels as a means to control inmates, encourage collaboration, and prevent riots and escapes, Heinrich Himmler also intended them to be used as a means of teaching pink triangle prisoners "the joys of the opposite sex", i.e., as "therapy" for their homosexuality. Heger claims that Himmler directed that all gay prisoners were to make compulsory visits to the camp brothel once per week as a means of curing them of their same-sex attraction.
Delivered to the Navy 23 September 1971, "Houma" served at Naval Base Roosevelt Roads, San Juan, Puerto Rico.
In 2006, Jason Mosby signed on to Tasteful Licks Records and assumed the pseudonym Next Time Gadget. On August 21, 2007 he released his third solo album "Biton Tasteful Licks Records. In stark contrast to his previous solo releases, the tracks selected for "Bit", a collection of original tracks from live sessions conducted from 2003 to 2007, were purposely lighter and more basic in their construction.

Scully grew up in Pleasant Hill, which was across the Bay from San Francisco. In eighth grade he won honorable mention in the 1958 Bay Area Science Fair for designing and building a small computer. During high school he spent summers working at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory on physics problems. In his junior year of high school, Scully completed a small linear accelerator in the school science lab (he was trying to make gold atoms from mercury) which was pictured in a 1961 edition of the "Oakland Tribune". Scully skipped his senior year of high school and went directly to U.C. Berkeley majoring in mathematical physics. After two years at Berkeley, Scully took a leave of absence in 1964 because his services as an electronic design consultant were in high demand.
Baraniuk's own textbook, "Signals and Systems," has generated 5.5 million page views including a very popular translation into Spanish. Connexions provides the digital publishing platform for OpenStax College, a free and open library of college textbooks. In 2006 Baraniuk delivered a lecture on Connexions at TED that has been viewed over 500,000 times. He has been an active advocate and popularizer of open education and was also one of the framers of the Cape Town Open Education Declaration.

HMS "Sir Galahad" was a trawler built for the British Royal Navy in 1941. Post war it was sold into civilian service and was wrecked in 1957 after running aground off the Isle of Mull.
It is formed by oxidation of pentagalloyl glucose in "Tellima grandiflora" by the enzyme , a laccase-type phenol oxidase.

Career.

Rumeur, 2006
Journal.

Statistics.
Production.

<doc id="26494328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26494328" title="Favosites">
<doc id="26495193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26495193" title="Universitarios Football Club">
Reception.
Invidia is also the Roman name for the ancient Greek goddess, Nemesis. 
Money on the Side is a 1982 television movie. It stars Karen Valentine, Jamie Lee Curtis and Linda Purl as three women who become prostitutes, working for madam Karen Gordon (Susan Flannery).
Takuma Terashima
Gambling in Australia
Isaac Losee House

Critics from the right wing accused Eichberg of overstating the structural contradictions between the state and the people. By giving priority to the "folk", the authority of the state (→state (polity), →nation state) would be damaged.
The winners of the second round went on to qualify for the fourth round of the Championship. The losers played in the third round against the winners of the backdoor round. St. Vincent's, Lucan Sarsfields, UCD, St. Oliver Plunkett's Eoghan Ruadh, Na Fianna, St. Brigid's, Kilmacud Crokes and 2009 champions Ballyboden St. Enda's went to the fourth round. Raheny, O'Toole's, Templeogue SS, St. Sylvester's, Ballinteer St. John's, St. Anne's, St. Maur's and last year's finalists St. Jude got a second chance to progress in the third round of the competition.

In 1932, when Hu was 60 years old, he was appointed head of the Guangjiu Railway Management Department in Guangdong.

In 2013, Sagan's team changed its name to , since Liquigas ended its cycling sponsorship after eight years. Sagan started his season at the Tour de San Luis, coming close to success in the last stage by finishing second behind Mattia Gavazzi. He took his first victory of the season on the second stage of the Tour of Oman. Sagan broke away from a group of chasers in the final kilometres, joined three escapees but continued his effort to bank a solo win. He won again the very next day on a stage that featured the same course as stage 2 of the 2012 edition, which he had won as well. Before the start of stage 5, Sagan announced his withdrawal due to bronchitis. He scored a victory in his very first comeback race, the Gran Premio Città di Camaiore by out sprinting a group of twelve riders. He finished second at Strade Bianche, while his team-mate Moreno Moser won the event. Sagan covered the late break attempts to help Moser's bid for victory, then attacked himself to complete a one-two for . He went on to win stages 3 and 6 of Tirreno–Adriatico. On stage 3, he out sprinted Mark Cavendish and André Greipel in pouring rain after his team accelerated the race's speed on a small climb nearing the finish. On stage 6, Sagan survived a climb featuring a section at a slated 30% incline, and formed a breakaway with former teammate Vincenzo Nibali and Joaquim Rodríguez. He beat both to the sprint.
<doc id="26502208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26502208" title="Paul Klatt">
The court rejected Plaintiff's argument that the Keyword Tool materially contributes to the alleged illegality and thereby establishes developer liability. The court cited "Carafano v. Metrosplash.com", where it ruled that "if a particular tool 'facilitates the expression of information,' it generally will be considered 'neutral' so long as users ultimately determine what content to post, such that the tool merely provides 'a framework that could be utilized for proper or improper purposes.'" Thus, like the menus in "Carafano", Google's Keyword Tool is a neutral tool that merely provides options to advertisers.
Arranged marriages are actively debated between scholars. The questions debated include whether arranged marriages are being used to abuse international immigration system; whether arranged marriages inherently violate human rights, particularly women's rights; whether they yield more stable marriages for raising children, the next generation; and whether there is more or less loving, respectful relationship for the married couple.
Freedom Air (New Zealand) destinations
Rümker
<doc id="26505423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26505423" title="Humid oxidation with peroxide">
