On July 15, 2009, the second day of questioning began with Senator John Cornyn (R-TX), who immediately went after her "wise Latina" remark once again, in trying to further clarify the difference between that statement, and the statement that Sotomayor has compared hers to, in which former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor likened the decisions made by a "wise old woman" and a "wise old man." Cornyn also noted a 1996 quote made by Sotomayor, in which she stated that judges can "change law." Sotomayor went on to claim that the statement was taken out of context, and that she was explaining the process of law to the public, and that judges "can't change law. We are not lawmakers." Cornyn also asked if President Obama had asked Sotomayor's opinion on abortion rights. She responded that "did not ask me about any specific legal questions [... or any social issues." Cornyn ended asking for further explanation about her ruling in the "Ricci" case.
Second round.

Muskoka Magazine is a large format lifestyle magazine published ten times per year in Bracebridge, Ontario by Cottage Country Communications. The magazine is widely sold throughout the Muskoka region and in the greater Toronto area.
Notes.


In early 2010, a swastika was found spray-painted into the carpet of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual Trans Queer Alliance, in the basement of the Erb Memorial Union. A computer was also vandalized with black paint. It was speculated to be related to a recent discussion by the Pacifica Forum held about the meaning of the swastika.
"May 1, 1951, WOR Studios, New York. Disc 1, tracks 20-23 and disc 2, tracks 1-5. See The Amazing Bud Powell, Vol. 1 and The Amazing Bud Powell, Vol. 2."
The Gäuboden (also referred to in German as the Dungau) is a region in Lower Bavaria in southern Germany without any clear geographic or cultural boundaries, that covers an area about 15 kilometres wide south of the River Danube and the Bavarian Forest, beginning opposite Wörth an der Donau and stretching as far as Künzing. The largest town in the region is Straubing, which is often called the centre of the Gäuboden. The Gäuboden is one of the largest loess regions in southern Germany.
! Title

The personification of Ecclesia preceded her coupling with Synagoga by several centuries. A number of biblical passages, including those describing Christ as a "bridegroom" led early in the history of the church to the concept of the church as the Bride of Christ, which was shown in art using a queenly personification. The church was in this context sometimes conflated with the Virgin Mary, leading to the concept of Maria Ecclesia, or Mary as the church, which is an element, now usually unrecognised, in the theology behind much of the art showing the Virgin as a queen.
