Following Stage 1, Poland's Lech Piasecki became the first rider from the Eastern Bloc to lead the Tour de France. He was one of eight different men to wear yellow, a new record for the Tour.

For the third consecutive year, in 2008 Heritage Vancouver listed the Burrard Bridge first on its Top Ten endangered sites in Vancouver. It had ranked fourth in 2005.
This is a list of people who served as Lord Lieutenant of Peeblesshire. The Lieutenancy has been replaced by the Lieutenancy of Tweeddale.
In 2006, nearly 500 teenagers attempted the "Guinness Book of World Records" bid for the largest number of clog dancers. It took place in The Hague. They were dancing the ballet version of the Dutch clog dance rather than the folk version. The ballet "La fille mal gardée" contains a well-known clog dance. For this specific dance the choreography was created by Stanley Holden (1928–2007), though Frederick Ashton took overall responsibility for it.
In 1914, Mohler isolated an organism from the liver and spleen of pigs, "B. suis". "B. neotome", "B. ovis", and "B. canis" were described in 1957, 1963, and 1966, respectively.


with Sarah Geronimo, Rachelle Ann Go,
His presence in the starting grid of the Lisbon-Dakar 2007 has been announced. He will be driving a factory works Fiat Panda Cross.
Tollycraft was a US powerboat manufacturer which is no longer in business.

Y-DNA haplogroups are determined by SNP tests. SNPs are locations on the DNA where one nucleotide has "mutated" or "switched" to a different nucleotide. The nucleotide switch must occur in at least 1% of the population to be considered a useful SNP. If it occurs in less than 1% of the population, it is considered a personal (or private) SNP.

"Highness" was the style accorded princes of the British Royal Family who were the male-line great-grandchildren of a British sovereign (and the wives/widows of great-grandsons), except the eldest son of the Prince of Wales. In 1917 George V revoked authorization for use of that style. 
The future of the Fraternity is in the hands of its members. Edgar Friedrichs, Beta Sigma Psi's first national president, once observed that "Beta Sigma Psi was organized as a means of serving the Church -- as a means to the end. Let us therefore be vigilant lest the means become an end in itself."
TX190 -- Streetlife "Streetlife/I Will Survive"
In 1909, Khalil Sakakini founded the Dusturiyyah school, which became known for its Arab nationalist approach. Sakakini pioneered an progressive education system: no grades, prizes or punishments for the students, and emphasis being placed on music education and athletics. He also introduced new methods of teaching Arabic, and made it the primary language of instruction instead of the Turkish. Sakakini led a movement to reform and change into a more Arab approach to what he considered to be a corrupt Greek Orthodox Church of Jerusalem, and wrote a pamphlet in 1913 titled "The Orthodox Renaissance in Palestine", which led to his excommunication from the Greek Orthodox Church. Ottoman authorities arrested him on the last day of the Ottoman Rule in 1917 after he had sheltered a Polish-American Jew and fellow citizen of Jerusalem, Alter Levine. Both were sent to a prison in Damascus. Levine became an enemy when the United States joined the Allies of World War I. Even so, Alter Levine and Khalil Sakakini became close friends during their incarceration. Upon his release, Sakakini boarded for a brief time with Musa Alami, a former pupil, and then joined the Arab Revolt, for which he composed its anthem.

<doc id="2283130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2283130" title="1965 in archaeology">
Arame
