Fossils.
Sripuria, Tinsukia
Ethmia coquillettella is a moth in the Ethmiidae family. It is found along the southern and inner central coast range of California and has also been recorded from interior British Columbia.
The 2007 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 48,871 in 9,452 households, of whom 24,120 were men and 24,751 were women; 1,479 or 3.03% of its population were urban dwellers. The majority of the inhabitants observed Protestantism, with 92.44% reporting that as their religion, while 7.17% observed Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity.
Leslie Patykewich, John Snow, Inc
Ethmia epileuca
Inside the pit, Abobo waits for some time before a series of mishaps with the prison toilet results in him being flushed. He comes out of the pipe in the "Super Mabobo" stage, which is themed after the underwater stages from "Super Mario Bros." Abobo swims through "Super Mabobo", eventually slaying a giant shark called Big Daddy, and enters another pipe that deposits him in the next stage, "Urban Chabobo".
The Ciudad Deportiva Millito Navarro (Millito Navarro Sports City) is a multi-sport complex currently under construction in Ponce, Puerto Rico. The complex is to consist of a soccer stadium, a baseball field, three tennis courts, a track for track and field, a covered basketball court, and a covered gymnasium. It is also planned to have schooling, physical training, and medical facilities on the premises. Its projected cost is 32.3 million USD. The complex is named after Ponce's Millito Navarro, the first Puerto Rican to play baseball in the Negro Leagues and who, living until age 105, was also the oldest living professional baseball player to have played in the Negro Leagues.
Klarberg was commissioned the honorary title Kentucky Colonel, the highest honor awarded by the Commonwealth of Kentucky, by Kentucky Governor Steven Beshear.

In its early days Protalix operated out of a warehouse in the town of Qiryat Shemona in northern Israel. On July 19, 2005, Protalix Biotherapeutics announced the closing of a $ 5.3 million private placement of its series C preferred stock. Protalix entered into a partnership agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries in 2006 for the development of two proteins and in 2009 signed a collaboration agreement with Pfizer for the development and commercialization of its taliglucerase alfa treatment. Also in 2009, Protalix reported that Frost & Sullivan presented the company with its 2009 European Orphan Diseases
Worthing was home in the late 1960s to the 'Worthing Workshop', a group of artists and musicians who included Leo Sayer, Brian James of The Damned, Billy Idol and Steamhammer, whose guitarist, Martin Quittenton, went on to co-write Rod Stewart's UK number one hits "You Wear It Well" and "Maggie May".
Graversfors is a locality situated in Norrköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 246 inhabitants in 2010.
