Less than 18 months later, on 4 June 1939 while sitting and talking with a sick friend in St Martin's Hospital in Brisbane, Bridges suddenly fell backwards and died. Bridges was buried the following day beside his wife. 
In the past, archery was used in warfare, but with the advent of modern warfare, archery has been relegated to the game of ‘Mukha’. The slingshot, called ‘Leenda’ in the local dialect, is also used in Mukha, and is made from the horns of the ‘Markhor’ – a wild goat found in the forests and forested mountains. The horn of a single ‘Markhor’ is enough to make just one slingshot.
Services.
The whole line from Regensburg to Ulm is part of the "Regensburg Star" network ("Regensburger Stern") announced on April 2007, the franchise for which was won by the railway operator, BeNEX, on December 2007. The aim of the competition was an expansion and modernisation of local public transport services on the lines radiating from Regensburg to Landshut, Neumarkt and Plattling as well as the Danube Valley Railway itself. BeNEX intend to run up to 20% more trains than hitherto. Additional trains will be put on especially at peak times, in the evening and at weekends. On the Danube Valley Railway there is also an option to operate a two-hourly "RE" service. The introduction of new services between Regensburg and Ingolstadt and the other lines of the "Regensburg Star" is likely to take place on the timetable change on 12 December 2010, those on the Danube Valley Railway to Ulm probably on 11 December 2011.
The Washington Diplomat regularly hosts events such as an annual Embassy Golf Tournament, now in its 10th year, in May and an annual Country Promotion Strategies (CPS) Conference in November. Past CPS speakers include: Former Senators Richard Lugar and Trent Lott, National Security Advisor Stephen J. Hadley, Katie Harbath of Facebook, and envoys from Canada, Great Britain, Finland, Jordan and Iraq. Past diplomatic hosts of the Embassy Golf Tournament include the ambassadors of Singapore, Morocco, Canada, South Africa, Kazakhstan and the Philippines. The Diplomat has also sponsored various events, including Passport DC, the Ambassador's Ball and Heart's Delight Wine Tasting and Auction.

At the Baltimore Philatelic Society, Glass served in a number of capacities, including president.
Early years.
<doc id="22358218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22358218" title="Chitinoteuthis">
