Rite Aid acquired twenty-four Hooks Drug stores from Revco in 1994, selling nine of those stores to Perry Drug Stores, a Michigan-based pharmacy chain. One year later, in turn, the 224-store Perry chain was acquired by Rite Aid. The 1,000-store West Coast chain Thrifty PayLess was later acquired in 1996. The acquisition of Thrifty PayLess included the Northwest-based Bi-Mart membership discount stores, which was sold off in 1998. Acquisitions of Harco, Inc. and K&B, Inc. brought Rite Aid into the Gulf Coast area.
The riding of Moncton was created in 1966 when the district of Westmorland was split. The other riding is now called Beausejour. The riding's initial area consisted of the city of Moncton and town of Dieppe, two parishes in Westmorland County (Moncton and Salisbury), and the Parish of Coverdale in Albert County.
Furthermore, the ONLF has an official political programme in which it commits to, among other things, protecting freedom of religion, democratic activity, and the women, children, and minorities of Ogaden."Political Programme of the Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF)".
As part of the research and redesign process, EPA conducted focus groups where presented participants with several options to express the consumption of electricity for plug-in electric vehicles. The research showed that participants did not understand the concept of a kilowatt hour as a measure of electric energy use in spite of the fact that this is the metric used in their monthly electric bills. Instead, participants favored a miles per gallon of gasoline equivalent, MPGe, as the metric to compare with the familiar miles per gallon used for gasoline vehicles. The research also concluded that the kW-hrs per 100 miles metric was more confusing to focus group participants compared to a miles per kW-hr. Based on these results, EPA decided to use the following fuel economy and fuel consumption metrics on the redesigned labels: MPG (city and highway, and combined); MPGe (city and highway, and combined); Gallons per 100 miles; kW-hrs per 100 miles.
Consonant length in Arabic is contrastive: ' means 'he studied' while ' means 'he taught'; ' means 'a youth cried' while ' means 'a youth was made to cry'. A consonant may be long because of the form of the noun or verb; e.g., the causative form of the verb requires the 2nd consonant of the root to be long, as in ' above, or by assimilation of consonants, for example the ' of the Arabic definite article "al-" assimilates to all dental consonants, e.g. () ' instead of ', or through metathesis, the switching of sounds, for example ' 'less, fewer' (instead of * '), as compared to "" 'greater'.
In mathematics, and in particular model theory, a prime model is a model which is as simple as possible. Specifically, a model formula_1 is prime if it admits an elementary embedding into any model formula_2 to which it is elementarily equivalent (that is, into any model formula_2 satisfying the same complete theory as formula_1).
Language support.
Network tomography.
<doc id="1663944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1663944" title="Jingle Ma">

The Hawks moved to Atlanta prior to the 1968-69 season. During the next two years Guerin coached the team to identical 48-34 records, winning another division title in 1969-70. In each of those two seasons he came back briefly as a player, appearing in 27 games in 1968-69 and 8 games in 1969-70.

