2005 - Philip Russell
Cold War.

Wilfried Klaus
<doc id="8221450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8221450" title="Victoria Express">
•Equipment: B-52s, KC-135s.
Margaret "Betty" Belton (1 February 1916 in Lowdham, Nottinghamshire, England – 24 January 1989 in England) was an English cricketer. She played three Tests for England against the touring Australian women's cricket team in 1937. She also played for Midlands Women and Warwickshire Women.
Lowton was associated with coal mining and manufacturing during the time of the industrial revolution given its proximity to several nearby collieries and factories.
<doc id="8222580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8222580" title="Ryan O'Neill (American soccer)">

On Tuesday, March 27, 2007 MTV2.com began streaming the album, resulting in the album becoming available to download on various piracy sites.
Localities within the Monto Shire were: Bancroft, Bukali, Cania, Cannindah, Coominglah, Coominglah Forest, Glenleigh, Harrami, Kalpowar, Kapaldo, Langley, Monal, Monto, Moonford, Mulgildie, Mungungo, Rawbelle, Selene, Splinter Creek, Three Moon, Tellebang and Ventnor.

Freedom was an important concept in the German university model, and the system of professors was based on competition and freedom: although professors served as state functionaries, they had the freedom to choose between several states, and their identity and prestige arose from the specialization of scientific disciplines.
<doc id="8224420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8224420" title="Paulina, Oregon">
The North Peace Hockey League (NPHL) is a Canadian men's Senior ice hockey league based in Northern Alberta and North Eastern British Columbia. It is not professional but the teams and players play at a high calibre. The NPHL draws several hundred fans to each game, with many games being sold out each night.

<doc id="8225528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8225528" title="Luigi Mastrangelo">

Beatrice of Silva, O.I.C., also known (in Spanish) as Beatriz da Silva y de Menezes and (in Portuguese) as Beatriz de Menezes da Silva, (Campo Maior, Portugal ca. 1424 – Toledo, Castile, 9 August 1492) was a noblewoman of Portugal, who became the foundress of the monastic Order of the Immaculate Conception of Our Lady in Spain. She is honored as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church.
History.
format: CD
Watters was selected as a pre-draft selection in the 1988 VFL Draft by West Coast after he won the fairest and best award for South Fremantle in 1987. He played 46 games for the Eagles over the next four seasons, including their first ever grand final appearance in 1991. However, when he was not selected in the 1992 premiership team, he was traded to Sydney as part of a deal which gave the Eagles the Number 1 draft pick, which they used to select Drew Banfield.

As a notable fitness expert, who advocated and lived the "perfect" diet and exercise regime, it was considered in the press to be a difficult message that he would die of heart disease at the relatively young age of 63. He had consulted a cardiologist who told him his left coronary artery (dubbed the "widowmaker" in medical jargon) was almost completely blocked and that he should have surgery immediately. Corea demurred, wanting to think about ita common reaction. He suffered a fatal heart attack that night. Corea had been sick for several weeks with what had been treated as a chest cold but was more likely congestive heart failure from two previous "silent" heart attacks. His family history was full of sudden cardiac related death. His father died at 36, his grandfather at 56 and his grandmother at 64 all from acute cardiac events. Corea never mentioned his family history of heart disease on the air and his death was a serious blow to his many fans and followers who lived, exercised and ate by his personal fitness regime. His death was compared to that of runner Jim Fixx. Like Fixx, his family had a history of heart disease, but it is possible that his lifestyle added many years to his life.
The early years.
Naryn oblast is at the geographical heart of the Tien-Shan mountain range and of Kyrgyzstan, sharing borders with four of the nation’s six other provinces. Its capital, Naryn, is four hours by car from the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek and an equal distance from Kashgar in the People's Republic of China. Ak-Kya, the UCA campus site is along a bend of the Naryn River, 12 kilometres downstream from the city.


Religion.
Richmond worked at The Second City and Child's Play Touring Theatre before he began composing music for the series "Saturday Night Live". Richmond left "SNL" in 2006 to produce and compose music for the situation comedy, "30 Rock". Richmond has also appeared as an extra on various occasions on "30 Rock", as the character Alfonso Disperioso, and beginning in 2010, he directed five episodes: "Argus", "Plan B", "The Ballad of Kenneth Parcell", "Today You Are a Man", and "A Goon's Deed in a Weary World".
<doc id="8231357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8231357" title="WMYI">
Technology.

The city is served by Fonte Boa Airport.

It is the largest region of Galicia at 1,822.75 km ² and has 47,697 inhabitants
where formula_2 is a given subset of formula_3.
