In Hispanic cultures shyness and inhibition with authority figures is common. For instance, Hispanic students may feel shy towards being praised by teachers in front of others, because in these cultures students are rewarded in private with a touch, a smile, or spoken word of praise. Hispanic students may seem shy when they are not. It is considered rude to excel over peers and siblings; therefore it is common for Hispanic students to be reserved in classroom settings. Adults also show reluctance to share personal matters about themselves to authority figures such as nurses and doctors.
.txt is a file format for files consisting of text usually containing very little formatting (e.g., no bolding or "italics"). The precise definition of the .txt format is not specified, but typically matches the format accepted by the system terminal or simple text editor. Files with the .txt extension can easily be read or opened by any program that reads text and, for that reason, are considered universal (or platform independent).
Society of Arts and Science, Walter Russell president (1927-1935).
Coal mining can result in a number of adverse effects on the environment.
Zooniverse, which is part of the Adler's citizen science department, is the world's leading citizen science platform. It is a global collaboration across several institutions that design and build citizen science projects. Zooniverse has engaged more than 900,000 online volunteers as active scientists by discovering planets, mapping the surface of Mars and detecting solar flares.
The year 1800 in literature involved some significant events and new books.
The Leader of the Opposition is a title traditionally held by the leader of the largest party not in government in a Westminster System of parliamentary government. The Leader of the Opposition is seen as the alternative Prime Minister, Premier or Chief Minister to the incumbent and heads a rival alternative government known as the Shadow Cabinet or Opposition Front Bench.
The LHDs can support amphibious landings in two forms: by landing craft, or by helicopter. In the well deck, the LHDs can carry three Landing Craft Air Cushion, twelve Landing Craft Mechanised, or 40 Amphibious Assault Vehicles (AAVs), with another 21 AAVs on the vehicle deck. The flight deck has nine helicopter landing spots, and can operate helicopters as large as the Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion and Boeing Vertol CH-46 Sea Knight. The size of the air group varies depending on the operation: a standard air group consists of six Harriers and four Bell AH-1W SuperCobras for attack and support, twelve Sea Knights and four Sea Stallions for transport, and three or four Bell UH-1N Iroquois utility helicopters. For a full assault, the air group can be maxed out at 42 Sea Knights, while a "Wasp" operating in the sea control or 'harrier carrier' configuration carries 20 Harriers (though some ships of the class have operated as many as 24), supported by six Sikorsky SH-60 Seahawk helicopters for anti-submarine warfare. The CH-46 is being replaced by the MV-22 Osprey on a squadron-by-squadron basis, with the expected full conversion within all aviation combat elements by 2019. Two aircraft elevators move aircraft between the flight deck and the hangar; in order to transit the Panama Canal, these elevators need to be folded in.
Fulmars are highly pelagic outside the breeding season, like most tubenoses, feeding on fish, squid, shrimps or offal. The range of these species increased greatly in the 20th century due to the availability of fish offal from commercial fleets, but may contract because of less food from this source and climatic change. The population increase has been especially notable in the British Isles.
Economic sabotage.
Eastern Finland Province
Twin towns — Sister cities.
<doc id="208826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=208826" title="Eurovision Song Contest 1999">
The MOMS study was a prospective, randomized clinical trial. One sign of its prominence is that all U.S. fetal surgery centers not participating in the trial agreed to perform no fetal surgery for spina bifida during the 7-year duration of the trial.

Nelson died of cardiovascular failure at age 89 on July 3, 2005. 
The use of nuclear fuel and the high-level radioactive waste the nuclear industry generates is highly hazardous to people and wildlife. Radiocontaminants in the environment can enter the food chain and become bioaccumulated. Internal or external exposure can cause mutagenic DNA breakage producing teratogenic generational birth defects, cancers and other damage. The United Nations (UNSCEAR) estimated in 2008 that average annual human radiation exposure includes 0.01 mSv (milli-Sievert) from the legacy of past atmospheric nuclear testing plus the Chernobyl disaster and the nuclear fuel cycle, along with 2.0 mSv from natural radioisotopes and 0.4 mSv from cosmic rays; all exposures vary by location. natural uranium radioisotopes in nuclear waste and naturally in the ground emits radiation for the prolonged period of 4.5 billion years or more, and storage has risks of containment. The storage of waste, health implications and dangers of radioactive fuel continue to be a topic of debate, resulting in a controversial and unresolved industry.
"Achtung Baby" has been acclaimed by writers and music critics as one of the greatest albums of all time. In 1997, "The Guardian" collated worldwide data from a range of renowned critics, artists, and radio DJs, who placed the record at number 71 in the list of the "100 Best Albums Ever". In 2003, the National Association of Recording Merchandisers ranked it at number 45 on its "Definitive 200" list, while "USA Today" featured it on their list of the top 40 albums of all time. Three years later, the album appeared on a number of rankings, including "Hot Press"s "100 Greatest Albums Ever" at number 21, and "Time"s list of "The All-Time 100 Albums". VH1 ranked it 65th on the "100 Greatest Albums of Rock & Roll" episode of its "The Greatest" series. "Rolling Stone" placed the record at number 63 on its 2012 list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time", calling it "a prescient mix of sleek rock and pulsing Euro grooves" and stating that "the emotional turmoil made U2 sound more human than ever". "Entertainment Weekly"s 2013 list of the "All-Time Greatest" albums ranked the record 23rd, stating that instead of "coast forever on the cinematic storytelling they mastered on the excellently righteous "The Joshua Tree"", the group "ripped up the rule book" with "Achtung Baby". The record topped "Spin"s list of the 125 most influential albums from 1985 to 2010; the author said, "Unlike Radiohead with "OK Computer" and "Kid A", U2 took their post-industrial, trad-rock disillusionment not as a symbol of overall cultural malaise, but as a challenge to buck up and transcend... Struggling to simultaneously embrace and blow up the world, they were never more inspirational."
Although de Vaux's excavations of Qumran were quite exhaustive, and thereby the most important source of information on the settlement, there have been several excavations since de Vaux finished his work. As de Vaux left little of the settlement unexcavated, later archaeologists have often turned elsewhere to continue research, including dump sites from de Vaux's excavations. During the 1960s, according to Catherine Murphy, there were some unpublished excavations at Qumran by John Allegro and by Solomon Steckoll. Steckoll also carried out work in the cemetery, excavating twelve tombs. In 1967 restoration work was performed at Qumran by R.W. Dajjani of the Department of Antiquities of Jordan.
Kissing to Be Clever is the debut album by the English band Culture Club, released in late 1982.
The appointment of General Héctor Fautario, a loyalist of Perón, to the branch's high command, fueled broader support in the Air Force for action against her administration, and on 18 December, General Jesús Capellini attempted a coup d'état by seizing the Morón Airport and Air Base. The military joint chiefs, however, who obtained Fautario's dismissal, stayed the mutiny's hand, secretly concluding that the timing was premature. Partly in response, the nearly defeated ERP besieged the important Monte Chingolo Armory on 23 December, which claimed the lives of six military personnel and 85 guerrilla members; this defeat marked the end of the ERP's violent campaign.
The term pest may be used to refer specifically to harmful animals but is also often taken to mean all harmful organisms including weeds, plant pathogenic fungi and viruses. Pesticides are chemicals and other agents ("e.g." beneficial micro-organisms) that are used to control or protect other organisms from pests. The related term vermin has much overlap with pest, but generally only includes those creatures that are seen to be vectors of diseases.

Titles and styles.
Second reformation (2010–present).
