In 1940, one year following Canada's entry into World War II, the Jehovah's Witnesses religion was banned under the War Measures Act. This ban continued until 1943. During this period, some of their children were expelled from school; other children were placed in foster homes; members were jailed; men who refused to enter the army were sent to work camps. In 1940, twenty-nine Witnesses were convicted and sentenced to terms averaging one year.
Another goal is to be an internationally recognized and competitive educational institution home and abroad. At present more than 400 students are participating in various international programs such as students exchange program, students visiting program, credits transfer program, dual degree program, language and culture experience program, work-on experience program, etc... Also, we are inviting and welcoming international students at any time through cooperation with the partner universities and institution abroad. Presently, over 300 students are being enrolled and studying in various majors.
Amazed and delighted that she loved him, and was not cold towards him, as he had thought, he asks her to marry him. She does not want to at first, but cannot hide how much she loves him; but she is very angry when he suggests that they have a secret marriage! He explains that he is sure that his parents will never, ever allow their marriage, and even though Cecilia is afraid and feels guilty, she says yes. She innocently tells Mr. Monckton about her plans, and furious, he does his best to break them up. When they were in the middle of the marriage, he sent Miss Bennet, Lady Margaret’s servant, and his helper, to interrupt it; and Mrs. Delvile, hearing of it, came and made clear to Cecilia that what Mortimer said was true – she will never let them marry. Cecilia is very unhappy, but she loves Mrs. Delvile too much to make her hate her, and finally agrees that she will not meet Mortimer. Mortimer, however, insisted on seeing her again. Because of this, all three came together for a last meeting. Mortimer, forgetting to be proud, and begged Cecilia to be his wife, and says he doesn’t care if he is Mr. Beverley or not: Mrs. Delvile, horrified, suddenly falls so ill that both Mortimer and Cecilia are frightened, and finally decide to do as she says, and never meet each other again. They part.
England: Samuel Roberts (Swinton), Richard Lockwood (Dewsbury), Rawson Robertshaw (Bradford), John Le Fleming (Blackheath), Alan Rotherham (Richmond) capt., Fred Bonsor (Bradford), Robert Seddon (Broughton Rangers), WG Clibbon (Richmond), CR Cleveland (Oxford Uni.), GL Jeffery (Blackheath), Lawrie Hickson (Bradford), JH Dewhurst (Cambridge Uni.), Edgar Wilkinson (Bradford), N Spurling (Blackheath), HC Baker (Clifton)
Wales vs. Scotland.

Unusually Evans was one of the few headmasters of the Dixie Grammar School to be appointed other than by the local Dixie baronets. The Bishop of Lincoln, John Kaye, appointed Evans since in 1829 the 8th Baronet was only a child of 13. The schools' commissioners reported Evans' tenure as one of the most successful in the school's history.
