Sherko Bekas () (2 May 1940 – 4 August 2013), was a Kurdish poet. He was born on 2 May 1940 in Sulaimaniya in Iraqi Kurdistan as a son of the Kurdish poet Fayak Bekas.
! 882
<doc id="3335698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3335698" title="Pacific Research Institute">
The action takes place in four years after the events of "" and directly follows the "Star Wars Expanded Universe" book "The Courtship of Princess Leia". Han Solo and Princess Leia are recently married. The plot outline is that the Alderaanian moss-painting "Killik Twilight" was stolen. The painting contains a Rebel code vital to the New Republic's survival, and Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3P0, and Princess Leia are then sent to retrieve it at an art auction. On the way, Leia finds out some startling things about the past of the Skywalker family when she finds the diary of her grandmother, Shmi.
Singer Joseph Hill said "Two Sevens Clash," Culture's most influential record, was based on a prediction by Marcus Garvey, who said there would be chaos on July 7, 1977, when the "sevens" met. With its apocalyptic message, the song created a stir in his Caribbean homeland and many Jamaican businesses and schools shuttered their doors for the day.
Thane Rural District: The second district is the area which is south of the Tansa River and the rural areas not included in the Urban and Tribal districts which includes talukas of Vasai, Bhivandi, Shahapur, Kalyan, Murbad and Ambernath. Also its proposed to get the four major urban areas and towns of Karjat, Khopoli, Panvel and Uran-JNPT currently in Raigadh district, by merging the three talukas of Raigadh district currently bordering Thane district and also which are on the Pune Mumbai Highway and Mumbai Pune Railway lines, namely the Talukas of Panvel, Karjat and Uran. For historical facts both Panvel and Karjat talukas were part of Thane district and in 1891 they were merged with Kolaba or the currently called Raigad district.
Multiplying the dividend and divisor by the factor yields:
<doc id="3336688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3336688" title="Rawang, Selangor">

