Lebanese Christians are known to be specifically linked to the root of Lebanese Nationalism and opposition to Pan-Arabism in Lebanon, this being the case during 1958 Lebanon crisis. When Muslim Arab nationalists backed by Gamel Abdel Nasser tried to overthrow the then Christian dominated government in power, due to displeasure at the government's "pro-western" policies and their lack of commitment and duty to the so-called "Arab brotherhood" by preferring keep Lebanon away from the Arab League and the political confrontations of the Middle East. A more hard-nosed nationalism among some Christian leaders, who saw Lebanese nationalism more in terms of its confessional roots and failed to be carried away by Chiha's vision, clung to a more security-minded view of Lebanon. They regarded the national project as mainly a program for the security of Christians and a bulwark against threats from Muslims and their hinterland.

Ramon Vila Capdevila (, 2 April 1908 - 7 August 1963), sometimes known by various nicknames, including Caraquemada (Spanish: "burnt-face"), was a Catalan anarchist, member of the "Confederación Nacional del Trabajo" (Spanish: National Confederation of Labor), and guerrilla fighter.

Myrsine howittiana (Brush Muttonwood or Muttonwood ) is a shrub or small tree in the family Myrsinaceae. The species is endemic to eastern Australia.
After redistricting for the 2012 election, Apple filed for the Senate District 37 seat. Apple defeated Daniel B. Campbell and House incumbent Charlotte O'Hara in the August 7 Republican primary and was unopposed in the general election, which took place on November 6, 2012.
"Marilyn Brown Novel Award Honorable Mention"
Live Event Visual Reinforcement.
The Santa Teresa tram route rises from downtown Rio de Janeiro and follows a circuit of Santa Teresa hill, offering a high-level view of the city. It passes over the high Carioca Aqueduct, a former aqueduct constructed in the 18th century and beneath which standard-gauge electric trams used to run. Except for the aqueduct, the route is shared by motor vehicles.

In the mid-term perspective the Fund is planned to accumulate USD 100 million. The first contribution to the Skolkovo Endowment Fund was made by PricewaterhouseCoopers and accounted for
Several protestant missionaries from Estonia contributed in India. The first one was Arnold Nerling who worked among the Tamils in 1862–1872. Born in Reval, Franz Mathissen studied in the school of the Basel Mission, was sent to work in Calcutta in 1867 and stayed there for the rest of his life. His schoolmate Johannes Hesse from Weissenstein was sent to work in the mountains by Nilagiri in 1869–1874. Albert Grubert from Ahrensburg who had studied in Leipzig, worked in 1871–1876 in Nagapatnam. While they were Baltic Germans, the only missionary of Estonian ethnicity was Christoph Bransfeld from Kärdla who worked with the Gossner Theological College in 1880–1896.
Denmark–Vietnam relations relates to foreign relations between Denmark and Vietnam. Both countries established diplomatic relations on November 25, 1971. On April 1, 1994, Denmark established an embassy in Hanoi, and since August 12, 2000, Vietnam has had an embassy in Copenhagen.
Early Life and SS Career.
Plot.

Temuco.
Christa Berndl, 
Plot.
Track listing (2007 CD version).
