Baxter was the emergency room director at Parkland Memorial Hospital when Kennedy was shot, and famously said of the event in 1988:
Magdeburg have fan rivalries with Hallescher FC and SG Dynamo Dresden. The rivalry with Hallescher FC centers around the question of being no. 1 in Saxony-Anhalt, while the Dresden rivalry can be traced back to the 1970s, when both clubs formed the elite of East German football. There is a friendly relation to Eintracht Braunschweig, accepted by a large part of Magdeburg supporters. Some, however, merely respect the friendship, while remaining generally critical.
As far as the structuring or “wording” of the world is concerned changes occur relatively fast due to progresses in knowledge, sociopolitical changes etc. Lexical items that seem more conservative are proverbs and metaphorical idioms. Many European proverbs and idioms go back to Antiquity and the Bible, some originate in national stories and were spread over other languages via Latin. A typical European proverb to express that there is no profit without working can be paraphrased as “Roasted pigeons/larks/sparrows/geese/chickens/birds don’t fly into one’s mouth”, e.g. Cz. "Pečeni ptáci nelítají do huby (birds!)" = Dan. "Stegte duer flyve ingen i munden (pigeon!)" = ndl. "De gebraden duiven vliegen je niet in de mond (pigeons!)" = E. "He thinks that larks will fall into his mouth roasted" = Finn. "Ei paistetut varpuset suuhun lennä (sparrows!)" = Fr. "Les alouettes ne vous tombent pas toutes rôties dans le bec (larks!)" = G. "Gebratene Tauben fliegen einem nicht ins Maul (pigeon!)" = Hungar. "Senkinek nem repül a szájába a sült galamb (pigeon!)" = Lith. "Keptas karvelis neatlėks pats i burną (pigeon!)" = Latv. "Cepts zvirbulis no jumta mutē nekrīt (sparrow!)" = (Nynorsk) Norw. "Det kjem ikkje steikte fuglar fljugande i munnen (bird!)" = Pol. "Pieczone gołąbki nie przydą same do gąbki (pigeons!)" = Slovak "Nech nik nečaká, že mu pečené holuby budú padať do úst (pigeons!)" = Slovene "Pečeni golobje ne lete nobenemu v usta [pigeons!] = Swed. Stekta sparvar flyger inte in i munnen (sparrows!)".
Nixon in China (disambiguation)
! style="background:#B0C4DE;" | Notes
Covers.

Essence Uhura Atkins (born February 7, 1972) is an American actress. She is best known for the roles of Dee Dee Thorne on the UPN sitcom "Half & Half" and as Yvette Henderson on the The WB sitcom "Smart Guy". She has also starred in the TV series "Are We There Yet?" as Suzanne Kingston-Persons. In 2013 and 2014, Atkins has played as Kisha Davis in A Haunted House and A Haunted House 2.
