This strategy may be extended for every group operator formula_5 where the notion of formula_21 is well defined and easily computable. Finally notice this solution might be extended for arrays of dimension two with a similar preprocessing.
With their win over Kent State in the MAC Championship Game on November 30, NIU moved to 12–1, the most regular-season wins in the program's 113-year history. NIU also moved to No. 15 in the final Bowl Championship Series rankings, while Big East champion Louisville was No. 21. Since the MAC is a non-AQ conference, its conference champion must finish 16th or higher and be ranked ahead of at least one AQ conference champion to qualify for a BCS game. As a result, NIU played in the Orange Bowl against Florida State. It was the first major-bowl appearance in school history, as well as the first-ever major-bowl appearance for a MAC team.
Ferrier was promoted to rear-admiral on 31 July 1810 and hoisted his flag aboard the 74-gun , and later in 1811 aboard the 74-gun , both in the North Sea fleet during the blockades of the Dutch coast. He moved from "Defiance" to the 74-gun , and finally to the 74-gun in 1813, serving under Admiral William Young off Flushing.

Biography.

He played high school basketball at Wesleyan School in Norcross, Georgia. He was rated as a 3-star prospect in high school and as the #22 small forward in the nation by Scout.com and given a Scout Grade of 87 on ESPN.com. He was also rated 16th in the state of Georgia by Rivals.com, two spots lower than his teammate and roommate at Clemson, Andre Young.
Unitel S.A. is a private Angolan mobile phone company which was established on 8 March 2001 as a joint-stock company. The company is owned by Portugal Telecom, Angolan state-owned oil company Sonangol and local firms like Geni holding, owned by Isabel dos Santos and her father José Eduardo dos Santos, the Angolan President and Vidatel, each holding 25% of Unitel. Tony Dolton is the Executive Director of Unitel since September 2013.
Abdilatif Abdalla (Mombasa 1946) is a Kenyan writer and politician. 

