The Valencian sociolinguist Rafael Ninyoles i Monllor coined the term "linguistic conflict" by the end of the 1960s for referring to certain diglossic situations, such as the Valencian one. In his late works, he described the process of the ongoing substitution of Valencian by Castilian by social elites and the resulting loss of prestige of the vernacular language.
The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism is a book written by philosopher Michael Novak and published by Simon and Schuster in 1982. Irving Kristol described it as “unquestionably a major work for our times.”
Jorge Beauchef (1787 in Velay, France - June 10, 1840 in Santiago, Chile) was a French military who participated in the Napoleonic Wars and later on in the Chilean Independence War. 
The highest transfer fee received for a Reading player is the £7 million 1899 Hoffenheim paid for Gylfi Sigurdsson on 31 August 2010. The most expensive player Reading have ever bought was Emerse Fae, who cost £2.5m from Nantes on 2 August 2007.

The Makoa speak a dialect of the Malagasy language, which is a branch of the Malayo-Polynesian language group derived from the Barito languages, spoken in southern Borneo. Historically they spoke Emakhuwa, the language spoken in northern Mozambique; church hymns and portions of the Bible were translated to Emakhuwa by Makoa Lutheran converts. There are several known Emakhuwa language documents written by Makoa in Madagascar that were carefully preserved by family and community members. Today, no living Makoa in Madagascar continue to speak this language as their mother tongue. 

Venezuela has qualified two male and one female pentathletes.
Specialized Aviation Service Operations (SASO) are defined by the Federal Aviation Administration as single-service providers or special Fixed Based Operators performing less than full services. These types of companies differ from a full-service FBO in that they typically offer only a specialized aeronautical service such as aircraft sales, flight training, aircraft maintenance, or avionics services for example.
The document consists of a single large bound volume, written on vellum, and its principal purpose is to establish Tropenell's title to his manors and other estates, copying out a large number of deeds, charters, and other documents, most of which would otherwise have been lost to posterity. Unusually, the volume is still kept at Great Chalfield Manor, where it was created, its ownership having descended with the house through the centuries.
Celestino suffered top division relegation with Estrela in the following season, due to irregularities. He met the same fate with his following club, C.F. Os Belenenses, but only due to sporting factors this time.
List of RPM number-one country singles of 1981
Dubhchobhlaigh Bean Ua hEaghra, aka Dubhchobhlaigh Ní Conchobair, Queen of Luighne Connacht, died 1131.
<doc id="29801708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29801708" title="NGC 6503">
Awards.
The village is located right next to the city of Ivano-Frankivsk bordering it at the northern side. The village is located at the confluence of three local rivers Bystrytsia of Nadvirna, Bystrytsia of Solotvyn, and Vorona. Another important geographical feature in the vicinity is the Vovchynets Mount. The mount covers an area of . The rivers serve as a natural border for the village at all directions except of southern. Westward of the village across the Bystrytsia of Solotvyn are located villages of Uhryniv and Kluziv, eastward across Bystrytsia of Nadvirna and Vorona - Pidluzhia. A little further to the north is located a village of Kolodiivka. All of the surrounding villages are part of the Tysmenytsia Raion that surrounds the Ivano-Frankivsk municipality, to which belongs Vovchynets. Until 1952 Vovchynets used border other villages of Knyahynyn and Pasichna that eventually were incorporated into Ivano-Frankivsk.
Most members of the Faculty are involved in the coordination of clinical trials of new medicines, vaccines and medical devices. The majority are employed by pharmaceutical companies, but many act as independent medical consultants or work for regulatory agencies such as the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) or European Medicines Agency (EMA).
Morgan's sons were also famous Indian fighters in the territory and one of them, Peletiah, was killed by the Indians in battle in 1675. Miles appears in the records as a selectman, constable, surveyor, fence viewer, and overseer of highways. He was also appointed to sit in the balcony of the church during services and maintain order among the young men in the congregation. ("...up in ye gallery, to give a check to disorders in youth and young men in tyme of God's worship"). Given the piety of the early settlers this was a position of some honor and also attests to his force of personality. Not all their time was spent in church, however. According to the records, in 1673 Hannah Merrick, unmarried daughter of Thomas Merrick, accused Miles's son Jonathan with the paternity of her child. Miles provided his son's bail and Jonathan fought the charge. The court found him guilty, however, and ordered him to pay two shillings, six pence towards the child's support for four years. Jonathan's second wife eventually got a full confession from Hannah (the records do not indicate how) and Hannah was condemned to pay a fine of seven Pounds or receive twenty lashes as punishment for her perjury. Jonathan, not letting matters lie, then filed a suit charging slander against Hannah's father, but lost. Eight years later Miles was again in trouble over a child. His daughter Lydia worked in the household of the family of Samuel Gaines, who became the father of he r child. Miles filed charges and won his suit and Mr. Gaines was ordered to pay child support.
Management of the system devices is handled by the Cisco UCS Manager software embedded into the 6100/6200 series Fabric Interconnect, which is accessed by the administrator through a common browser such as Internet Explorer or Firefox, or a Command line interface like Windows PowerShell or programmatically through an API. Virtual machines can be moved from one physical chassis to another, applications may be moved between virtual machines, and management may even be conducted remotely from an iPhone using SiMU - Simple iPhone Management of UCS. In addition to the embedded software, administrators may also manage the system from VMware's vSphere.
vtiger CRM installation is done entirely from an HTML/PHP web interface. One can install vtiger CRM 4.X and 5.x on a standard webserver using cPanel provided they have the correct version of PHP and MySQL already installed. Beginning with version 5.x, the vtiger CRM package is available with an optional PHP/MySQL bundled installer. The procedure involves downloading the .tar files from the vtiger CRM website and then using the control panel file manager to upload and untar the source files. Open source program files, extensions, and language packs are available from the vtiger CRM downloads page.
Colonel Richard Owen (bust)




The Terminal Bar was a bar located in Times Square in New York City at 41st Street and 8th Avenue. It had a reputation as one of the roughest bars in the city and was located across from the Port Authority Bus Terminal. Terminal Bar originally had a mainly Irish American clientle but over time evolved into a predominately African American and gay bar.
