2-Butyne can be synthesized by the rearrangement of ethylacetylene in a solution of ethanolic potassium hydroxide.
Transportation.

Morehead ran and lost in a bid for the Nebraska senate seat in 1918 and for governor in 1920. During his tenure, the state deficit was reduced and a workman's compensation law was sanctioned. He was elected to the 68th congress (1923) and reelected five more times. He chaired the Committee on Memorials in the 72nd and 73rd congresses. He didn't stand for reelection in 1934, and returned to farming and sell real estate. He was again a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1940.
"United 93" received numerous awards and nominations from film critics and guilds. Ultimately, the film received two Academy Award nominations, including Best Director, at the 79th Academy Awards and 6 BAFTA nominations, including Best British Film, at the 60th British Academy Film Awards winning two for Best Director and Best Film Editing.
Woodbury University Burbank,
He was also the author of "UFO Theory and Space Civilization: Prospects for 21st Century Science."
In December 1997, she captivated the Mexican public and other countries to lead the Telethon in Mexico for 27 hours non-stop to raise money for care and rehabilitation centers for disabled people. The experience has been repeated year after year to date, being the hostess of the event.
Junjun may refer to:
When Lavelle joined Aerojet-General Corporation, she became director of communications for one subsidiary, Cordova Chemical Co., until 1979, moving to a similar communications position for the largest subsidiary, Aerojet Liquid Rocket Co., in 1979.
Yorkshire fell to fourth in the Championship in 1920; most of the bowling responsibility fell once more on Waddington and Rhodes, and the other bowlers provided little support. Despite a good start to the season, the team faded in the latter part of the year. "Wisden" suggested that "in the circumstances and Waddington did wonders, Waddington having some irresistible days against the weaker counties." He took 141 wickets in the season at an average of 16.79. His best figures came in the two matches against Northamptonshire: in the first game he took 11 wickets, and in the second took 13 wickets for 48 runs, including seven for 18 in the first innings, and a hat-trick. Waddington's season concluded with his selection for the professional "Players" teams in the prestigious Gentlemen v Players match at the Scarborough Festival. He was one of four players from Yorkshire chosen to tour Australia that winter with the MCC. Hodgson suggests that he was chosen as "the discovery of the first post-war period".
In 1974 Brown created an instrumental version of "Soul Power" by having Maceo Parker and Fred Wesley overdub new horn parts onto the rhythm track of the original recording. Sound engineer Bob Both added sound effects at several points to conceal where the original horn track had bled through into the rhythm parts. Titled "Soul Power 74" and credited to "Maceo and the Macks", the new version was released as a two-part single on People Records and charted #20 R&B and #109 Bubbling Under Pop. It also appeared on the album "Us!".
Liverpool.

When grieved, we patient suffer; for, we deem
He became director of the Midland Counties Railway and, on its amalgamation into the Midland Railway, became its deputy chairman, and later its second chairman, following the resignation of George Hudson in 1849.
The 49th Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1991, were held on January 18, 1992.
Woking Borough Council's head offices are located in the town of Woking, just outside the town square in the Civic Offices. 
Esler is a leading figure in the social-scientific interpretation of biblical texts, with an international reputation. He applies ideas and perspectives from disciplines such as social psychology, anthropology and sociology to Old and New Testament texts to gain a better sense of what they meant to their original audiences. He has also published in the areas of New Testament theology and the Bible and the visual arts. He holds a Doctor of Divinity from the University of Oxford, by submitted work (2008), and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (elected 2009).
