"For thousands of years the horse has been mankind's closest ally. The horse made travel and development possible. We tethered, weighted and reigned them. We captured, stabled and trained them.
Due to the cooperative sugar industry allied business like milk cooperatives, fertilizer supply, irrigation systems have flourished. All this together have led to development of rural places form where the sugarcane is drawn to factories in form of improved road network, transportation facilities, medical facilities, Education facilities, Banking etc.

Sailendra Sircar
Sharanlu (, also Romanized as Sharānlū) is a village in Gavdul-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 423, in 101 families. 
Neurocutaneous melanosis is a congenital disorder characterized by the presence of congenital melanocytic nevi on the skin and melanocytic tumors in the leptomeninges of the central nervous system. These lesions may occur in the amygdala, cerebelum, cerebrum, pons, and spinal cord of patients. Although typically asymptomatic, malignancy occurs in the form of leptomeningeal melanoma in over half of patients. Regardless of the presence of malignancy, patients with symptomatic neurocutaneous melanosis generally have a poor prognosis with few treatment options. The pathogenesis of neurocutaneous melanosis is believed to be related to the abnormal postzygotic development of melanoblasts and mutations of the NRAS gene.
Ashan, Iran
Johan Carlsson (golfer)


Gotham is an American crime television series developed by Bruno Heller, based on characters appearing in and published by DC Comics in their Batman franchise, primarily those of Detective James Gordon and Bruce Wayne. The series stars Ben McKenzie as the young Gordon. Heller is the executive producer along with Danny Cannon, who also directed the pilot. "Gotham" received a series order from Fox on May 5, 2014, and premiered on September 22, 2014.
The following year however, the play was rejected by the Birmingham Repertory Theatre. On 28 December 1932 Dann was sent a letter explaining that the play had been rejected for reasons to do with the content.
During his time in command, it wa snot involved in any major battles in 1916, then in 1917 it participated in the First Battle of the Scarpe (9–12 April) and the attack at Monchy-le-Preux (10–11 April) both part of the Battle of Arras.
Michael Maskell
<doc id="40626326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40626326" title="BTG">
Track listing.
Main influences: Friedrich Engels, Antique materialism, Giambattista Vico, Lewis H. Morgan.
