<doc id="2301500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2301500" title="Ling Mengchu">
"Into the Groove" debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number four, on the chart dated July 27, 1985. It reached the top of the chart and stayed there for four weeks, and was present for a total of 14 weeks on the chart. The song was Madonna's first number-one single in United Kingdom. During its stay at number-one, Madonna's first UK hit "Holiday" was at number-two position. It made her the first female artist in UK chart history to hold the top-two positions of the chart simultaneously. "Into the Groove" was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipment of 500,000 copies of the single. The song was the third biggest selling UK single of 1985, behind Jennifer Rush's "The Power of Love" and Elaine Paige's and Barbara Dickson's "I Know Him So Well". According to the Official Charts Company, the song has sold 870,000 copies there. In Australia, "Into the Groove" charted as a combined single with "Angel" and reached the top of the Kent Music Report chart. It was the second-highest selling single of 1985 in Australia. Across Europe and Oceania, the song was able to reach the top of the charts in Belgium, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand and Spain, and inside the top five in France, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and European Hot 100 Singles chart.
The jouhikko repertory was mostly collected in the field by A. O. Väisänen from 1913 to 1961. The jouhikko was used for playing dance music, and the collected tunes are very short, and were largely improvised. The scale of the jouhikko is only 6 notes, with a constantly sounding drone.
The sect follows a religious text, "The Way of Cross and Dragon", that describes the life of Iscariot, and revises his place in Christianity. The text describes how, born of a prostitute, Iscariot mastered the dark arts to become a tamer of dragons and the ruler of a great empire. After torturing and maiming Christ, Iscariot repented and relinquished his empire to become the penitent Legs of Christ, the first and best-beloved of the Twelve Apostles. Returning from proselytising to find Christ crucified, an enraged Iscariot then destroyed the perpetrating empire and strangled St. Peter for renouncing Christ, only to discover, too late, Christ's Resurrection. Rejecting Judas' violence, Christ restored St. Peter to life and gave him the keys of the kingdom. St. Peter then suppressed the truth about Judas, vilifying his name and exploits. Seeking redemption for his wrath, Iscariot became the thousand-year-old Wandering Ju, before finally rejoining Christ in the Kingdom of God. 
Illinois 162 has 2-lanes except around the Granite City Steel area and briefly at I-55/70. It is a main east–west artery between Interstate 55 on the south, and Interstate 270 on the north.
1960: First spring turkey season (April 27–29) in 35 years.
The 94th Dublin Scout Den is situated on Bunting Road. 
<doc id="2302232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2302232" title="Lobamba">

The requirement that the greatest common divisor (GCD) equal 1 is necessary in order for the Frobenius number to exist. If the GCD were not 1, every integer that is not a multiple of the GCD would be inexpressible as a linear, let alone conical, combination of the set, and therefore there would not be a largest such number. For example, if you had two types of coins valued at 4 cents and 6 cents, the GCD would equal 2, and there would be no way to combine any number of such coins to produce a sum which was an odd number. On the other hand, whenever the GCD equals 1, the set of integers that cannot be expressed as a conical combination of { "a"1, "a"2, ..., "a""n" } is bounded according to Schur's theorem, and therefore the Frobenius number exists.
Danielle Spencer (born 16 May 1969) is an Australian actress and a singer/songwriter.
"Reckless" was released on February 12, 2013. This is Camp's first studio album since 2008, when he released Speaking Louder Than Before. The first single released from the album was the title track "Reckless", and a video accompanied the single in February 2013. "Reckless" was followed by his second single "My God", which reached number 5 on the Christian Songs Chart. He also released an acoustic video of "My God" to his VEVO Channel in 2013.
The song was also featured on Byrne's 2007 live album "Live from Austin, Texas". In that film, he explains that the song is about trying to love human beings despite their failings, by taking a "Martian's perspective" on humanity and trying to accept them for what they are.
