William Moultrie
The Constitution can only be amended by referendum. A proposal to amend the Constitution is introduced into Dáil Éireann (the lower house of parliament) as a bill and if passed by the Dáil, and passed or deemed to have been passed by the Senate (the upper house), is put to the people. Only Irish citizens resident in the state may vote. There is no threshold for such referendums and a simple majority of voters is sufficient for a proposal to be passed. Once passed by the people the President signs the referendum bill into law. As of November 2011, there have been 33 such referendums: 23 of which were approved by the people and 10 of which were rejected. The constitution was also amended twice during an initial transitional period of three years following the election of the first President of Ireland, when amendments could be made without recourse to the people.
Dagö was formed in 1998 by Lauri Saatpalu, Peeter Rebane and Tiit Kikas. Dagö is the old name of Hiiumaa, an Estonian island. The band's first album, "Dagö", was released in 2000, and received the Folk/Ethno Album Of The Year award in Estonia. Toomas Rull (drums) and Raul Vaigla (bass) joined the band soon after. In 2001, Dagö won first prize in the "Midsummer Night’s Improvisational Festival" in Pärnu. Tiit Kikas left the group in 2002, and producer and musician Kristo Kotkas became the “invisible member” of the band. The second album, "Toiduklubi (Food Club)", was released in the same year, and Taavi Kerikmäe, a keyboard player, joined the band soon after. Their third album, "Hiired Tuules (Mice in the Wind)", was released in 2003, and in the same year drummer Petteri Hasa also joined the band. The fourth album, "Joonistatud mees (The Picture Perfect Man)", was released in 2006. Also in 2006, the band were awarded the folk rock "Group Of The Year award" in Estonia. The fifth album, "Möödakarvapai (Smoothing Caress)", was released in 2008, and soon after, the band announced that they were disbanding. In autumn 2010 the band started recording again, with new members, and in March 2011 they released their sixth studio album, "Plaan Delta".
USS Dolphin (SS-169)
Geography.
At Kanchanaburi, there is a memorial and two museums to commemorate the dead. In March 2003, the Thailand-Burma Railway Museum opened and the JEATH War Museum dedicated to the bridge and the Death Railway. The city is also home to the Kanchanaburi War Cemetery. 
The mission of the Optical Society is to promote the generation, dissemination, application, and archiving of knowledge in optics and photonics. The purposes of the Society are scientific, technical, and educational.
Adsorbents.
Ted Parker (Kennedy), the club president is forced to resign following an assault on a stripper. The incident could have been kept quiet but for backstabbing from various board members, especially Jock (Frank Wilson) and Gerry (Alan Cassell).
Brazilian Integralism.
Robinson was 6 ft. 8 in. when he was admitted to the Naval Academy, two inches above the height limit, but received a waiver from the Superintendent of the Academy. Robinson considered leaving the academy after his second year, before incurring an obligation to serve in active duty. He decided to stay after discussing with the Superintendent the likelihood that his height would prevent serving at sea as an unrestricted line officer, hurting his naval career, and might make it impossible for him to be commissioned at all. As a compromise, Secretary of the Navy John Lehman allowed Robinson to train for and receive his commission as a staff officer in the Civil Engineer Corps community. As a result, Robinson was commissioned in the Naval Reserves and only had to serve an initial active-duty obligation for two years. After graduating from the Naval Academy, Robinson became a civil engineering officer at the Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay in Georgia. He was regularly featured in recruiting materials for the service. Despite the nickname "Admiral", Robinson's actual rank upon fulfilling his service commitment was Lieutenant, Junior Grade.
A theme used in many stories is based on the Riverdale High rules that failing students are not allowed to participate in extracurricular activities. At such times, Moose has to pass a makeup test, and proves to have difficulty studying. Coach Kleats and Moose's teammates depend on Moose to help them win most of their games. Moose can always depend on a friend to tutor him, and he almost always passes the makeup test. However, sometimes their efforts backfire, and they do not win the game even if he did pass.
Each town or city had one or more tutelary deities, whose protection was considered particularly vital in time of war and siege. Rome itself was protected by a goddess whose name was to be kept ritually secret on pain of death (for a supposed case, see Quintus Valerius Soranus). The Capitoline Triad of Juno, Jupiter, and Minerva were also tutelaries of Rome. The Italic towns had their own tutelary deities. Juno often had this function, as at the Latin town of Lanuvium and the Etruscan city of Veii, and was often housed in an especially grand temple on the "arx" (citadel) or other prominent or central location. The tutelary deity of Praeneste was Fortuna, whose oracle was renowned.
The Temple is governed by the Parliament, an executive council made up of the elected Benchers. The Parliament is led by the Treasurer, who is elected annually to serve a one-year term; the current Treasurer is Simon Thorley QC and the immediate past Treasurer is Jonathan Hirst QC. The Temple also has a Reader, who traditionally holds the position for a year before being made the Treasurer; the current Reader is Lord Justice Tomlinson.
<doc id="207924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=207924" title="President Bush">
<doc id="207965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=207965" title="Multiface">
Fuji Photo Film Co., Ltd. was established in 1934 with the aim of being the first Japanese producer of photographic films. Over the following 10 years, the company produced photographic films, motion-picture films and X-ray films. In the 1940s, Fuji Photo entered the optical glasses, lenses and equipment markets. After the Second World War, Fuji Photo diversified, penetrating the medical (X-ray diagnosis), printing, electronic imaging and magnetic materials fields. In 1962, Fuji Photo and U.K.-based Rank Xerox Limited (now Xerox Limited) launched Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. through a joint venture.
Both volumes start out with an introduction and compare the original comic story with its "DuckTales" episode counterpart. Volume 1 also includes a two-page article delving into details on the adapting the show from the comic series.
In many parliamentary democracies, strict time limits exist as to the proposing of a no confidence motion, with a vote only allowed once every three, four or six months. Thus knowing when to use a motion of no confidence is a matter of political judgement; using a motion of no confidence on a relatively trivial matter may prove counterproductive to its proposer if a more important issue suddenly arises which warrants a motion of no confidence, because a motion cannot be proposed if one had been voted on recently and cannot be proposed again for a number of months. Sometimes, the government will choose to declare that one of its bills is a "motion of confidence" in order to prevent dissident members of parliament from voting against it.
As a lucky or unlucky number.
Burgundian and Habsburg Netherlands.
