
He remained in the series for with the same team in 2013. He improved to the 19th in the standings, but still had just two point-scoring finishes.
Stanley K. Bernstein

The play drive mediates the demands of the sense and the form drive. "The sense drive demands that there shall be change and that time shall have a content; the form drive demands that time shall be annulled and that there shall be no change. That drive, therefore, in which both others work in concert is the play drive, reconciling becoming with absolute being and change with identity". For the play drive to successfully mediate the two drives, man must be educated of two things. He must learn passivity, to exercise his sense drive and become receptive of the world. He must learn activity, to free his reason, as much as possible from the receptive. Accomplishing both, man is able to have a twofold experience simultaneously, "in which he were to be at once conscious of his freedom and sensible of his existence, were at one and the same time, to feel himself matter and come to know himself as mind". Therefore, by maximizing the constraint of the absolute and the contingency of the material, the play drive negates the demands of both drives and sets man free both physically and morally. To exist in this paradoxical state, would mean to have a "complete intuition of his human nature". Furthermore, "the object that afforded him this vision would become for him the symbol of his accomplished destiny" and this would serve him as a finite embodiment of the infinite. Schiller names this object of the play drive 'living form'.
Many genes are altered genetically and epigenetically in cancers, which is one of the reasons cancer is so hard to combat. INK4A and PTEN are two genes that are in both Tables 1 and 2 above, as they are both epigenetically and genetically mutated in melanoma cases. This is not uncommon, as cells need multiple changes to the genome to initiate a change as large as cancer. The epigenetic side of cancer research is growing and uncovering many overlaps like in the cases of INK4A and PTEN, giving a larger, more accurate image of cancer and melanoma. The complexity and variability of cancer epigenetics makes this a growing and important field. Since epigenetic modifications are able to be reversed, this makes them a target for therapeutics and part of the future of cancer combat, and specifically melanoma, due to its deadliness and difficulty to catch. The genes listed above are only the beginning of a long list of available treatment areas that could potentially reverse or prevent melanoma if detected early.
