
<doc id="22015401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22015401" title="Byrd Field">
Lee Morgan Sextet
In May, 2000, the group released its debut album, "Million Dolla Broke Niggaz", which contained tracks that dated back as far as 1994. The album spawned two popular songs, "Niggaz" and "Tired of Talking," both of which were nominated for song of the year by The Pitch. These and other songs showcased a much harder sound than the previous DVS Mindz recordings, surprising some of the group’s long-time fans. The group was also singled out by members of the local rap-music elite, who claimed that DVS Mindz was posturing and boring. Kansas City music writer JJ Hensley noted that “There are two schools of thought on the Mindz: those who think DVS Mindz is the area's tightest rap group and those who think their rhymes are unoriginal and their beats add nothing to the songs. There's some merit to both arguments."
In 2008, he made his musical debut in "Grease", playing the lead role, 'Danny Park', that the group had to stop their group activities for a short period of time. In 2009-2010, SS501 released "All My Love", "Solo Collection", "Rebirth", and "Destination" consecutively before their contracts ended. In the meantime, he starred in his first acting career as a main lead entitled "Human Theater 2010", playing himself as the main character in 2010.

<doc id="22017615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22017615" title="Useware">
In a review of "The Mind of Adolf Hitler" for "The Psychoanalytic Quarterly", Martin Waugh concluded that Langer's work is important "because of its value to the historian; because it was a 'first' for this country's intelligence services; and because of the official recognition of psychoanalysis the assignment implied." Historian Gatzke agrees that the original document is of historical interest, but not more due to the unreliability of its descriptions of the evidence and of its interpretations. Regarding the earlier Murray report which fed into the Langer report, psychiatrist Michael Stone states "There's a whole lot of what we would now think of as psychobabble...", including discredited psychoanalytic theories and psychiatric labels used in different ways to today. The dust jacket of the 1972 publication states: "What effect did this astounding secret document have on Allied war policy? That is not yet known. But in the words of Robert G.L. Waite, the distinguished historian wrote the afterword, Dr. Langer’s The Mind of Adolf Hitler is, in itself, “fascinating…a significant and suggestive interpretation which no serious student of Hitler will ignore.”.
Aribert Ferdinand Heim (28 June 1914 – 10 August 1992) was an Austrian SS doctor, also known as Dr. Death. As an SS doctor in a Nazi concentration camp in Mauthausen, he was accused of killing and torturing many inmates by various methods, such as direct injections of toxic compounds into the hearts of his victims. He lived for many years in Cairo, Egypt under the alias of Tarek Farid Hussein and died there on 10 August 1992. In 2009, a BBC documentary stated that German police had found no evidence of Heim's death on their recent visit to Cairo; however, three years later, a court in Baden-Baden confirmed that Heim had died in 1992, based on evidence provided by his family and lawyer.
Royal Navy career.


The SBI originally classified the fire as an accident, saying it begin in a storage room on the jail's ground floor when cardboard boxes stacked against a heater ignited creating heavy smoke that quickly spread through the two-story brick and wood building.
Mercia Sound produced two cassette recordings of their coverage of the semi-final, v. Leeds United at Hillsborough, and of the Final. Both sold out and many have been kept as momentos by Coventry City supporters.
Social translucence represents a tool for transparency, which function is to
