As with many medieval composers, there is some confusion as to Alanus's identity. For the composer represented in the Old Hall Manuscript, who has sometimes been conflated with Johannes Alanus, see Aleyn. The composer of "Sub Arturo plebs", is identified as Jo.Alani and referring to J.Alani Minimus. He has been identified with Dominus Johannes Aleyn (or John Aleyn), who was a chaplain for the chapel of Edward III of England and later Canon of St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle from 1362 until his death in 1373. He received many other favors which indicate royal patronage, probably from Queen Philippa of Hainault.
VaxGen's leadership enthusiastically applied to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for permission to undertake Phase III studies in the U. S. on large numbers of at-risk volunteers. But since some of the Phase I and Phase II volunteers had become infected with HIV while taking the vaccine, showing that the vaccine was not 100% effective, and it was not proven that the vaccine itself hadn't caused these infections, the FDA and other members of the medical community hesitated and finally declined to approve Phase III testing "until more was learned about HIV immunity", despite the fact that early versions of successful vaccines have rarely been 100% effective, and even the 1955 Salk polio vaccine was only 70% effective, superseded as it was seven years later by the Sabin vaccine. With human lives at stake, however, the FDA could not risk condoning further trials until it knew what had caused the infections.
Chrysalis
<doc id="9979111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9979111" title="Human platelet antigen">
Kothavade RJ, Dhurat RS, Mishra SN, Kothavade UR. (2012) Clinical and laboratory aspects of the diagnosis and management of cutaneous and subcutaneous infections caused by rapidly growing mycobacteria.Eur J Clin Microbiol Infect Dis. 2012 Nov 9. ahead of print
The Hathigumpha inscription ("Elephant Cave" inscription) from Udayagiri near Bhubaneshwar in Orissa was written by Kharavela, the king of Kalinga in India during the 2nd century BCE. The Hathigumpha inscription consists of seventeen lines incised in deep cut Brahmi letters on the overhanging brow of a natural cavern called Hathigumpha on the southern side of the Udayagiri hill near Bhubaneswar in Orissa. It faces straight toward the rock Edicts of Asoka at Dhauli located about six miles away.

The Ravens hosted their arch-enemy in Week 1 of the 2011 season. On a hot, humid day in M&T Bank Stadium, crowd noise and multiple Steelers mistakes allowed Baltimore to crush them with 3 TDs 35–7. The frustrated Pittsburgh players also committed several costly penalties. Thus, the Ravens had gained their first ever victory over the Steelers with Ben Roethlisberger playing and avenged themselves of repeated regular and postseason losses in the series.
<doc id="9981094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9981094" title="Minister for Infrastructure (Sweden)">
Bayside Marketplace is a festival marketplace in Downtown Miami, Florida. It is located between the Bayfront Park to the south end, and the American Airlines Arena to the north. As Bayside's name suggests, it wraps along the banks of the Biscayne Bay.
The festival was the site of a major stampede at the 2010 event, as well as having five rowers drown in 2008 and a single rower drown in 2009 during the boat races.
Although the editorial staff is only small, it prepares a dossier on a particular theme each month. Subjects that have already been treated include: the mobility of the inhabitants of Réunion beyond their island, their relationships to their bodies, and their driving habits.
Godson is author of "Himself Alone: David Trimble and the Ordeal of Unionism" (Harper Collins, 2004) which was short listed for the Christopher Ewart-Biggs Memorial Prize. Andrew Marr called it "a great act of political reporting – instant history, if you like – about the drama of Northern Ireland's search for peace".

Amos Stoddard (October 26, 1762 – May 11, 1813) was a career United States Army officer who served in both the War of 1812, in which he was mortally wounded. He served as the first American commandant of Upper Louisiana after the Louisiana Purchase.
Los Angeles era (1982–1994).

North Central High School (Spokane, Washington)
History.
Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 movie "For Love of the Game", starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston. 
