Malashri Plays a CCB officer who cracks down the wrong people.

The Department of Housing and Regional Development was an Australian government department that existed between March 1994 and March 1996.
 
At the end of December 2012 he came down with severe pneumonia, and was rushed to Ma'ayanei Hayeshuah Hospital in Bnei Brak on the morning of January 1, 2013 (19 Tevet 5773), where he died. His funeral, which set out from the Sadigura "beis medrash" in Bnei Brak in the early afternoon, was attended by the Rebbes of Boyan, Bohush, Kapishnitz, Vasloi, Ger, Vizhnitz, Toldos Abraham Yitzchak, and Sanz, as well as Litvishe gedolim. In keeping with tradition, no eulogies were said at this funeral of a Rebbe, but his will was read, naming his only son, Rabbi Tzvi Yisrael Moshe Friedman, av beis din of the Sadigura rabbinical court in London, as his successor. He was buried beside his father in the Ruzhiner section of the Nahalat Yitzhak Cemetery in Tel Aviv.

Notes.
Inape semuncus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Peru.
The Apostolic Nunciature to Sri Lanka is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Sri Lanka, with the rank of ambassador. The nuncio serves both as the ambassador of the Pope (as head of state of Vatican City) to the President of Sri Lanka, and as delegate and point-of-contact between the Catholic hierarchy in Sri Lanka and the Pope (as head of the church).
All-events scores are compiled by totaling series scores from the singles, doubles, trios and team competitions.
Saturday December 18, 2011 was the premier for Defy in Orlando at the Beacham Theater. The Film was sponsored by Transworld Wakeboading, Fox, Nautique boats, TIge boats, and System 2.0
The hippocampus is a brain region which has many interconnected subregions, with each region having its own distinct neuron populations playing an important role in encoding memory. Many studies showed that Alzheimer's disease ameliorates memory by first acting on the entorhinal cortex (EC) which is the region providing the main input conduit from the external sensors to the hippocampus. Scientists initially identified memory loss associated with aging as an early manifestation of Alzheimer's; however, more recent evidence suggests that a distinct process affects on Dentate Gyrus (DG), which is a subregion of the hippocampus, and causes memory deterioration. The hippocampal formation is made up of many interconnected subregions and plays an vital role in retaining memory. Each subregion contains a specific population of neurons which have distinct molecular expression and physiological properties. As a result, these regions are vulnerable to various pathogenic mechanisms. Although both Alzheimer's disease (AD) and the normal aging process affect the hippocampus, studies showed that these two processes can be distinguished by two anatomical patterns of hippocampal dysfunctions. Postmorterm studies suggest that the entorhinal cortex (EC) and the subiculum are the hippocampal subregions most effected by AD, whereas the dentate gyrus (DG) is relatively preserved in most cases. In contrast to AD, the normal aging process does not cause cell death or other pathognomonic abnormalities that result in memory loss. Rather, age-related memory loss is characterized by dysfunctioning neurons. These results from MRI and other studies suggest that the primary initial target of normal aging is the DG, whereas the EC is relatively preserved.
The species name refers to the curvature of the transtilla and is derived from Latin "arcuatus" (meaning arched).
