For 3 years in the early 2000s, much like its radio counterpart Radio New Zealand and ABC TV in Australia, TVNZ became a fully public service network. This was abolished under new TVNZ management in 2005. In 2008 New Zealand Labour Party-led government announced to TVNZ stuff they must strive to become "more public-service" like. TVNZ obeyed by launching two commercial free channels; TVNZ 6 and TVNZ 7. By 2011 New Zealand prime minister John Key announced the closure of these channels. 6 in 2011, and 7 in mid-2012, with much of their content put into TVNZ Heartland and TVNZ Kidzone24 which are only available behind a SKY TV paywall. Prior to the 21st century TVNZ was seen as a public service, as it was originally designed to be. TVNZ still holds public service responsibilities — albeit much diminished — broadcasting such shows, mainly on TV One, in the late hours of the night, and on Sunday mornings. New Zealanders have campaigned for a stronger public service system, like that of the one in the United Kingdom, where all networks are permitted to be public service.
Mer de Noms (French for ""sea of names"") is the debut album by American rock band A Perfect Circle. The album was released under Compact Disc format on May 23, 2000. It was certified platinum by the RIAA on October 31, 2000. The album entered the "Billboard" 200 at No. 4, making it the highest ever "Billboard" 200 debut for a rock band's first album. It sold over 188,000 copies in the first week, and stayed on the charts for 51 consecutive weeks. The album peaked at No. 27 on the "Billboard" Top Pop Catalog Albums on October 4, 2003, three years after the album's release. "Mer de Noms" has since been released on vinyl record format.
Eric Newell (Theta Chapter) - Former Chairman and CEO of the oil company Syncrude. Chancellor of the University of Alberta.

The 2008 average actual production for all USA Holstein herds that were enrolled in production-testing programs and eligible for genetic evaluations was of milk, of butterfat and of protein per year. Total lifetime productivity can be inferred from the average lifetime of US cows. This has been decreasing regularly in recent years and now stands at around 2.75 lactations, which when multiplied by average lactation yield above gives around of milk.
Willuna is also home to VMW, a marine weather transmitter operated by the Bureau of Meteorology.
Suids have a well-developed sense of hearing, and are vocal animals, communicating with a series of grunts, squeals, and similar sounds. They also have an acute sense of smell. Many species are omnivorous, eating grass, leaves, roots, insects, worms, and even frogs or mice. Other species are more selective and purely herbivorous.
The largest religious community in Târgu Mureș is Romanian Orthodox, numbering 46.74% of the population. The most significant other religious communities are Reformed Church (30.06%), Roman Catholic (13.50%), Eastern Catholic (2.60%), and Unitarian (2.58%).
London Buses routes 18; 27; 30, 88; 205; 453; C2 and night route N18 serve the station.
Harris has appeared in television and film since she was nine, including a starring role on the remake of the science fiction series "The Tomorrow People". In November 2002, she starred in Danny Boyle's post-apocalyptic film "28 Days Later". In the same year, she starred in the television adaptation of Zadie Smith's "White Teeth".
Plot Introduction.
Directors Emeritus of the company are: 
An inscribed altar stone found at Chapel Ia, Troon (now set in the altar of the parish church), and dated to the tenth or eleventh centuries, attests to the existence of a settlement then. The chapel of St Ia was recorded in 1429 and a holy well was nearby. The site was called Fenton-ear (i.e. the well of Ia). The stone is very similar to one now in the garden at Pendarves, used as the base for a sundial.
<doc id="370368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=370368" title="Morden tube station">
Because of general dissatisfaction with the empirical approach, including difficulties in determining causality and capturing country-specific factors, attention turned to the analysis of how changes in the income distribution affected the growth rate in subsequent time period (usually five years) in a large group of countries. Forbes (2000) found that an increase in inequality tends to raise growth during the subsequent period. This literature did not go too far as Banerjee and Duflo (2003) found a complex relationship between inequality and growth, in which changes in inequality in either direction lowered growth subsequently. They interpreted this finding as supporting the notion that redistribution hurts growth, at least over the short- to medium-run, but also cautioned about interpreting income distribution-economic growth analysis of this type.
London and the 1960s.
Armament.
More complex systems use a variety of sensors. Inductive sensors embedded in the road surface can determine the gaps between vehicles, to provide basic information on the presence of a vehicle. Treadles permit counting the number of axles as a vehicle passes over them and, with offset-treadle installations, also detect dual-tire vehicles. Light-curtain laser profilers record the shape of the vehicle, which can help distinguish trucks and trailers.
Slogan of the city.
When divided by palewise and fesswise lines into a chequered pattern, the field is "chequy". Croatia is widely known by its chequy coat-of-arms. The arms of "Bleichröder, banker to Bismarck," show chequy "fimbriated" (the "chequers" being divided by thin lines). The arms of the 85th Air Division (Defense) of the United States Air Force show "a checky grid" on part of the field, though this is to be distinguished from "chequy". The number of chequers is generally indeterminate, though the fess in the arms of Robert Stewart, Lord of Lorn, they are blazoned as being "of four tracts" (in four horizontal rows); and in arms of Toledo, fifteen chequers are specified. The number of vertical rows can also be specified. When a bend or bend sinister, or one of their diminutives, is chequy, the chequers follow the direction of the bend unless otherwise specified. James Parker cites the French term "equipolle" to mean chequy of nine, though mentions that this is identical to a "cross quarter-pierced" (strangely, this is blazoned as "a Latin square chequy of nine" in the arms of the Statistical Society of Canada). He also gives the arms of Prospect as an unusual example of chequy, "Chequy in perspective argent and sable"; this must be distinguished from cubes as a charge. Chequy is not "fanciable"; that is, the lines of chequy cannot be modified by lines of partition.
Etymology.

Summary of results.
After the death of his Mieszko's brother Bolesław IV the Curly in 1173, he also became High Duke of Poland according to the principle of agnatic seniority as laid down in Bolesław's testament. However, he soon had to face a rebellion at Kraków instigated by Lesser Polish magnates led by his younger brother Casimir II the Just with the support of Mieszko's own son Odon fearing for his heritage. Casimir assumed the high ducal title, while in 1179 Odon even expelled his father from the Greater Polish lands. Mieszko fled to the Duchy of Pomerania at the court of Duke Bogislaw I, husband of his daughter Anastasia.
Broadcast.
__NOTOC__
One more recent type of speckle interferometry called speckle masking involves calculation of the "bispectrum" or "closure phases" from each of the short exposures. The "average bispectrum" can then be calculated and then inverted to obtain an image. This works particularly well using aperture masks. In this arrangement the telescope aperture is blocked by astronomers apart from a few holes which allow light through, creating a small optical interferometer with better resolving power than the telescope would otherwise have. This aperture masking technique was pioneered by the Cavendish Astrophysics Group.
In Ethiopia, Afar is written with the Ethiopic or Ge'ez script. Since around 1849, the Latin script has been used in other areas to transcribe the language. Additionally, Afar is also transcribed using the Arabic script.
State authority.

Málaga.
Four years passed between the first and second Oz books (1900-4), and three between the second and third (1904-7). By 1907, however, it was clear to Baum and to his publisher, Reilly & Britton, that the Oz books were more popular and sold better than any of Baum's other works. After 1907's "Ozma of Oz," Baum devoted more of his energies to Oz. A 1906 contract between Baum and his publisher called for new Oz books at two-year intervals between 1907 and 1911.
In truth, it was never close to that. The date, 23 June 1985, is not seared into the nation's soul. The events of that day snuffed out hundreds of innocent lives and altered the destinies of thousands more, but it neither shook the foundations of government, nor transformed its policies. It was not, in the main, even officially acknowledged as an act of terrorism.
History.

Technology.
Legacy.
Differentiating with respect to formula_46 we get the dimensionless heat capacity:
<doc id="372021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=372021" title="1982 in Canada">


Åland does not only have its own Government of Åland ("Ålands Landskapsregering"), there is also a Åland State Provincial Office ("Länsstyrelsen på Åland"), led by a governor, Peter Lindbäck.
