
The police were informed of the hijacking at 16:55 and immediately scrambled troops to Bulltofta to deal with the situation. Organized by the police superintendent of duty in Malmö, a low-profile police action was ordered, where no police officer should attempt any offensive action without prior orders. Minister of Justice Lennart Geijer was alerted at 18:20. He was vacationing at his cabin in Ystad Municipality, located only kilometers from the airport, and was able to quickly arrive at the scene. Once briefed, he called a cabinet conference by alerting Prime Minister Olof Palme. Meanwhile the National Police Board dispatched several of its members to the airport. Its leader, Carl Persson, joined the crisis cabinet. They decided to avoid use of force and instead attempt to tire out the hijackers through the extending negotiations.
Historical Significance.
Michael Craig (footballer)
This type of attitude change would blossom into a counter attitude involving self-persuasion. In theory, when trying to self persuade, the counter attitude affects one's mind can have on self-persuasion, could be related to the counter affects within the body.
The following chart contains the names of the iconic singers that the celebrities imitated every week.
Intercalated Games.
The 2014 Radio Disney Music Awards were held on April 26, 2014, at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles, California. The ceremony was edited and aired on April 27, 2014 on Radio Disney and Disney Channel.
Paramorpha is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
Rock formations in the southernmost reaches of the watershed of Sechler Run include the Trimmers Rock Formation and the Hamilton Group. Further north in the watershed are the Bloomsburg and Mifflintown Formation undivided, the Wills Creek Formation, the Onondaga/Old Port Formation, and the Keyser and Tonoloway Formation Undivided. The Clinton Group is found yet further north in the watershed.
Punaana

He retired due to eyesight problems.

Lewis O'Brien (Kaurna Elder)

