<doc id="4660294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4660294" title="Berava (people)">
Lists of English words
Anthony-Maria Browne (1574–1629) was an English peer during the Tudor and Stuart period.
At the 2012 Open Championship, played at Royal Lytham & St Annes Golf Club in Lancashire, England, Johnson finished at even par for the tournament (280), tied for ninth, seven shots behind winner Ernie Els. 
With the help of another shadowy figure known as Julian Guiderone a.k.a. "son of the shepherd boy," who seems to have survived the events recounted in "The Matarese Circle" nearly twenty years ago, they are hatching a new and diabolical plot to plunge the civilised world into total chaos.
On December 29, 2005, Roy led the Huskies to victory over the Arizona State Sun Devils with a college career-high 35 points and became the 31st Washington player to score 1,000 points in a career. The following game he equalled his career-high of 35 points in a double overtime loss to the Arizona Wildcats.

Although she was not proven to be a historical figure, Gozen has impacted much of the warrior class, including many traditional Naginata schools. Her actions in battle also received much attention in the arts plays such as Tomoe no Monogatari and various ukiyo paintings. As time passed, the influence of onna-bugeisha saw its way from paintings to politics.
Established in 1933, the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS) is a non-profit organization of approved medical boards (officially referred to as the "Member Boards" (see below), which represent 24 broad areas of specialty medicine. ABMS is the largest physician-led specialty certification organization in the United States.
History.

Fast currently resides in Greenwich, Connecticut, and Westerly, Rhode Island, and teaches research at the Wurzweiler School of Social Work at Yeshiva University.
Taikyoku (First Cause).
Upon reaching tropical storm intensity, Bob began to curve further northward as opposed to its prior, northeasterly track, due to the presence of a strengthening, upper-level trough to the storm's west. The trough greatly enhanced atmospheric conditions around Bob, allowing for the tropical cyclone to intensify rapidly. At 0000 UTC on July 11, Bob was estimated to have strengthened to hurricane intensity based on additional reconnaissance flight data. This made Bob the first July hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico since Hurricane Debra in 1959. Though the hurricane's maximum sustained winds would hold steady at for approximately the ensuing twelve hours, the storm's barometric pressure would fluctuate before reaching a minimum of 981 mbar (hPa; 28.98 inHg) at 1200 UTC that day; this would be Bob's lowest documented barometric pressure. At around the same time, the hurricane made landfall west of Grand Isle, Louisiana. After moving inland, Bob quickly weakened due to land interaction, and was a mere tropical depression by July 12. However, the resulting depression would maintain its intensity for the next several days. On July 13, the low-pressure area drifted into southern Ohio and afterwards curved eastward. On July 16, Bob's remnants moved into the western Atlantic, where they were subsequently absorbed by another low-pressure area.
Whilst a Knesset Member, Stern served as chairman in two Knesset committees; the Internal Affairs and the Environment Committee, and the State Inspection Committee. He was also chairman of two Knesset lobbies; the Knesset Christian Allies Caucus, and the Knesset Forum on the Middle East. 
Taxonomy.
Signed by the St. Louis Cardinals as an amateur free agent in 1975, Oberkfell made his Major League Baseball debut with the St. Louis Cardinals on August 22, 1977, and appeared in his final game on October 4, 1992. Oberkfell was a member of the 1982 World Series Champion St. Louis Cardinals, hitting .292 in that series. During his stint with the pennant winning San Francisco Giants, the team held an Oberkfellfest in his honor at Candlestick Park.
History.

SSH 7C.
Most of the population () speaks German (838 or 95.0%) as their first language, French is the second most common (16 or 1.8%) and Serbo-Croatian is the third (8 or 0.9%). There are 3 people who speak Italian.
WVUA-FM
Highlights (1980-2007).
The 6th season of MADtv aired from September 23, 2000, to June 23, 2001, with 30 episodes.
