
Visual arts.
Buika's albums and songs have received the following nominations:

His grandfather Kazi Zainul Abedin who was the last of the Kazis of Udgir was one of the earliest officers of the Hyderabad Civil Service and eventually rose up to the rank of a Secretary in the government of the Nizam of Hyderabad State. His father Kazi Abdur Rasheed also followed in the footsteps and joined the Hyderabad Civil Service in 1946, two years before the fall of Hyderabad State to Indian armed forces.
Maw'dud inherited an empire whose entire western half was overrun by the Seljuq Turks and was battling to continue existing. During his reign the further reaches of the Indian conquests and vassal states also broke away. Maw'dud was able to hold on to his Afghan realms and Indus valley territories while stabilizing while pushing north into Central Asia and stabilizing his western front with the Seljuqs.
1942 "Fausse maîtresse (La)" Directed by André Cayatte
Later in the film, as the volcanic activity increases, so does the attraction between David and Linda, and the two eventually fall in love. In their last scene in the movie, he packs Linda and her son off to safety and stays behind for the work that needed to be done on Johnston Ridge, presumably on the day before the eruption. Later that night, he pays a last visit to Harry Truman.
On June 24, 2012, the NTS Works Upturn human-powered helicopter also successfully flew for 10 seconds, climbing to about . NTS Works later donated the aircraft to the California Polytechnic State University which is developing it as the Upturn II.
After spending two seasons with the Belgian side, he returned to Croatia in July 2005 and signed with Slaven Belupo. In June 2007, he returned to Varteks for his third spell with the club.
<doc id="6081671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6081671" title="McDull, the Alumni">
Currently, only the Australian Capital Territory provides same-sex couples with the right to access a civil union. Under the federal laws, these unions are treated as de facto unions. In August 2012, the ACT's Civil Union Bill passed after legal advice demonstrated that the Federal government had removed its ability to legislate for territorial and state same-sex marriage after it defined marriage as only between man and woman in the Marriage Amendment Act 2004. The Civil Union Act 2012 grants many of the same rights to same-sex couples as people married under the Marriage Act. The Act was not challenged by the Gillard federal Government. The Act was to be repealed and civil unions were to be no longer accessible to same-sex couples upon commencement of the Marriage Equality (Same Sex) Act 2013, which (if not struck down by the High Court) would have permanently legalised same-sex marriage in the Territory. Due to the High Court's ruling striking down the ACT's same-sex marriage law as invalid, the repeal of the Civil Unions Act 2012 is of no effect and civil unions can again take place in the ACT.
Oakland A's manager.
Suazo played for Chile in the Copa América 2007, scoring three goals, two in his first match against Ecuador, and one in the quarter final match against Brazil. He finished as CONMEBOL's top scorer of the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification with 10 goals, one ahead Brazilian striker Luís Fabiano.
Notre Dame also has a rivalry with Michigan State University that began in 1897. From 1959 to 2013 the Fighting Irish played Purdue Boilermakers every year without interruption. The next scheduled game is in 2016. The 1966 Notre Dame vs. Michigan State football game is regarded as one of the Games of the Century and is still talked about to this day because of the way it ended - in a 10-10 tie. Since polls began in 1936, this game marked the 10th matchup that paired the #1 ranked team against the #2 team, with Notre Dame having been involved in five of these ten games up to that point. Currently Notre Dame is 46–32–1 vs. Michigan State. However, MSU has won 10 of the last 14 meetings, including a record six straight wins in South Bend from 1997–2007. The Spartans also beat Notre Dame eight straight times between 1955–63 (they did not meet in 1958) under coach Duffy Daugherty. The two teams play for the Megaphone Trophy.
It is reported that the Games featured 22 disciplines. The following sports were explicitly mentioned:
