Two episodes are known to exist – a daytime episode from May 20 featuring Marie Winn's victory over Yaffe Kimball-Slatin (which was subject to the rigging controversy, see above), and the third-to-last nighttime episode from July 29 featuring Connie Hines.

Lutherans believe that the Body and Blood of Christ are "truly and substantially present in, with and under the forms" of consecrated bread and wine (the elements), so that communicants eat and drink both the elements and the true Body and Blood of Christ himself in the Sacrament of the Eucharist whether they are believers or unbelievers. The Lutheran doctrine of the real presence is also known as the sacramental union. This theology was first formally and publicly confessed in the Wittenberg Concord. It has also been called "consubstantiation" but most Lutheran theologians reject the use of this term as it creates confusion with an earlier doctrine of the same name. Some Lutherans do believe in consubstantiation. Lutherans use the term "in, with and under the forms of consecrated bread and wine" and "sacramental union" to distinguish their understanding of the Eucharist from those of the Reformed and other traditions.
A Cem Evi / Cemevi (pronounced and sometimes written as Djemevi) means literally "a house of gathering" in Turkish or more precisely "house of religious ritual called cem" and is a place of fundamental importance for Turkey's Alevi-Bektashiyyah tariqa populations and traditions. According to Presidency of Religious Affairs of Turkey, it is not a place of worship "(due to the fact that Laïcité in Turkey cannot allow by laws any one of those like Imambargah, Khalwatkhana, Mejlis, Musallah or Tekkes except Sunni and Ja'fari-Shi’ite mosques as Muslim worship places)" in the strict sense of the term despite Alevi organizations such as "Hacı Bektaş-ı Veli Anadolu Kültür Vakfı" demands cemevi as places for worshiping to be officially recognized.
<doc id="2720560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2720560" title="Undefined variable">
Frain is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.
