The term "IWD" can refer to a vehicle with any number of wheels. For example, the Mars Rovers are 6-wheel IWD.
Musical style.
681: West Virginia
336 = 24 × 3 × 7, Harshad number, untouchable number, also the number of dimples on an American golf ball.
During the Nazi occupation of France (1940–44), the franc was a satellite currency of the German Reichsmark. 
"Explosive belts" (or vests) are an on-foot version of such attacks.
The Scream of Eagles.
Chart and sales performance.
The audience at a dog show is expected to be participatory and vocal, and often applaud the silkiest, fluffiest or more popular breeds while ignorant of the breed standards. Those who are owners and breeders may cheer for a popular handler or a sympathetic favourite from a particular breeding kennel. But of course the judge is supposed to ignore all attempts to influence the decision.
The Landover site also features Betty Bowers, a fictional central character on the satirical website BettyBowers.com. Betty Bowers is portrayed by voice actor and comedienne Deven Green, appearing both in photographs and numerous satirical videos. According to Bradley's fictional satirical biography of Mrs. Betty Bowers, she proclaims herself "America's Best Christian". Bowers operates several Christian ministries with names like "Bringing Integrity To Christian Homemakers" (B.I.T.C.H.) and "Baptists Are Saving Homosexuals" (B.A.S.H.). She is a member of Landover Baptist Church.
A hard hammerstone would first be used to rough out the shape of the tool from the stone by removing large flakes. These large flakes might be re-used to create tools. The tool maker would work around the circumference of the remaining stone core, removing smaller flakes alternately from each face. The scar created by the removal of the preceding flake would provide a striking platform for the removal of the next. Misjudged blows or flaws in the material used could cause problems, but a skilled toolmaker could overcome them.
The four-laned Natchez-Vidalia Bridge, crossing the Mississippi River, carries Highway 84 into Natchez here it merges with U.S. 61. It then travels 4 miles to the northeast where it reaches the western terminus of US-98 at Washington, where it is paired with US 98 until Bude/Meadville. The road continues east, crossing under I-55 and heads east towards Collins.
The northern part of Dutch New Guinea was occupied by Japanese forces in 1942. Allied forces drove out the Japanese after amphibious landings near Hollandia, from 21 April 1944. The area served as General Douglas MacArthur's headquarters until the conquest of the Philippines in March 1945. Over twenty U.S. bases were established and half a million US personnel moved through the area.
The Crown Estate purchased which were laid out by notable London planner and architect Sir James Pennethorne between 1842 and 1846. A part of the area was known as Bonner Fields, after Bishop Bonner, the last lord of the manor of Stepney. The land had originally been parkland, associated with the Bishop's Palace, but by the mid-1800s had been spoiled by the extraction of gravel, and clay for bricks.
Most models rely on social and communication networks to hold the band together. These social networks range from requiring no more communication than modern primates, to requiring more sophisticated sharing and teaching. At present, no evidence has been found that sharply divides these theories.
In political science, a principle-policy puzzle is a disconnect between support for a principle and support for a policy supporting that principle. 
and can be decided by a PSPACE algorithm. The problem can be shown to be PSPACE-complete by reduction from the acceptance problem for a linear bounded automaton. However, logical implication between dependencies that can be inclusion dependencies or functional dependencies is undecidable by reduction from the word problem for monoids.
The seasons following the Diamonds' return to the Football Conference were marred by instability on and off the pitch. Keith Cousins took over the club in November 2006 and resigned in 2011. He was replaced by Liam Beasant and Gary Calder, the latter of whom himself quit the club just weeks after taking over. Meanwhile five managers (Paul Hart, Tony Godden, Graham Westley, Garry Hill and Justin Edinburgh) took control of the team at different times.
For most people outside Germany, as well as younger Germans, Sütterlin is nearly illegible—much more so than Fraktur printing. Because of their distinctiveness, Sütterlin letters can be used on the blackboard for mathematical symbols which would use Fraktur letters in print. The Sütterlin lower-case d is used in proof-reading for "delete" and stands for Latin deleatur—let it be deleted.
It has become naturalised widely. In some regions (such as the United Kingdom and the Pacific Northwest of North America), this species can be an invasive plant. Its rapid growth, coupled with its evergreen habit and its tolerance of drought and shade, often allow it to out-compete and kill off native plant species. It is spread by birds, through the seeds in their droppings.
Some early buildings that still stand had been erected in Bytown. In 1826, Thomas McKay was contracted to build the commesariat building, now the Bytown Museum. McKay also built Rideau Hall (which has since been expanded), and parts of the Union Bridge connecting LeBreton Flats to Hull. Notre-Dame Cathedral Basilica was also built early on in the developing town. The University of Ottawa had its 1846 origins as a college, and it received its present location in 1856.
The Dalrymple Baronetcy, of Killock, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia in 1698 for James Dalrymple, second son of the first Viscount of Stair. His great-grandson, the fourth Baronet, was a Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland. He married his cousin Elizabeth Macgill, the heir and representative of the Viscounts of Oxfuird (or Oxenfoord). Their son, the aforementioned fifth Baronet, succeeded his kinsman as Earl of Stair in 1840. See above for further history of the baronetcy.
In America, one cent coins are most commonly used in these vending machines, as they are thin, easy to emboss, and are the smallest denomination of American money (most machines charge $.50 in addition to the cent rolled). American cents produced after 1981 have a zinc core, and using them produces elongated coins with zinc streaks. This zinc streaking can be avoided by using pre-1982 coins. Less common are machines that press designs into quarters, dimes, and nickels.

Lazica
Sarcoidosis is a disease of unknown cause characterized by non-necrotizing ("non-caseating") granulomas in multiple organs and body sites, most commonly the lungs and lymph nodes within the chest cavity. Other common sites of involvement include the liver, spleen, skin and eyes. The granulomas of sarcoidosis are similar to the granulomas of tuberculosis and other infectious granulomatous diseases. However, in most cases of sarcoidosis, the granulomas do not contain necrosis and are surrounded by concentric scar tissue (fibrosis). Sarcoid granulomas often contain star-shaped structures termed asteroid bodies or lamellar structures termed Schaumann bodies. However, these structures are not specific for sarcoidosis. Sarcoid granulomas can resolve spontaneously without complications or heal with residual scarring. In the lungs, this scarring can cause a condition known as pulmonary fibrosis that impairs breathing; in the heart, it can lead to rhythm disturbances, heart failure and even death.
The sculpture is featured in the films "For Richer or Poorer" (1997), "Hitch" (2005), "Inside Man" (2006), "The Other Guys" (2010), "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" (2010), and "Arthur" (2011). It also appears in the TV series "My Life as Liz" and "Weeds". A dancer poses in arabesque atop the sculpture in the 2011 Adbusters appeal to "Occupy Wall Street".
As a spokesman on migration, Brown suggested in April 2008 there were too many Asian immigrants in New Zealand, and was described as "absolutely being racist" by Ethnic Affairs Minister Chris Carter, and of using "racial stereotyping of the worst sort" by Alasdair Thompson, chief executive of the Employers and Manufacturers Association. Immigration Minister Clayton Cosgrove pointed out Mr Brown's comments were ironic, given that he was a "native born British chap". His views were also criticised by fellow NZ First MP Dail Jones. 
