Birla Mandir is a Hindu temple for Vithoba located in the vicinity of the Century Rayon Company in Shahad, Ulhasnagar Taluka, Maharashtra, India. It has also served as a shooting location for various Bollywood films like "Tere Naam" Prem Granth, Suhaag (Old),etc. It is on the National Highway 222 (Kalyan-Murbad-Nagar-Nanded-Adilabad) and is just 4 km from Kalyan.Kalyan city.
The earliest known document mentioning the church dates to 1065. According to it, the church was founded in the early 11th century by Gonario I, "giudice" (duke) of Torres and Arborea, who commissioned the work to Pisan masters. The construction continued under his son Barisone I, and was inaugurated by the "giudice" Marianus I of Arborea and archbishop Constantine of Castra in 1080.
Distribution.
The route passes through predominantly agricultural plains. The line is notable for the engineering structures of the Rendsburg High Bridge and the Rendsburg Loop.
<doc id="28221756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28221756" title="Aspy">
Il domestico
According to the Constitution of Estonia () the supreme power of the state is vested in the people. The people exercise their supreme power of the state on the elections of the Riigikogu through citizens who have the right to vote. The supreme judicial power is vested in the Supreme Court or Riigikohus, with nineteen justices. The Chief Justice is appointed by the parliament for nine years on nomination by the president. The official Head of State is the President of Estonia, who gives assent to the laws passed by Riigikogu, also having the right of sending them back and proposing new laws.
Within a year, Sega began the transition from importer to manufacturer, with the release of the Rosen designed submarine simulator game "Periscope". The game at that time sported innovative light and sound effects, eventually becoming quite successful in Japan. It was soon exported to both Europe and the United States, becoming the first arcade game in America to cost 25¢ per play.
Huff depended from Tarquini at the rolling start and kept his lead into the first corner, escaping a first lap crash which caught out several of their rivals. Gené and Coronel retired while Priaulx, Kristian Poulsen and Fredy Barth continued with minor damage. The safety car was brought out while the wreckage was cleared, and on the restart Turkington and Michelisz clashed with the eBay Motors driver losing control and taking out championship leader Muller. Turkington continued while Michelisz retired and Muller returned to the pits for repairs. By now the front four of Huff, Tarquini, Menu and Augusto Farfus had broken away from the rest of the field led by Turkington although Priaulx eventually passed him on the last lap to finish fifth. Huff took the win with Tarquini second and Menu third. Poulsen was the independent winner by finishing eighth after a 30–second penalty was given to O'Young for causing a collision.
