
The southeastern part of the city, historically the headquarters of the large "Haciendas" that produced sugar cane, has for several decades undergone major urban development, consisting principally of single-family dwellings, and has grown almost to the point of joining with the city of Ejido, a bedroom community. Ejido currently extends to within less than of the border of Mérida, and the two cities are linked by a large avenue that goes from the neighborhoods of downtown Mérida to the outskirts of Ejido. At this point, it turns into a highway, running to the city of El Vigía, thereby uniting Mérida's metropolitan area.
Bothriembryon bradshaweri is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bothriembryontidae. This species is endemic to Australia. 
The Japanese Olympic Committee (JOC) nominated Tokyo over Fukuoka as its candidate city to host the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics on August 30, 2006. This is the country's third failure, after two failed attempts for the 1988 and the 2008 Summer Olympics. Recent Olympic Games in Asia as the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, hurt Tokyo's bid. If successful, it would have been the second Olympics hosted in Tokyo, after the 1964 Summer Olympics, and the fourth hosted in Japan, after the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo and the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano.
Bulimulus galapaganus
Pick-Staiger Concert Hall.

This is a list of the extreme points of the Arctic, the points of Arctic lands that are farther to the north than any other location classified by continent and country, latitude and longitude, and distance to the North Pole. The list is sorted from north to south.
<doc id="12651672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12651672" title="Louis Greig">
Our Little Secret (novel)
Rosa Dainelli was an Italian doctor who was working in Ethiopia during World War II, when the British conquered (in 1941) the Italian Empire in the Horn of Africa. She actively participated in sabotage actions against the British Army.
