Public Transportation.
The Pikes Peak Ringers is a community handbell choir based in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The group was established in 1991 by its director, Kevin McChesney, to provide an outlet for advanced ringers and to create performances that showcase the instrument of handbells with the highest quality presentation and musicianship. The group has performed a variety of styles of music – classical, traditional, pop, jazz, new age, contemporary and original – and has developed a unique and influential style of visual as well as musical presentation. In addition to performances throughout the state of Colorado and the western United States, the Pikes Peak Ringers have been the featured group at several national handbell choir events, have been involved with publishers in providing promotional recordings of new releases, and have recorded five studio CDs and produced two performance DVDs.
Then, played four tournaments in Venezuela. In Venezuela F4 played on clay surface, lost to Jhonnatan Medina-Alvarez 2-6, 6-4, 6-7(7) in 1st round. However, in Venezuela F5 played on hard courts, won to Colombian Alejandro González 6-3, 6-4. After that, won to Jhonnatan Medina-Alvarez 7-5, 7-6(5) in 2nd round. Also, defeated Benjamin Dracos 7-5, 6-2 in quarterfinals. Then, lost to David Navarrete 0-6, 4-6 in semifinals. However, lost in first round in the other two Venezuelan tournaments.
Joseph G. Medlicott
People with the surname Spicer include:
Top 10 is 100 percent traceable to the item level and exceeds the Case level traceability recommended by the Produce Traceability Initiative (PTI). The brand makes items sold under the label traceable by assigning each produce item with a unique 14-digit number issued by GS1. When that produce item goes in a case, that case is also assigned a 14-digit number. The brand shares those 14-digit numbers with all of the grower's trading partners. Both the items and the cases have barcodes with the 14-digit numbers and other more specific information encoded into them. These barcodes can be scanned and tracked using the same system that is endorsed by the Produce Traceability Initiative, using software available from numerous specialized software vendors. 
<doc id="24172955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24172955" title="Krško Castle">
Michal Ordoš

<doc id="24174068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24174068" title="CMLL International Gran Prix">
Blair Swannell
The station was opened on 1 June 1855 by the Hereford, Ross and Gloucester Railway four years after line had received parliamentary consent to be constructed.
