Because of its isolation, climate, and location in the productive northeastern Pacific Ocean, Tatoosh Island is home to many nesting seabirds, several marine mammals, and a diverse community of marine plants and animals. Beginning in 1967, Professor Robert T. Paine of the University of Washington and his colleagues have undertaken detailed studies of marine ecology on the island. Consequently it is now one of the most intensively studied field sites in the world. The research has revealed how species are linked to each other through a network of species interactions, and how environmental changes and species extinction are transmitted through the food web. Key ecological concepts explored by this research include keystone species, control by consumers and natural disturbances on ecosystem structure and spatial patterning, species interaction strength, body size-dependent population dynamics, and impacts of environmental changes such as ocean acidification and El Niño events on complex ecosystems.

Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
<doc id="2829168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2829168" title="Scruttons Ltd v Midland Silicones Ltd">
The SCU Leavey School of Business is a private academic institution at Santa Clara University. It is one of the professional schools of Santa Clara University. The School of Business was founded in 1923 and accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business thirty years later. Located in the Silicon Valley.
The first Blu-ray release was a region-free Dutch edition on March 24, 2007.

The newspaper generally has a liberal/centre left bias, unlike the "Yorkshire Post", which has a particularly conservative bias. Despite its title that implies the paper is Yorkshire wide it is a Leeds-based paper, still widely circulated in Bradford, Harrogate, Huddersfield and Wakefield as well.
Richard F. "Digger" Phelps (born July 4, 1941) is a former American college basketball coach, most notably of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball team from 1971 to 1991. Since 1993, he has served as an analyst on ESPN.
As the Sun was notably weaker at the time, the Earth's climate may have relied on methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, to maintain surface temperatures above freezing. The Huronian glaciation occurred at around the time the earth became aerobic, the Great Oxygenation Event. This rise of oxygen resulted in the elimination of methane in the atmosphere, which in turn could have led to decreased temperatures. 
Larvotto is also the name of Monaco's only public beach. "Larvotto Beach" is a vary well travailed tourist spot, and boasts the "Monaco International Fireworks Competition".

Prior to teaching, he was a college football player at the University of Michigan, a pilot and an officer in the U.S. Navy.
Although conceptually simple, this architecture is not conducive to large-scale application development because, inevitably, a great deal of functionality is duplicated in each JSP. Also, the Model 1 architecture unnecessarily ties together the business logic and presentation logic of the application. Combining business logic with presentation logic makes it hard to introduce a new 'view' or access point in an application. For example, in addition to an HTML interface, you might want to include a Wireless Markup Language (WML) interface for wireless access. In this case, using Model 1 will unnecessarily require the duplication of the business logic with each instance of the presentation code.
The Newgrange cursus is a Neolithic monument that constitutes part of the "Brú na Bóinne" complex in Ireland.
Notably, the pamphlet does not devote consideration to the question of whether the Soviet Revolution at its inception was guided by the principles of Socialism from Below or Socialism from Above, although the entire pamphlet is implicitly guided by the moral and political opposition to Stalinism that shaped Draper's life work.
The novel is populated by two species of dragons:
