Economy.
Negative index of refraction and Pendry's perfect lens.
Griffiths-Scott Middle School has a significant athletics focus, with competing sports teams in many district and premier leagues. There is an extensive physical education program, with P.E. happening three times a week for every class, and there are several P.E. and fitness option courses (Outdoor Activity, Winter Activity, Recreation, Fitness, etc.) As well, there are boys and girls' volleyball, basketball, and badminton teams. As well, there is a co-ed wrestling group, and track and field and cross country running participation. The school competes in the Leduc and District Athletics Association.
The "Ten Essential Groups" is an alternative approach to essential gear selection. Items from each group should be chosen depending on the season, geographic location, and trip duration. In 2011, Columbia Sportswear adopted the "Ten Essential Groups" concept for their iOS app "Take Ten to the Greater Outdoors."
Bitmap format

<doc id="3089014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3089014" title="My Deviant Daughter">
Burton W. Chace
<doc id="3089358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3089358" title="Robin Peterson">

Miles J. Stanford (January 4, 1914 – September 21, 1999) was a Christian author best known for his classic collection on spirituality, "The Green Letters", published in 1964.
The Baw Baw Shire Council considered in late 2007 selling a large section of the Erica station site to the caravan park operators currently leasing the site, which would retain only an 18 metre-wide easement for the eventual reconstruction of the station by the Walhalla Goldfields Railway. The in-principle decision was later revoked.

Since "Beyond And Back" never received a traditional wide release, it was able to largely avoid scrutiny from the national media. Sunn Classic Pictures mostly screened its films in smaller towns and non-urban areas. It was also popular at drive-in movie theaters. This approach "avoided the audiences and the critical media in Los Angeles and New York... if the film failed in any single market, negative word of mouth did not spread to the next locale."
John Currey
Peace River C, British Columbia
Data include basic collection and storage information. Lithology, texture, age, principal investigator, province, weathering/metamorphism, glass remarks, and descriptive comments are included for some samples. Links are provided to related data and information at the institutions and at NGDC.
<doc id="3090784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3090784" title="2006 NHL Entry Draft">
The four biggest production studios produced most of the notable films of Philippine cinema during this era. In 1951, the movie "Roberta" of Sampaguita Pictures which featured leading child stars was the hit. LVN Pictures, under the leadership of the Doña Sisang de León, not only specialized in super productions, rural comedies and musicals, but also produced socially-relevant films such as Avellana's "Anak Dalita" (1956), Tony Santos's "Badjao" (1957) and Manuel Silos's "Biyaya ng Lupa" (1959). Sampaguita Pictures mainly produced high-gloss, glamorous pictures such as "Maalaala Mo Kaya" (1954). On the other, hand Premiere Productions released most of the action films of the decade, such as "Sawa sa Lumang Simboryo" (1952), "Salabusab" (1954) and "Huwag Mo Akong Limutin" (1960).
Rockerville is a small unincorporated community in Pennington County in the Black Hills of the U.S. state of South Dakota. Originally established as a mining camp, it was named for the "rockers" which were used to separate placer gold from stream gravel.
Robot-like armies of men made of clay controlled by Scarab. They are very easy to defeat, except that there are so many of them. They shatter easily when hit. They also dissolve in water. They most often look like Egyptians, but can be dressed up as anything, such as construction workers or policemen. Sometimes, if they are broken in half, both halves are still in action.
Peter Asher and Gordon Waller of Peter and Gordon played J-160E guitars, and can be seen in live acts in US during the 2000s.
After spending the winter playing club cricket in England, Willoughby was selected to tour the West Indies with South Africa A, where he played two matches against Barbados and four against West Indies A. He joined Western Province for the 2000–01 season, where he remained until the end of the 2004–05 season, when he joined Cape Cobras.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Winnipeg came to a settlement with the plaintiffs for damages of $6,000,000. This was the highest settlement award for the Crocus Investment Fund of any of the defendants in the class action lawsuits.
Trampoline's second foal, Glencoe (by Sultan), was perhaps her most famous son.
A rare few storms, like Hurricane John, were redesignated as typhoons as its track originated from the Eastern/Central Pacific and moved its way into the western Pacific.
