White-bellied fat-tailed mouse opossums are believed to be able to breed up to three times a year, although most probably only give birth once or twice. The young are born in litters of up to fifteen individuals, typically during the summer months. Unlike some other marsupials, the females do not have a pouch; the teats are variable in both number and arrangement, and may not all be functional at the same time. Individuals have lived up to eighteen months in captivity.
Menzies' echymipera ("Echymipera echinista"), or Menzies' spiny bandicoot or Fly River bandicoot, is a species of marsupial in the Peramelidae family. It is endemic to Papua New Guinea.
David Gebhard
The game starts by asking you to select one of the four player, each with unique stats and weapons. Then you are asked to choose between "Championship" which has you attempt to win 3 races within the time limit, or "Practice" which allows you to practice any stage you want and attempt beat the time record within the alloted time limit. At the start of the race you will have a primary weapon, secondary weapon and level 1 in your Turbo meter.

Old Enough (Nickelback song)
The annual MTV Videos Music Awards Latinoamérica were to be held Wednesday, October 19 at the Xcaret Park's Great Tlachco Theater in Playa del Carmen (close to Cancún), Quintana Roo, Mexico, for the first time in a different location since their creation. However, due to the approach of Hurricane Wilma towards the Mexican Riviera Maya, the show was moved from October 20 to the 19th, but it was eventually postponed. The date was then moved again, this time to December 22.

Water exports involve exporting freshwater from one country to another. Large increases in human population and economic growth throughout the world during the twentieth century placed a huge stress on the world’s freshwater resources. Combined with climate change, they will place an even greater demand on water resources in this century. Water shortages have become an international concern, and freshwater has been described as “blue gold” and “the oil of the 21st Century.”

