<doc id="6738192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6738192" title="Kamienka">

On 29 March 1997, Eranio played his last game for Italy, against Moldova in a 3–0 home win. In total, he received 20 caps, and scored three goals, with six of the appearances in qualifiers for World Cups, and other five in qualification for European Championships.
Quibeibe

Later in 1817, the city held groundbreaking ceremony for Alexander Witberg's Cathedral of Christ the Saviour, a monument to the 1812 War in Sparrow Hills. This project was later canceled and the current Cathedral emerged in the center of Moscow.
Tsat-Mah (Door Woman) was born to Jimmy and Be-ko-be-ah (Took something away) Quoetone (Gui-tone - wolf tail) in Carnegie, Oklahoma during a Sun Dance being held north of town. Her name was changed to Carrie when she attended the Rainy Mountain Boarding School with other Kiowa children. All Native American children were given English names and were taught the English language. Speaking their native language was discouraged, but Carrie was among the few Kiowas who still spoke the language fluently.
At the outset of World War II, Balthasar was "Staffelkapitän" of 1./Jagdgeschwader 1, which was in July 1940 renamed 7./Jagdgeschwader 27. The squadron did not see any action during the 1939 operation "Fall Weiss", as it was tasked with the air defense of Berlin. On 10 May 1940 German forces launched the offensive in Western Europe and it was there Balthasar made his mark. On his first mission, 11 May 1940, he claimed three Belgian Air Force Gloster Gladiator fighters and a French Morane 406. He also recorded 9 victories in two days between 5 and 6 June 1940, which brought his World War II tally to 21. For this achievement, on 14 June 1940, "Hauptmann" Balthasar was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes"), becoming the second Luftwaffe fighter pilot after Werner Mölders, to be so decorated. Ultimately, Balthasar was the most successful German fighter pilot of the French campaign with 23 victories.
"Going Overboard,' Sarah's first book,' was released in hardback on November 1, 2005.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 
According to the Man'yōshū (The Anthology of Ten Thousand Leaves), the first Saiō to serve at Ise was Princess Oku, daughter of Emperor Temmu, during the Asuka period of Japanese history. Mention of the Saiō is also made in the Aoi, Sakaki and Yugao chapters of The Tale of Genji, as well as in the 69th chapter of The Tales of Ise (Ise Monogatari).
The phrase "It's hard for thee to kick against the pricks" is a quote from Acts 26:14, where Saul of Tarsus describes his meeting Jesus while traveling to Damascus. It's a reference to ancient Greek proverb where a kicking ox only injures himself, an illustration of the futility of resisting the Lord.
2002 
3″/50 caliber gun
Abdellah created a typology of twenty-one areas of focus for the nurse. These problems were divided into three classes: physical, sociological and emotional needs of the patient; the types of nurse-patient interpersonal relationships; and common elements of patient care.

The Kōenji area is accessible by the JR Chūō-Sōbu Line (Kōenji Station) and the Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line (Shin-Kōenji Station or Higashi-Kōenji Station).
The show's futuristic-looking set was designed by Jim Newton, and was the first use of neon on a game show set. The revival debuted on March 26, 1973 with guest celebrities Arte Johnson (who played the original version) and Barbara Feldon.
