
One potential disadvantage of the grid leak detector is that the input impedance of the detector may be affected by the need to self bias the detector tube with grid current. Having the grid leak resistor, even in the Megohm range, shunting signal to ground loads the received signal. Although this may be mitigated to some degree by taking the resistor to the top of the tuned circuit (i.e. in parallel with the capacitor) and through the coil to earth, or by circuit design and component optimization, forward grid current will still load the input signal (and reduce the Q of the tuned circuit). Plate detectors have the advantage in that they isolate the detector load from the input circuit more effectively and may be employed where sensitivity is thought to be otherwise compromised by a grid leak or diode detector circuit.
Her last foal was a 2006 colt by Forest Wildcat.
Anne Ursu

DNG is the only raw image format for which industry-wide buy-in is being sought. It is based upon, and compatible with, the ISO standard raw image format ISO 12234-2, TIFF/EP, and is being used by ISO in their revision of that standard.
<doc id="2957018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2957018" title="Valarie Rae Miller">
As of 2013 in the Pacific Northwest of the United States a number of coal terminals such as the Gateway Pacific Terminal in Bellingham, Washington were proposed for export of coal from the Powder River Basin to China. The Gateway Pacific Terminal, if constructed, would be operated by SSA Marine and commence operations in 2016. Of the six proposals, three had been dropped by May 9, 2013. In addition to Gateway Pacific, Millennium Bulk Terminals in Longview, Washington, and Ambre Energy's Morrow Pacific Project in Boardman, Oregon remained under consideration.
Lin Yi-hsiung (; born August 24, 1941) is a politician from Taiwan. He was a major leader of the democratization movement in Taiwan. He graduated from the Department of Law of National Taiwan University. He was first exposed to politics in 1976 while serving as attorney for Guo Yuxin (郭雨新, 1908–1985) who sued the ruling KMT party for electoral fraud. Lin was elected a member of Taiwan Provincial Assembly (now defunct) in Guo's old electorate in 1977.
Horses are sometimes kept indoors in buildings called either barns or stables. The terms are often used interchangeably; a barn is the more general term for a rural building that houses livestock, the term stable is more often used in urban areas and can be used as a noun to refer to the building that houses horses or the collection of horses themselves, or as a verb to describe the act of keeping horses in a stable. These buildings are usually unheated and well-ventilated; horses may develop respiratory problems when kept in damp or stuffy conditions. Most horse barns have a number of box stalls inside, that allow many horses to be safely stabled together in separate quarters. There are also separate areas or even rooms for feed, equipment and tack storage and, in some large stables, there may be additional facilities such as a veterinary treatment area or a washing area in the building. Barns may be designed to hold one horse in the backyard of a family home, or be a commercial operation capable of holding dozens of animals.
Quenching refers to any process which decreases the fluorescence intensity of a given substance. A variety of processes can result in quenching, such as excited state reactions, energy transfer, complex-formation and collisional quenching. As a consequence, quenching is often heavily dependent on pressure and temperature. Molecular oxygen, iodide ions and acrylamide are common chemical quenchers. The chloride ion is a well known quencher for quinine fluorescence. Quenching poses a problem for non-instant spectroscopic methods, such as laser-induced fluorescence.
In the 1992 case of Doggett v. United States the United States Supreme Court considered an 8½ year delay between indictment and criminal trial excessive.
And lo! an amazon stept out,
The Calnev Pipeline is a long buried refined oil products pipeline in the United States that is owned by Kinder Morgan Energy Partners. The pipeline consists of two parallel lines, the larger, has a diameter of and the smaller one has a diameter of . The lines carry gasoline, jet fuel, and diesel fuel from Los Angeles, California refineries as far as Nellis Air Force Base south of North Las Vegas, Nevada. It carries approximately . Jet fuel from the pipeline is also delivered to the McCarran International Airport tank farm in Paradise. Additional terminal facilities are located in Barstow, California.

As of 1970, First Boston was considered to be part of the bulge bracket along with Morgan Stanley, Dillon Read and Kuhn Loeb.
In 1985, another role was added to the wing's mission. On October 15, 1984, the 609th Contingency Hospital was activated by HQ USAFE. The mission of the 609th was to provide a turnkey hospital operation, where the equipment, and supplies were already in place and all the organization needed was the people to operate it, when called upon.
Clinical exam may reveal sectoral paresis of the iris sphincter or vermiform iris movements. The tonic pupil may become smaller (miotic) over time which is referred to as "little old Adie's". Testing with low dose (1/8%) pilocarpine may constrict the tonic pupil due to cholinergic denervation supersensitivity. A normal pupil will not constrict with the dilute dose of pilocarpine. CT scans and MRI scans may be useful in the diagnostic testing of focal hypoactive reflexes.
Live Innocence!
Live tours.
The song was remade in 2007 as "À Tout le Monde (Set Me Free)", sung as a duet with Cristina Scabbia, singer of Italian metal band Lacuna Coil. The guitars for the song are all in standard tuning (bringing the song to F-sharp minor), whereas Youthanasia was recorded a half-step down (which put the song in F minor). The new version is also slightly faster, and the guitar solo performed by Glen Drover is musically 4 bars longer than the original by Marty Friedman. À Tout le Monde (Set Me Free) was the first single released from the album with a new music video made for it. The song's title has been revised in order to distinguish it from the original, although this alteration does not appear on some pressings of the album. The title also features the aforementioned grave accent on the letter "à", which was omitted on the original version.
Porl King produced one more album (contractually) of 80s new romantic cover versions under the name Rosetta Stone for Cleopatra Records. He then went on to be a remixer and producer, working for the likes of the Mercury Music Award -nominated Elbow and the Fluke side-project Syntax.
Its name is from the Ancient Greek "" (‘little knife’), referring to the pointed frontoparietal processes.
<doc id="2960787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2960787" title="Brigadoon (disambiguation)">
In 2012 the gun barrel sequence was featured at the start of the Passion Pictures/Red Box Films feature documentary "Everything or Nothing: The Untold Story of 007". Designed by motion designer Allison Moore, it showed each Bond composited together, turning and shooting prior to the signature red blood dripping.
A dam was built in the 1920s across the Paulins Kill in Stillwater Township, to create Paulinskill Lake, a narrow, body of water that stretches back into Hampton Township to the north. It was constructed in response to the 1914 establishment of Swartswood State Park, to provide seasonal (summer) housing and recreation for vacationers from the New York metropolitan area. At present, it is a year-round residential community managed by a homeowners association.
Turkey debuted to the Eurovision Song Contest in the 1975 Contest, which is the 20th edition of the Contest and held in Stockholm, Sweden. Greece did not participate in the 1975 Contest for "unknown reasons" according to the EBU, but it was discovered that the withdrawal was in protest of Turkey's debut and its invasion of Cyprus in 1974. TRT organized a national final for select the first ever Turkish entrant to the Eurovision Song Contest. The final took place on 9 February 1975 in the studios of TRT and hosted by Bülend Özveren. The winning song was picked by averaging the ranks from the professional jury and people's jury as "Seninle Bir Dakika" (literally "A minute with you") by Semiha Yankı. At the close of voting the song had received only 3 points from Monaco and placed last.
Bolsover.
Effects of the civil war.

It seemed as though Leeds were going to walk away with the spoils as Marcus Bai rectified his earlier error by grabbing a late try which was converted by Sinfield and left the score 24-19 but it wasn't meant to be. The immense noise of the loyal hull fans as Hull-born Paul Cooke broke through the Leeds defense and cleverly put the ball down underneath the posts to make sure Hull got the conversion. The youngster Danny Brough capped off an outstanding performance by converting the try under pressure to make the score 25 - 24 to Hull. In the dying seconds Richard Swain charged down a drop goal attempt to keep the scores as they were and hull held on for arguably the best challenge cup final ever. Hull overturned all the odds, beating champions Bradford Bulls and cup holders St Helens along the way.
Feeding.
Candidates can only mount election campaigns from after the close of nomination up to the day before the eve of polling day. No campaigning is permitted on the eve of polling day itself, which is known as "cooling-off day". Candidates can advertise on the Internet, conduct house-to-house visits, distribute pamphlets, put up banners and posters, and hold election rallies. Political parties fielding at least six candidates are allocated airtime for two pre-recorded party political broadcasts on radio and television, one on the day following nomination day and the other on cooling-off day. The amount of airtime granted depends on the number of candidates each party is fielding. The maximum amount which a candidate or his or her election agent can pay or incur for an election campaign is $3.50 for each elector in an SMC, or $3.50 for each elector divided by the number of candidates in the group standing for election in a GRC.
The territory of Whitworth spans the entire length of the Whitworth Valley, an area of . It consists of the areas of Healey, Broadley, Whitworth, Facit and Shawforth that are linked by the A671 road, part of the great turnpike built in the 18th century, together with a number of smaller hamlets now subsumed into the main areas of Whitworth itself. There are several such hamlets now making up parts of Whitworth, such as Cowm Top which was removed to make way for Cowm Reservoir, together with others that have been absorbed by Whitworth and other nearby towns, such as Prickshaw which is now a part of Rochdale.
Iconographic depiction.
During Liang Dynasty.
