
ITHS can refer to the following
This was established soon after 43 CE, on land which was at that time a mile from the sea, at the north end of the Wantsum channel. The Wantsum once separated Thanet from mainland Kent, and the fort was probably there to defend the Roman fleet anchored in the channel.
In certain approaches to loop optimization, the set of the executions of the loop body is viewed as the set of integer points in a polyhedron defined by loop constraints.
<doc id="25293114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25293114" title="Anata no Koibito ni Naritai no Desu">
Hohenbergia hatschbachii
There are obvious dangers for victims with spinal injuries or osteoporosis, therefore victims should be moved only if the situation absolutely requires it (e.g., in a fire). Rescuers also should move slow and deliberate to avoid self-injury. Do not stumble while walking backwards!

The Conservative-Monarchist Club (Polish: "Klub Zachowawczo-Monarchistyczny", abbr. KZ-M) is a Polish organization of traditionalist, counter-revolutionary and Catholic character. It was founded on 7 March 1988 as a society. The doctrine of the club can be characterized as integralist conservatism. It is a metapolitical organization, keeping apart from daily politics, instead, it aims at advancing ideas of free market and Catholic traditionalism. It considers itself a successor to the Conservative-Monarchist Club founded in Kraków, 1926, which in turn succeeded the Conservative Party founded in 1922. The Club publishes a quarterly entitled Pro Fide Rege et Lege and maintains the internet portal konserwatyzm.pl.
Service.
Compressed suffix array
Critical reception.
Game 3.
Open flap debridement is used by some practitioners particularly in deeper pocket areas. The advantages of this approach is better visualization of the root surface to be cleaned. This must be weighed against the risks of surgery. Open flap surgery is more effective than non-surgical periodontal therapy in deep pocketing : "Both scaling and root planing alone and scaling and root planing combined with flap procedure are effective methods for the treatment of chronic periodontitis in terms of attachment level gain and reduction in gingival inflammation. In the treatment of deep pockets open flap debridement results in greater PPD reduction and clinical attachment gain."
Spin-off.

Maurice of Saxe-Lauenburg (1551 – 2 November 1612, Buxtehude) was the fourth son of Francis I of Saxe-Lauenburg and Sybille of Saxe-Freiberg (Freiberg, *2 May 1515 – 18 July 1592*, Buxtehude), daughter of Duke Henry IV "the Pious" of Saxony. Maurice ruled Saxe-Lauenburg as duke between 1581 and 1612, together with his elder brothers Magnus II (until 1588) and Francis II, who survived him.
<doc id="25303023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25303023" title="Pretty Cure All Stars">
Trapp Lake

Haugaard may refer to:
Fisher has worked in conjunction with the Los Angeles Conservancy, the Highland Park Heritage Trust, various historical societies, and numerous Los Angeles neighborhood councils, resident's groups, community groups, to preserve Los Angeles' unique historic architectural and cultural legacy.
Codington County Historical Society.
Dufaux 5


Flint joined Tottenham Hotspur from non League club Bedford Town in 1948. The forward played five matches and scored one goal for the "Lilywhites". After leaving White Hart Lane, Flint joined Aldershot where he featured in 324 matches and netting 70 goals between 1950 and 1958. He went on to have a spell at Leyton Orient before ending his senior career at Bath City.
16 February 2014,

