After Hurricane Katrina, approximately 7,000 refugees went to the convention center, due to the Astrodome being at its full capacity.
When the High Council in Zion was dissolved after the church was expelled from Missouri, the headquarters of the church were moved to Nauvoo, Illinois. There, Joseph Smith formed a new Presiding High Council, led by William Marks, which supervised the High Councils of outlying stakes, under the direction of the First Presidency.
The effect was related to the strength of love, liking, and trust of the spouse being viewed. Women who were high positive in this area perceived strangers as being more distorted than their partners. Size judgements by men did not seem to be influenced by the strength of their feeling toward their spouse.
FM broadcast subcarriers are normally required to stay under 75 kHz (and up to 100 kHz if reduced) to comply with the mask. The introduction of in-band on-channel (IBOC) digital radio in the United States has been slowed down by issues concerning the subcarriers it uses – and the corresponding increase in the amount of energy in the sidebands – overstepping the bounds of the spectral mask set forth for FM by the NRSC and enforced by the FCC. 
Elections to the United States House of Representatives were held in 1868 to elect Representatives to the 41st United States Congress. The election coincided with the presidential election of 1868, which was won by Ulysses S. Grant. 

Al Ahly was the first club to reach the FIFA Club World Cup twice following two consecutive appearances in 2005 and 2006 then in 2012 and 2013 winning the Bronze Medal in 2006, becoming the first African club to win a medal in the competition. After qualifying for the 2013 edition, Al Ahly became the team with the most appearances in the FIFA Club World Cup, having qualified for 5 times out of 10 competitions.
<doc id="1435205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1435205" title="Zenit (satellite)">
During one of the seasons, a student may elect to spend time in one of Midland’s alternative programs. Students may work in the campus’ organic garden, or join the school’s equestrian program of Western and English riding and horse care. As an additional option, students may choose to work in Ranch Management, through which students participate in the upkeep of the infrastructure of the campus as well as the ranch.
On 27 September 2013, Supreme Court of India pronounced a judgement that citizen's of India have Right to Negative Vote by exercising None of the above (NOTA) option in EVMs and ballot papers. The judgment was passed on a PIL filed by the People's Union for Civil Liberties, an NGO in 2009.
As of 2004, the district has an estimated population of 3,278 and a density of 14.25 persons per km². The total area is 230.06 km².
Donnay made his serious debut as a dramatist on the little stage of the Chat Noir with "Phryne" (1891), a series of Greek scenes. 
Post-Ottoman time.
Notable current inmates.
Stations.
The central character is Henry, a young boy who attempts to be helpful but ends up doing more harm than good - usually as a result of a misunderstanding or misinterpretation.
In 2002, he became the recipient of the Queen’s Golden Jubilee Medal for his commitment and contributions to Canadian society. In 2003, he was appointed for life to the Queen’s Privy Council for Canada by Prime Minister Paul Martin.
Lockheed Martin and the U.S. Army launched the HALE-D sub-scale demonstrator on July 27, 2011, demonstrating key technologies critical to the development of unmanned airships. The airship was supposed to reach an altitude of 60,000 feet, but a problem occurred at 32,000 feet. It descended and landed without damage.
Niklas Isfeldt and Peter Stålfors briefly left in 2005 to be replaced by Jake E. Berg (aka Jake Steel, of Dreamland) and Tommy Larsson, but returned before recordings or live shows were done. At the start of 2006, Snowy Shaw abruptly quit Dream Evil. After a period of silence for several months, Dream Evil announced Pat Power (Patrik Jerksten), a co-worker of Fredrik Nordström from Studio Fredman, as Snowy's replacement.
While the NHL had long since replaced the heavy wool sweaters with more modern air-knit jerseys, the patterns for the 75th anniversary throwbacks were consistent with the original versions, with a few exceptions (as noted below). Player surnames were worn on the back of the throwback jerseys, even though this was not originally the case (the NHL did not require names on the jerseys until 1977).
Nuevo Laredo features a semiarid climate. Nuevo Laredo's weather is influenced by its proximity to the Chihuahuan Desert to the west, by the Sierra Madre Oriental mountains to the south and west, and by the Gulf of Mexico to the east. Much of the moisture from the Pacific is blocked by the Sierra Madre Oriental. Therefore most of the moisture derives from the Gulf of Mexico. Its geographic location causes Nuevo Laredo's weather to range from long periods of heat to sudden violent storms in a short period of time. Nuevo Laredo is cold for Tamaulipas standards during winter, the average daytime highs are around 66 °F (19 C) and overnight lows around 43 °F (6 C); although it is rare for snow to fall in Nuevo Laredo, there was actually snow on the ground for a few hours on the morning of Christmas Day 2004.
Automatic using a built-in GPS.
Vestlandet and Sørlandet has always been the two land areas in Norway, with the greatest preponderance of the secular voters. The election in 2007 give the nonsocialist parliamentary parties 65.4% against the socialist parliamentary parties 29.7%. The government party had collected 39.5% against 55.6% parliamentary opposition.
By the fall of 1943 the OUN-B forces had established their control over substantial portions of rural areas in Volhynia and southwestern Polesia. While the Germans controlled the large towns and major roads, such a large area east of Rivne had come under the control of the OUN-B that it was able to set about creating a "state" system with military training schools, hospitals and a school system, involving tens of thousands of personnel. Its military, the UPA, which came under the command of Roman Shukhevich in August 1943, would fight against the Germans and later the Soviets until the mid-1950s. It would also play a major role in the ethnic cleansing of the Polish population from western Ukraine. For more information about the UPA, see: Ukrainian Insurgent Army.
In 1977, Griffin released a third solo album, "James Griffin", also on Polydor, with tracks recorded in 1974 and 1975. He teamed with Terry Sylvester (formerly of The Hollies) on the album "Griffin & Sylvester" in 1982 and was a member of Black Tie with Randy Meisner and Billy Swan, which released "When The Night Falls" in 1986, co-produced by T-Bone Burnett. Robb Royer was also credited as a musician on the album. The album was remixed and reissued in the early '90's, with Griffin's voice more prominent on some songs. The Black Tie single "Learning The Game" peaked at #59 on the "Billboard" country chart in 1991.
