In this list, an island is defined as "land that is surrounded by seawater on a daily basis, but not necessarily at all stages of the tide, excluding human devices such as bridges and causeways". A complication relating to membership of this list is that there are various descriptions of the scope of the Hebrides, the large group of islands that lie off Scotland's west coast. The "Collins Encyclopedia of Scotland" describes the Inner Hebrides as lying "east of The Minch", which would include any and all offshore islands. There are various islands that lie in the sea lochs such as Eilean Bàn and Eilean Donan that might not ordinarily be described as "Hebridean" but no formal definitions exist and for simplicity they are included in the List of Inner Hebrides rather than here.

German submarine U-702
In marketing the potential customer base is divided into smaller segments. With internet marketing content is built for each segment, micro content. In traditional marketing each segment is just identified, not provided with any content.
In 1934, after decades of hawk and eagle slaughter on a ridge in the Appalachian Mountains in Pennsylvania, Edge unilaterally ended the annual shoot by buying the property and turning it into a sanctuary ("Rosalie Edge, Hawk of Mercy"). Willard Gibbs Van Name, the American Museum of Natural History zoologist who advised her and secretly wrote her earliest ECC pamphlets, lent her $500 to obtain a lease-buy option on about 1,340 acres. In time, the Hawk Mountain Sanctuary Association grew to about 2,500 acres.
Dead Romeo
<doc id="24245622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24245622" title="Malcolm Hickox">
The studies were conducted by the Université Victor-Segalen, Bordeaux 2 (UB2) in Bordeaux, France.
Hastings and Thanet.
<doc id="24247817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24247817" title="Charles Semowich">
In July 2011, the school board voted to rename the districts' elementary schools and to realign attendance zones accordingly. The goals were to equalize student distribution between primary centers, reduce bus time and save money.
Track (Indoor)
Many of the world's radio stations broadcast in a variety of analog and digital formats. This page will list and compare them in chart form.
In 2011, 92 Ellwood City Area School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 477. The Math average score was 487. The Writing average score was 463. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Extracurriculars.

Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, All Day Kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students. For 2010-11, the School District of the City of Monessen applied for and received $241,272 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The District used the funding to provide Full Day kindergarten, to increase instructional time and to reduce class size K-3rd grade. In 2009, 100% of the kindergarteners in the School District attended full-day kindergarten.
In 2007, the average teacher salary in the district was $52,411 for 180 days worked. The district ranked first in Butler County for average teacher salary in 2007. On April 7, 2010, the district teachers' union announced the intent to go out on strike regarding their contract. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, personal days, sick days, and other benefits.
The legislation placed the responsibility of developing a wellness policy at the local level so the individual needs of each district can be addressed. According to the requirements for the Local Wellness Policy, school districts must set goals for nutrition education, physical activity, campus food provision, and other school-based activities designed to promote student wellness. Additionally, districts were required to involve a broad group of individuals in policy development and to have a plan for measuring policy implementation. Districts were offered a choice of levels of implementation for limiting or prohibiting low nutrition foods on the school campus. In final implementation these regulations prohibit some foods and beverages on the school campus. The Pennsylvania Department of Education required the district to submit a copy of the policy for approval.
5th Grade Math:
Backboard (basketball)
The rebel.
In popular culture.
