The early-May 1965 tornado outbreak sequence was a major severe weather event that affected much of the Central United States on May 5–8, 1965. For four consecutive days, tornado outbreaks produced at least three significant (F2+) tornadoes each day, and at least two violent (F4–F5) tornadoes on three of the four days. The entire sequence generated 37 significant tornadoes, including at least nine violent tornadoes, one of which was rated F5. On May 5, two F4s struck Iowa, including a long-tracked tornado family that injured 11 people. On May 6, an outbreak of six strong tornadoes, four of them violent F4s, affected Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota, and has been nicknamed "The Longest Night", killing 13 people and causing major damages—at the time the most damaging single weather event in Minnesota history. Three of the six tornadoes occurred on the ground simultaneously, and two of them hit the section of Interstate 694 and University Avenue in the town of Fridley. Both Fridley tornadoes damaged 1,100 homes and destroyed about 425; total losses reached $14.5 million, $5 million of which was to the Fridley school system.
Stargoose
Former Cabinet minister Sir Norman Fowler served the seat until retiring in 2001. Departments he led during the Thatcher ministry were transport, social services and then employment.
Comodo Group, Inc. is a privately held group of companies providing computer software and SSL digital certificates, based in Clifton, New Jersey in the United States. It has offices in the United Kingdom, Ukraine, Romania, China, India, Turkey and Clifton, NJ.
A television broadcast from Switzerland was seen in 2000 by Raspopova, a veteran from the women's night bomber regiment. It featured a former Soviet woman fighter pilot who Raspopova thought may have been Litvyak. This veteran was wounded twice. Married outside of the Soviet Union, she had three children. Raspopova promptly told Polunina what she inferred from the Swiss broadcast.
The town of Faaborg has a population of 7,251 (2003), and is located on Funen island's south coast at Faaborg Fjord. It is situated between hills, and in the straits lie many small islands. The town has many old well-preserved houses.
Personal life.
The Conservative Party is a political party in Uganda. It is led by Ken Lukyamuzi.
2007
Women's 100 m Freestyle
<doc id="1826905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1826905" title="List of Brazil state name etymologies">
Bruce Geller
Nevertheless, the direct result of these institutions was not always a democracy. It was often a narrow oligarchy, as in Venice, or even an absolute monarchy, as in Florence, in renaissance period but during medieval period they were guild democracies.
Women's Individual Time Trial
Archery.
A nonverbal method for testing causal inference designed by Premack made it possible to show that both young children and chimpanzees are capable of causal inference.
On May 25, 2004, Bahrani was appointed to work with the Coalition Provisional Authority as Senior Consultant for Culture. She has stated that her objective will be to continue the reconstruction of the Iraq National Museum and the Iraq National Library and to identify new opportunities for training and study abroad.
