1550 Streltsy
In 1765 Capelrig Estate was bought by Robert Barclay, whose mentor was William Mure and who gave him a lucrative post as a tax collector, becoming Depute Admiral of the Clyde. Barclay was regarded as the best whist player in Glasgow in his day and was a lawyer in the city in the firm of Barclay & Grahame. In 1769 a new house was erected, the present house in the Georgian style. It and the Estate descended through his family to James Barclay Murdoch, noted historian and antiquarian - and himself a descendant of the Browns and of the Murdochs who were Provosts of Glasgow. A wing was added to the south-west in 1913 by its new owner Kenneth Weir, on the occasion of his marriage. He later became the 2nd Viscount Weir of Eastwood. Much of the Estate continued to be owned by the Murdoch Trust families. In 1948 Kenneth Weir sold the House and farmlands to John Lawrence & Co Ltd, housebuilders, To provide for a new school Capelrig House and its immediate policies were purchased by the then Council of County of Renfrew who wished to demolish the building but were dissuaded after a public outcry. It was refurbished as an arts centre, and has been used as offices by East Renfrewshire Council.
<doc id="27417942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27417942" title="2010–11 Fenerbahçe S.K. season">
Grigor Marzuantsi (Armenian: born in Marzuan city in historical Little Hayq in Western Armenia) was an Armenian book printer and engraver during the years 1705-1730.


Ernst von Leyser was born in 1889 in Steglitz. He entered military service by joining the "Kaiserliche Armee" on 24 March 1909, at the age of 20 with the rank of Leutnant. He was initially assigned to the 5th Foot Guards but upon the outbreak of World War I in 1914 he was transferred to the 1st Guards Reserve Regiment. He served in various positions in his regiment and eventually reached the rank of Hauptmann during the summer of 1918, a few months before the end of the war.
This representation of the solutions and the algorithms to compute it are presently, in practice, a very efficient way for solving zero-dimensional polynomial systems with coefficients in a finite field. 
Life and career.
Blue Creek is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States. Blue Creek is located on the north bank of the Elk River northeast of Elkview. Blue Creek has a post office with ZIP code 25026.
Affiliations.
