<doc id="39454645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39454645" title="Peter Oehler">
California Proposition 37.
It was first named "Nachtigal Hospital", on behalf of the roving Consul Nachtigal. Doctor Gustav Nachtigal was in charge of representing Emperor of Germany William I and the Chancellor Bismarck all over the gulf of Guinea. He made legal the 1884 treaties signed with the kings of Douala, instituting German Protectorate on the territory. He supplanted "The late consul", nickname given to the British Consul Hewett, still retained in his official duties in Fernando Poo (now Malabo), who got to Cameroon Town too late to negotiate a British establishment in this city. Finally, Nachtigal's remarkable career ended with the official installation of Julius von Soden as the first German Governor, from 1885 to 1891, long before the construction of the hospital.
Animal furniture refers both to furniture used by animals and to furniture made from animals. 
First week.
Terahertz transitions in solids can be systematically approached by generalizing the semiconductor Bloch equations and the related many-body correlation dynamics. At this level, one realizes the THz field are directly absorbed by two-particle correlations that modify the quantum kinetics of electron and hole distributions. Therefore, a systematic THz analysis must include the quantum kinetics of many-body correlations, that can be treated systematically, e.g., with the cluster-expansion approach. At this level, one can explain and predict a wide range of effects with the same theory, ranging from Drude-like response of plasma to extreme nonlinear effects of excitons.
Rebellion and death.
Punar Vivah - Ek Nayi Umeed was an Indian soap opera that aired on Zee TV. It premiered on 20 May 2013 airing on weekdays. It went off air on November 29, 2013.
Ott served in Europe during the war, first with the 76th Field Artillery Battalion, including assignments as Battery Commander, and Battalion Operations and Training Officer (S3), Executive Officer and Commander. He later served as Operations and Training Officer (S3) for the 18th Field Artillery Group, and carried out an assignment in California on the staff of the Sixth United States Army. He was a Lieutenant Colonel when he was discharged in 1946.
The brigade had an earlier incarnation as E Brigade, RHA, formed from the Horse Artillery Brigade of the Honourable East India Company's Bombay Army in 1862 before being broken up in 1877.

Managing editor of "The Sun", Richard Caseby, said the newspaper had faced a "a very difficult decision". Both media outlets argued they had released the video "in the public interest". BBC News showed some parts of the video. Sky News decided not to follow suit, as senior editors were of the opinion that the graphic images were "unnecessarily distressing". Both ITV and the BBC ran warnings before showing the footage. Most of Britain's national daily newspapers grabbed still images from the video footage for their front pages the next morning. A BBC executive said that the news organisation edited the footage before broadcasting, and "dealt with the material as carefully as we could." The spokesman said they "thought very carefully about the pictures… and gave great consideration to how we used the footage". They argued that the footage was an important element of the story and shed light on the perpetrators and the possible motives for the attack."
Despite several attempts by higly moral people to have the calendar and videos banned from online video channels and social media, their online presence is growing and has captured worldwide interest.
