Decolonization.
Kenya.
The detained were transported to the Abrahamowicz's dormitory, where despite the preconceived intention to kill them, they were tortured and interrogated. The head of the department in the Jewish hospital, professor Adam Ruff was shot while having an epileptic attack.
Bothwell is an affluent commuter town that has attracted a number of local celebrities including a number of Celtic and Rangers footballers. Thanks to a steady rise in property prices, Bothwell has earned its reputation as one of Glasgow's most prosperous satellites. A recent survey published in "The Scotsman" revealed that Bothwell's Imperial Way, site of the former home of ex-Celtic manager Gordon Strachan, is the fifth most expensive street in Scotland, closely followed by neighbouring streets Mill Road and Fife Crescent.
Gennady (Genadi) Leonid-ipa Gagulia (, ; born 4 January 1948) is a two-time former Prime Minister of Abkhazia (January 1995 – April 1997, November 2002 – April 2003) and the current head of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry.

Though she avoided party-political journalism for several years, she returned to covering politics in the early 1990s, and became "The Irish Times"' political editor in 1999. She was appointed editor of the paper in late 2002. Brady had been editor for 16 years.
Starting in 2006, during Disney's annual Halloween Time, the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror at Disney's California Adventure received special sound and lighting effects for the exterior, and themed Halloween decor for the surrounding area and in the lobby. The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror is the starting point of Disney's "Happiest Haunts on Earth" tour. In 2008 the Halloween decor was not put up, but lights projected spinning spider webs on the exterior of the hotel. Since the introduction of Buena Vista Street, the special Halloween decor and lighting effects were no longer used.
Timeline of the Faroe Islands
The corresponding Runge–Lenz vector is more complicated,
Evolutionary considerations.
Jon Shecter and David Mays decided to hire their college friends James Benard (as senior editor) and Ed Young (as associate publisher), and the four men immediately became shareholders in the ownership of the magazine. At the time, Mays handled duties as the publisher for the magazine, and Shecter was the editor-in-chief. The magazine's offices were moved from Massachusetts to New York City in 1990, a move that was made with the intention to expand the magazine into a mainstream market publication.
Illyana returns to Russia where she lives with her parents for some months until they are murdered by the Russian government in order to secure Illyana's abilities to defeat a psionic being known as the Soul Skinner. Illyana then returns to the X-Mansion to live with her brother and the other X-Men.
CXL Turbo.
Other codes had multiple uses over the years. Edinburgh stopped using 0500 and moved to 031 (0131 after PhONEday). Some years later, 0500 was used for Mercury Freephone services.
<doc id="720418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=720418" title="Inner City (Budapest)">
Leinster was a member of the Irish House of Commons for Athy from 1741 before succeeding his father as 20th Earl of Kildare in 1744. He was sworn of the Irish Privy Council in 1746 and in 1747, on the occasion of his marriage (see below), he was created Viscount Leinster, of Taplow in the County of Buckingham, in the Peerage of Great Britain, and took his seat at Westminster that same year. From 1749 to 1755 he was one of the leaders of the Popular Party in Ireland, and served as the country's Master-General of the Ordnance between 1758 and 1766, becoming Colonel of the Royal Irish Artillery in 1760. He was promoted to Major-General in 1761 and to Lieutenant-General in 1770.
Early years.
In one of his stories, "Dentist", Bolaño appears to set out his basic aesthetic principles. The narrator pays a visit to an old friend, a dentist. The friend introduces him to a poor Indian boy who turns out to be a literary genius. At one point during a long evening of inebriated conversation, the dentist expressed what he believes to be the essence of art:

Portugal and other Portuguese language countries such as Brazil have supported the teaching of Portuguese in East Timor. Some people in East Timor have complained that teachers from Portugal and Brazil are poorly equipped to teach in the country, as they do not know local languages, or understand the local culture. 

<doc id="721729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=721729" title="Karisimbi (commune)">
Following the November 2009 IAEA Board of Governors resolution demanding Iran immediately stop building its newly revealed nuclear facility and freeze uranium enrichment, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs avoided mentioning sanctions but indicated harsher measures were possible unless Iran compromised: "If Iran refuses to meet its obligations, then it will be responsible for its own growing isolation and the consequences." Glyn Davies, the chief U.S. delegate to the IAEA, told reporters: "Six nations ... for the first time came together ... have put together this resolution we all agreed on. That's a significant development."
Differences between versions of Pools of Darkness.
