Identification of Qing with China.
Name.
Heel-and-toe
At the Slater-Morrill Shoe Company factory, on Pearl Street, in Braintree, Massachusetts, during the afternoon of April 15, 1920, robbers approached two men as they were transporting the company payroll into two large steel boxes to the main factory. Alessandro Berardelli, a security guard, was shot as he reached for his hip-holstered .38-caliber, Harrington & Richardson revolver, not recovered from the scene. Frederick Parmenter, a paymaster who was unarmed, was shot twice: once in the chest and a second time, fatally, in the back as he attempted to flee. The robbers seized the payroll boxes and escaped by climbing into a waiting getaway car, a stolen dark blue Buick. It sped away while the robbers fired wildly at company workers nearby.
Session mode lets two computers establish a connection for a "conversation," allows larger messages to be handled, and provides error detection and recovery.
Discrimination.
West Bromwich Manor House, Hall Green Road B71 2EA. Built by the de Marnham family in the late 13th century as the centre of their agricultural estate in West Bromwich only the Great Hall survives of the original complex of living quarters, agricultural barns, sheds and ponds. Successive occupants modernised and extended the Manor House until it was described in 1790 as "a large pile of irregular half-timbered buildings, black and white, and surrounded with numerous out-houses and lofty walls." The Manor House was saved from demolition in the 1950s by West Bromwich Corporation which carried out an extensive and sympathetic restoration of this nationally important building.
The creation of BNSF started with the formation of a holding company, the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation on September 22, 1995. This new holding company then purchased the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (often called the "Santa Fe") and Burlington Northern Railroad, and formally merged the railways into the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway on December 31, 1996. On January 24, 2005, the railroad's name was officially changed to "BNSF Railway," using the initials of its original name.
