formula_1
KSST
Nucleoporin GLE1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "GLE1" gene on chromosome 9.
Jefferson Township High School may refer to one of the following:

Myosin light polypeptide 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MYL6" gene.
Regulation.

Later on. Schmidt sent out his second-in-command—"Leutnant" Ernst Mössinger—to negotiate a surrender, hoping to reach favorable terms. "Major" Arne Sunde, the Norwegian commander, however refused to accept anything but an unconditional surrender. Sunde told Mössinger that unless the Germans announced their surrender within 10 minutes by launching three flares the allied artillery would recommence bombarding Lindse Farm. Nine and a half minutes later, at 11:30, the "Fallschirmjäger" force at Lindse fired three signal flares.
<doc id="15073514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15073514" title="RCBTB1">
Butler Center is situated at the geographical center of Butler Township, hence the name.

Using a short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to silence expression of Klf9 provides resistance for the cell to oxidative stress and ROS-related cell death. Klf9 is upregulated by ROS and promotes ROS-related cell death.
2-hydroxyacylsphingosine 1-beta-galactosyltransferase is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "UGT8" gene.
<doc id="15076576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15076576" title="EDC3">
On March 6, 1943, Illinois Governor Dwight H. Green purchased King Neptune for $1 million on behalf of the state of Illinois. At the same auction, one of Neptune's bristles was sold for $500.
Several weeks after the battle with Daemon, Mukuro leaves Chrome. He finds and recruits Fran into the group. Verde requests for Mukuro and his gang to fight for him in upcoming Arcobaleno battle, which Mukuro accepted in order to fight Tsuna and his Family. During the first day of the Representative battle, Mukuro's team able to defeat five people within ten minutes, thanks to Verde's machine that able to change illusion into reality. At the second day of the Representative battle, he, and his team fight Tsuna's team and Byakuran's team. At the third day of the Representative Battle, he reluctantly formed temporary alliance with Team Reborn to defeat the Vindice. With Chrome's help and unleashed combined technique, they able to defeat two Vindice with the last one defeated by Tsuna. After Tsuna's brief battle with Jager and knowing the truth about the Arcobaleno, he, along with the other remaining teams formed alliance with Tsuna as the core to defeat Team Bermuda. At the fourth day of Representative Battle, he, Dino, Squalo, Xanxus, and Byakuran confronts Jager, preventing him from helping his teammates while Tsuna, Enma, and Basil defeats them one by one.
In the 1960s most wedding photographers were members of the Professional Photographers of America (PPofA) which regularly held print competitions at meetings and conventions. Monte, with his innovative combination of window lighting and dual flash started winning competitions on the State and National level in the "Candid" category of the competitions which gave him recognition beyond his small niche market. Awards in competition lead to offers to teach at PPofA events and training seminars and writing a column on wedding photography he called "Candid Comments" in the PPofA magazine. He also attracted the support of sponsors such as Rolleiflex (whose cameras he used at the time) and Meisel Photo Labs (which he used for his own work).
