Analytic theory.
As each gift was given by Gilgamesh, he received from Humbaba a "terror" (= "radiance") in exchange, from Humbaba. The seven gifts successively given by Gilgamesh were:
Throughout its production run the Primula was available as a two-door, three-door or a five-door sedan, with either a 1221 cc or an 1197 cc four-cylinder. The top of the line Coupe S version used a 1438 cc four-cylinder (75 hp) borrowed from the Fiat 124 Special and was only available as a two-door. The lack of a fifth gear limited the high-end capacity of all Primula models.
Status quo can also refer to a situation that people find mutually undesirable but the outcome of any changes to it may be overly risky; at the same time they recognize that eventual change will occur, and openness to the potential that a better alternative solution may emerge over time. For example, in the current state of affairs, Taiwan's political status straddles the line of a sovereign state in its own right and a non-sovereign area of China. Neither a full declaration of independence nor a forceful incorporation of the island into China is considered ideal by both parties at the current stage. Thus 'pro status-quo' in this case generally means 'wait-and-see'.
CSP was first described in a 1978 paper by C. A. R. Hoare, but has since evolved substantially. CSP has been practically applied in industry as a tool for specifying and verifying the concurrent aspects of a variety of different systems, such as the T9000 Transputer, as well as a secure ecommerce system. The theory of CSP itself is also still the subject of active research, including work to increase its range of practical applicability (e.g., increasing the scale of the systems that can be tractably analyzed).
Religion.
The Aberdeen Hospital, New Glasgow business park, New Glasgow Police headquarters, North Nova Education Centre and the Aberdeen Shopping Centre are situated here as well as a residential area.
Suggested Upper Merged Ontology
In engineering and computational mechanics, the word "bias" is sometimes used as a synonym of systematic error. In this case, the bias is referred to the result of a measurement or computation, rather than to the measurement instrument or computational method.
After the various refits, the carrier's air group grew from the original planned 5 "Sea Harriers" and 9 "Sea Kings" to nine Sea Harrier or Harrier GR7/9s and twelve helicopters (usually all Sea Kings, either anti-submarine warfare (ASW) or Airborne Early Warning (AEW) variants). Alternative airgroups were occasionally tested with 16 Harriers and 3 helicopters being embarked. The carrier was equipped with flagship facilities and could provide an operational headquarters for Royal Navy task forces. The runway was long and included the ship's characteristic "ski jump" (initially at an angle of 7°, but later increased to 12°).
Egyptian music began its recorded history in the 1910s, around the time composers such as Sayed Darwish were incorporating western musical forms into their work. Some of the Middle East's biggest musical stars have been Egyptian. Abdel Halim Hafez and Umm Kulthum were especially popular. Most of these stars, including Umm Kulthum, were part of the classical Egyptian and Arabic music tradition. Some, like Abd el-Halim Hafez, were associated with the Egyptian nationalist movement in 1952.
Teams.

A high-resolution CT shows very subtle bone findings. However, CT is usually not needed prior to surgery.
After New York, Lind's party toured the east coast of America, with continued success, and later took in Cuba, the southern states of the U.S., and Canada. By early 1851, Lind had become uncomfortable with Barnum's relentless marketing of the tour, and she invoked a contractual right to sever her ties with him; they parted amicably. She continued the tour for nearly a year, under her own management, until May 1852. Benedict left the party in 1851 to return to England, and Lind invited Otto Goldschmidt to replace him as pianist and conductor. Lind and Goldschmidt were married on February 5, 1852, near the end of the tour, in Boston. She took the name "Jenny Lind-Goldschmidt" both privately and professionally.
Whether or not the marriage of George and Jane was happy, George had a reputation as a womaniser. George Cavendish, Gentleman Usher to Cardinal Wolsey, in his poetry entitled "Metrical Visions" lambastes the young man for his womanising, saying:
In addition to the main town and port, also called Kos, the main villages of Kos island are Kardamena, Kefalos, Tingaki, Antimachia, Mastihari, Marmari and Pyli. Smaller ones are Zia, Zipari, Platani, Lagoudi and Asfendiou.
USS "John A. Moore" (FFG-19), eleventh ship of the "Oliver Hazard Perry" class of guided-missile frigates, was named for Commander John Anderson Moore (1910–1944). Ordered from Todd Shipyards, San Pedro, CA on 28 February 1977 as part of the FY77 program, "John A. Moore" was laid down on 19 September 1978, launched on 20 October 1979, and commissioned on 14 November 1981.

In August 1989, Apple increased the standard amount of RAM shipped in the Apple IIGS to 1.125 MB. This time, the additional memory was built-in on the motherboard, which required a layout change and allowed for other minor improvements as well. This update introduced both a new motherboard and a new ROM firmware update; however, neither was offered to existing owners—even as an upgrade option (the new ROM, now two chips, was incompatible with the original single socket motherboard). Apple had cited the reason an upgrade was not being offered was that most of the features of the new machine could be obtained in existing machines by installing System 5 and a fully populated Apple IIGS Memory Expansion Card.

In the post-credits scene, Dominic is seen driving through Baja, Mexico.
Most phonetic transcription is based on the assumption that linguistic sounds are segmentable into discrete units that can be represented by symbols.
On September 18, 2000, ZDTV was renamed TechTV, and a new on-air strategy was announced along with several new series.
Facilities.
Climate.

The 1993 Base Realignment and Closure Commission recommended the closure of O'Hare Air Reserve Station as proposed by the municipal government of the City of Chicago and the transfer of both the Illinois Air National Guard's 126th Air Refueling Wing (126 ARW) and its KC-135 aircraft, and the Air Force Reserve Command's 928th Airlift Wing (928 AW) and its C-130 aircraft to new facilities to be constructed at Scott AFB, Illinois. The 126 ARW moved from the former O'Hare Air Reserve Station to Scott AFB, Illinois in 1999 as recommended by the Base Realignment and Closure Commission's Report to Congress in conjunction with the closure of the Air Force Reserve Command and Air National Guard facilities at O'Hare. Instead of moving to Scott AFB, subsequent BRAC action directed that the 928 AW be inactivated and its C-130 aircraft reallocated to other Air Force, Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard units.
Currulao.
In the immediate vicinity of the airport, parking and other information is available by tuning to a highway advisory radio station at 530 AM.
The blue-winged kookaburra ("Dacelo leachii") is a large species of kingfisher native to northern Australia and southern New Guinea.
Light cannot be absorbed without limit. According to the principle of the conservation of Energy, energy cannot be created or destroyed; it can only be converted from one type to another. Consequently, most objects that absorb visible light reemit it as heat. So, although an object may appear dark, it is likely bright at a frequency that humans cannot perceive. For more information see thermodynamics.
The West Somerset Railway (WSR) is a heritage railway line in Somerset, England. The freehold of the track and stations is owned by Somerset County Council; the railway is leased to and operated by West Somerset Railway plc (WSR plc); which is supported and minority owned by charitable trust the West Somerset Railway Association (WSRA). The WSR plc operates services using both heritage steam and diesel trains.
Until the middle of the 19th century, Erlenbach remained a small village with less than 1000 inhabitants, mainly engaged in wine growing. In 1835 the first school was built, but it had just two classrooms.
The lake is one of the primary sources of freshwater fish in the country. Its water drains to Manila Bay via the Pasig River.
Asquith had a lengthy discussion (26 June) about the desirability of sacking French. Wilson thought him "ridiculously optimistic about the German state of collapse" and "convinced that the Boches are coming near the end of their reserves" (diary 28 June 1915) while General Haldane thought him "obstinate and unreasonable" (Haldane Diary 30 June 1915). After a "long talk" with Robertson (1 July) the King became convinced that French should be removed. Margot Asquith warned French (2 July) that his aides Freddy Guest and Brinsley Fitzgerald (whom she thought "wonderfully unclever") were making trouble between himself and Kitchener.
In 1904, a group of speculators bought land at Erie Beach, planning to build an amusement park and other amenities, and sell lots around the park to vacationers from Buffalo. Erie Beach featured a hotel, a casino, a race track, regular ferry service from Buffalo and train service from the ferry dock in Fort Erie, and what was billed as the world's largest outdoor swimming pool. Erie Beach and Crystal Beach were in competition to provide bigger thrills to patrons, until Erie Beach went bankrupt and closed down on Labour Day weekend, 1930.
Based on information gathered over the course of its investigation, the SEC charged Eddie Antar with securities fraud and illegal insider trading on September 6, 1989. In January 1990, a Federal district judge ordered Antar to repatriate more than $50 million he had illegally transferred to Israel. He was also ordered to appear in court to explain what had happened with the money. When he failed to appear, an arrest warrant was issued. Eddie surrendered to U.S. Marshals a week later, but was released and ordered to appear at a second hearing. When he failed to appear at that hearing, a second arrest warrant was issued and his assets were frozen.
Usually, a model is created after conducting an interview, referred to as business analysis. The interview consists of a facilitator asking a series of questions designed to extract required information that describes a process. The interviewer is called a facilitator to emphasize that it is the participants who provide the information. The facilitator should have some knowledge of the process of interest, but this is not as important as having a structured methodology by which the questions are asked of the process expert. The methodology is
German submarine U-869
On a standard Android, Windows Mobile, or iOS keyboard, users can hold the key until special characters appear, slide to the é, and release.
In 1897 Mita Ristić founded the textile factory Nitex. In 1905 female painter Nadežda Petrović established the Sićevo art colony. The first film was screened in 1897, and the first permanent movie theater started operating in 1906. Hydroelectric dam in Sićevo Gorge on Nišava was built in 1908; at the time, it was the largest in Serbia. The airfield was built in 1912 on the Trupale field, and the first airplane arrived on 29 December 1912. City Museum was founded in 1913, hosting archaeological, ethnographic and art collections. During the First Balkan War, Niš was the seat of The Main Headquarters of Serbian Army, who led the military operations against the Ottoman Empire. In World War I, Niš was the wartime capital of Serbia, hosting the Government and the National Assembly, until Central Powers conquered Serbia in November 1915, when the city was ceded to Bulgaria. After the breakthrough of the Thessaloniki Front, First Serbian Army commanded by general Petar Bojović liberated Niš on October 12, 1918. 
Liquorice
Italy.
Bachelor of Science Education (B.Sc.Ed).
And was commissioned as Marshal Tian Peng,
Somerset died unmarried and left no legitimate children. He had an illegitimate son by Joan Hill, Charles Somerset (c. 1460–1526). Charles was later legitimized and created Earl of Worcester. From him descend the Earls and Marquesses of Worcester and later the Dukes of Beaufort, who are currently the last male line descendants of the Plantagenets and the Second House of the Counts of Anjou.
A vector-mode display directly draws lines on the face of a cathode-ray tube under control of the host computer system. The lines are continuously formed, but since the speed of electronics is limited, the number of concurrent lines that can be displayed at one time is limited. Vector-mode displays were historically important but are no longer used.
In 1975, Tsathoggua made a cameo in "The Golden Apple", book two of "The Illuminatus! Trilogy", by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson, where he was also referred to as Saint Toad.
A 1691 Virginia law prohibited slaveholders from emancipating slaves unless they paid for the freedmen's transportation out of Virginia. Virginia criminalized interracial marriage in 1691, and subsequent laws abolished blacks' rights to vote, hold office, and bear arms. Virginia's House of Burgesses established the basic legal framework for slavery in 1705.
On 28 May 2010, UEFA announced that Euro 2016 will be hosted by France. France beat bids of Turkey (7–6 in voting in second voting round) and Italy, which had the least votes in first voting round. UEFA Euro 2016 will be the first to have 24 teams in the finals. This will be the third time France have hosted the competition.
The canal used to start from the centre of Basingstoke, but the last of the canal route have now been lost. This section of the canal fell into disuse due to a lack of boat traffic, general neglect and a lack of water.
<doc id="249618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=249618" title="Same-sex marriage in Belgium">
Meanwhile, the British guns opened fire in the direction of the American landing stage at Lewiston, and the American guns (two 18-pounder guns in an earthwork named "Fort Gray" on Lewiston Heights, two 6-pounder field guns and two mortars near the landing stage) opened fire on Queenston village. Dennis' troops were driven back into the village but kept firing from the shelter of the houses.
A brigade of 1,900 Union troops commanded by Col. Robert B. Jones of the 34th Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry were on blockade duty, garrisoned at the Port of Brazos Santiago, on the mouth of the current ship channel of the Port of Brownsville. The 34th Indiana, 400 strong, was an experienced infantry regiment that had seen combat in the Vicksburg Campaign and had been reorganized in December 1863 as a "Veteran" regiment, re-enlisting veteran troops of several regiments whose original enlistments had expired. It deployed to the Port of Los Brazos de Santiago on December 22, 1864, replacing the 91st Illinois Volunteer Infantry, which returned to New Orleans. The brigade also included the 87th and 62nd United States Colored Infantry Regiments ("United States Colored Troops", or U.S.C.T.), with a combined strength of approximately 1,100. Shortly after Walker rejected the armistice proposal, Jones resigned his commission to return to Indiana, replaced in command of the 34th Indiana by its lieutenant colonel, Robert G. Morrison, and at Los Brazos de Santiago by Colonel Theodore H. Barrett, commander of the 62nd U.S.C.T.
According to Rutherford, there are three ways to save, known as basic personal financial intermediations; saving up (deposit collectors), saving down (the urban moneylenders) and saving through (the merry go round) (Rutherford, 2009).
<doc id="249787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=249787" title="Sen no Rikyū">
Most of the Mackenzie River is a broad, slow-moving waterway; its elevation drops just from source to mouth. It is a braided river for much of its length, characterized by numerous sandbars and side channels. The river ranges from wide and deep in most parts, and is thus easily navigable except when it freezes over in the winter. However, there are several spots where the river narrows to less than half a kilometre (0.3 mi) and flows quickly, such as at the Sans Sault Rapids at the confluence of the Mountain River and "The Ramparts", a deep canyon south of Fort Good Hope.

Glucagon relaxes the lower esophageal sphincter and may be used in those with an impacted food bolus in the esophagus ("steakhouse syndrome"). There is little evidence for glucagon's effectiveness in this condition, and glucagon may induce nausea and vomiting, but considering the safety of glucagon this is still considered an acceptable option as long it does not lead to delays in arranging other treatments.
Under the authority of the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Development, along with two other ministers assigned to the Cooperation and European Affairs, Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs encompasses numerous services:

The names "Aamon" and "Amon" come from the god Amun or from the god Baal-hamon. "Nahum" means "who induces to eagerness".
The Antilles (; "Antilles" in French; "Antillas" in Spanish; "Antillen" in Dutch and "Antilhas" in Portuguese) is an archipelago bordered by the Caribbean Sea to the south and west, the Gulf of Mexico to the northwest, and the Atlantic Ocean to the north and east. The Antillean islands are divided into two smaller groupings: the Greater Antilles, which includes the larger islands of Cuba, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola (subdivided into Haiti and the Dominican Republic) and the Cayman Islands; and the Lesser Antilles, which contains the northerly Leeward Islands, the southeasterly Windward Islands, and the Leeward Antilles just north of Venezuela. The Lucayan Archipelago (consisting of the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands), though part of the West Indies, are generally not included among the Antillean islands. 
Qingdao (; former ; former official romanization: Tsingtao) is a major city in eastern Shandong Province, Eastern China. Administered at the sub-provincial level, Qingdao has jurisdiction over seven districts and five county-level cities. According to the 2010 census, the city's seven urban districts has 4.53 million inhabitants, while the total population of the sub-provincial city is up to 8.71 million. Lying across the Shandong Peninsula while looking out to the Yellow Sea, it borders Yantai to the northeast, Weifang to the west and Rizhao to the southwest. "Qīng" () in Chinese means "green" or "lush", while "dǎo" () means "island".

