
In 1986, Krens first conceived of converting the recently closed Sprague Electric, Marshall Street plant in North Adams, Massachusetts into the world's largest contemporary art museum back when he was director of the Williams College Museum of Art, one of many tentative expansion projects that Krens launched or proposed when he came to the Guggenheim. Krens's conception came to fruition when the site became the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art (MASS MoCA) in 1999. He was not discouraged by those that did not get off the ground, and through persistence was able to see several huge projects to completion. The success of the expansion in Berlin came on the heels of the collapse of a proposed Guggenheim satellite in Salzburg, Austria, while at one time there were as many as three nascent projects in Venice.
Western Sydney Regional Organisation of Councils (WSROC) (pronounced 'wesrock') is one of the oldest Regional Organisations of Councils or ROCs in NSW, Australia. It was formed in November 1973 to represent the councils of Western Sydney and to advocate for the people of the region. Its current membership includes 11 of the 14 Greater Western Sydney councils, making it one of the largest NSW Regional Organisations of Councils
Evtimov was recruited by the legendary coach Dean Smith and was then caught in the transition to Coach Guthridge. Despite this, his sophomore year Evtimov lead his Tar Heel team in rebounds and points preseason until the NCAA deemed him to have had an unfair advantage by playing overseas for a professional team. He was given an 18 game suspension and returned to the team with 14 games left. Because of these circumstances, he decided to turn professional. He has played for teams in France, Greece, Italy, Spain, Slovenia, Russia, Ukraine and Cyprus over his ten-year professional career.
From 2012 to 2013, the stadium underwent a major renovation and expansion to accommodate the new Medford Rogues, who play in the West Coast League.
1960 - mid-1990s.
La Bouche de Jean-Pierre
Very little is known about the house's origins. Its builder, architect and original owners or inhabitants are unknown. It is, however, believed that the house and adjacent barn, a contributing resource to the National Register listing, were built around 1880. An Italianate overall form was combined with upper-level decoration that reflected the newer Renaissance Revival style.

Hardy Bucks is an Irish mockumentary television programme. It started out as a series of largely improvised online. A six-part webisode series went on to win the 2009 "Storyland" competition held by Irish national broadcaster RTÉ Television. Hardy Bucks is set in the fictional town of Castletown (Swinford) in West Ireland, following the misadventures of five hapless men down on their luck, trying to leave their backwards rural home town and attempt to reach America and sample modern civilization.
Photographs show that each rib forms a separate segmental right arch equal in width to three stretcher bricks (each nominally long), and offset from each of its neighbours by the width of six header bricks (each nominally 4½ inches (115 mm) wide), thus providing as a whole for a skew angle of approximately 45°. This method of construction was first proposed by British-born American architect Benjamin Henry Latrobe in 1802 and later championed by French civil engineer A. Boucher, and has the advantage of being one of the simpler ways of building a skew arch, but set against that it has received considerable criticism for being "weak, ugly and wasteful of materials".
Hasna Xhukiçi
Anna Abreu discography
<doc id="24410529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24410529" title="Najbolje godine">

The parish of Coombes existed, with the name "Cumbe", at the time of the Domesday Book in 1086, when it supported two manors and their associated settlements. Coombes was the larger at the time but neither it nor Applesham (the other hamlet) was significant. The settlements, high on the South Downs above the River Adur's floodplain, may have had their origins in a pair of Saxon-era estates. The Domeday Book recorded 31 people in Coombes and a further 16 in Applesham.


2. Radio Edit 3:0
