The town is divided into 12 villages and 1 community, the following areas: Baiyang Community, Yongxing Village, Kuixiping Village, Yanhuai Village, Jiaotang Village, Chenjiazhuang Village, Laowuxi Village, Huangshaxi Village, Lujiatian Village, Muliu Village, Yinxuan Village, Wuhan Village, and Xinlong Village (白羊社区、永兴村、奎溪坪村、言槐村、角塘村、陈家庄村、老屋溪村、黄沙溪村、卢家田村、木榴村、银玄村、雾寒村、新龙村).
Sall worked on the plan of Robert Boyle, whom he had met in England, for an Irish bible. William Bedell's translation of the Old Testament was in manuscript with Henry Jones, and there was another manuscript from Trinity College. Sall worked over the Bedell manuscript with Paul Higgins (Pól Ó hUiginn), another convert, now at Trinity. A new Irish font was cast, by Joseph Moxon in London. Sall had the help of an Irish scribe Denine, identified as Uilliam Ó Duinnín.
The school was established in 1974. In June 2013, the school was awarded "school of the week", when it was visited by John Schluter, weatherman of 7NEWS and an "animated sign" saying MP, the school's initials, welcomed him in the Channel 7 helicopter. The sign was featured on Channel 7 News. In 2011, Julia Gillard, the first lady prime minister visited the school to comfort the kids involved in the major Slacks Creek house fire. 




Burt Bachrach,
the Arabic translation of the book was shortlisted (one of 7) for the largest literary prize in existence, the Sheikh Zayed Book Prize (2011 – the first prize is worth $200,000.) 
Honda Crider
Legacy.
Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,661, in 1,030 families. The rural district has 13 villages.
H.R. 2449 would authorize the President to extend the term of the "Agreement for Cooperation between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Korea Concerning Civil Uses of Nuclear Energy" for a period not to exceed March 19, 2016.


<doc id="40551292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40551292" title="Janbahan">

Charles Ashe Windham
Monogynous vs. polygynous colonies.
History of the Council of State Neurosurgical Societies.
Career.
OII-USA advocates for human rights for intersex people in the United States via personal communication, public speaking, publishing, and lobbying. The organization provides peer support, news updates, information, and educational resources regarding intersex people, including the documents "Brief Guidelines for Intersex Allies" and "Your Beautiful Child: Information for Parents", a groundbreaking resource of information for parents including links to unbiased medical studies regarding "normalizing" genital surgeries and hormone treatments of intersex infants and minors .

In 1918 Merrheim became a supporter of Léon Jouhaux against the revolutionaries. He ended up on the right wing of the CGT.
6 March 1942 "K XII" fled Surabaya ahead of the invading Japanese forces taking with them the "Naval Commander of Surabaya" and his staff. The ship arrived there on 20 March.

Pool B.
During the budget, two trains between Howrah & Mumbai were chosen. It was initially intended to run as a point to point service however commercial stops were soon introduced on the service. Sixty percent seats of the train are reserved for students, low-income groups & people belonging to the age group of 18 - 45yrs. 
Since 1993, the stories of correspondents TSTRS with the logo "VoenTV" began to appear in news programs "News", "News ," " Today ," "Results ," as well as in the military program, Michael Leszczynski, "Polygon" on channel "Ostankino" .
Introduction.
Irtysh–Karamay–Ürümqi Canal
<doc id="40560700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40560700" title="Guneh Qarshu">
