The specific epithet, esculenta, means "edible" in Latin.
He fought Woolwich West in 1931 and Greenwich in 1935 without success before winning the Greenwich seat in the 1945 general election.
Karel Lambert wrote in 1967:
The Alfa Romeo 75 (Tipo 161, 162B), sold in North America as the Milano, is a compact executive car produced by the Italian automaker Alfa Romeo between 1985 and 1992. The 75 was commercially quite successful: in only three years, 236,907 cars were produced, and by the end of production in 1992, around 386,767 had been built.
In 1993, Weise's father "Baby Dash" Lussier married Roma Jean Ryan. Lussier, Jr. had worked for a time at the Chippewa Trading Post on the reservation and as a logger. On July 21, 1997, when Jeff was nine, his father committed suicide by shooting himself. He had been in a standoff with the Red Lake Police Department for some days in Red Lake. His father, Daryl "Dash" Lussier, Sr., a sergeant in the tribal police force, had tried to intervene but was unable to bring a peaceful end.
<doc id="1635452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1635452" title="Assas">
One controversial application of VAD is in conjunction with predictive dialers used by telemarketing firms. In order to maximize agent productivity, telemarketing firms set up predictive dialers to call more numbers than they have agents available, knowing most calls will end up in either “Ring – No Answer” or answering machines. When a person answers, they typically speak briefly (“"Hello"”, “"Good evening"”, etc.) and then there is a brief period of silence. Answering machine messages usually contain 3–15 seconds of continuous speech. By setting VAD parameters correctly, dialers can determine whether a person or a machine answered the call, and if it's a person, transfer the call to an available agent. If it detects an answering machine, the dialer hangs up. Often, the system correctly detects a person answering the call, but no agent is available. This leaves the called party frustratedly repeating “Hello? Hello?” into the phone, and when combined with the volume of agents that did get through, created the impetus to develop “Do Not Call” lists across the US.
In 2006, he released his third solo album, "Songs from Before", which features Robert Wyatt reading texts by Haruki Murakami.

Jacques Claude Demogeot
Most Type 57s used a twin-cam 3,257 cc engine based on that of the Type 49 but heavily modified by Jean Bugatti. Unlike the chain-drive twin-cam engines of the Type 50 and 51, the 57's engine used gears to transmit power from the crankshaft.

It is also possible to construct a ring interferometer that is self-contained, based on a completely different arrangement. This is called a ring laser or ring laser gyroscope. The light is generated and sustained by incorporating laser excitation in the path of the light.
All fixed commemorations below celebrated on Oct. 11 by Orthodox Churches on the Old Calendar
On February 8, 2007, Reiner signed a 10-day contract with the Milwaukee Bucks, being signed until the end of the season on March 1. 

Digital television.
The San Diego area's third-oldest television station first went on the air on September 13, 1953 as NBC affiliate KFSD-TV. The station's original owner was Airfan Radio Corporation, which also owned NBC Radio Network affiliate KFSD (600 AM, now KOGO). Under terms of the initial construction permit award, Airfan sold one-third ownership of the stations to two other firms who competed separately for channel 10. In 1954 the KFSD stations were purchased by investment firm, Fox, Wells & Rogers. The publishers of "Newsweek" magazine took a minority (about 46 percent) share of the stations in 1957, four years before the periodical was itself sold to the Washington Post Company. In 1961, channel 10 changed its call letters to KOGO-TV; the radio stations also adopted the KOGO callsign. 
The episode was written by Jon Vitti and directed by Carlos Baeza. Musician Sting guest starred in the episode as himself, though the producers originally approached Bruce Springsteen to appear. The episode features cultural references to charity singles such as "We Are the World". Since airing, "Radio Bart" has received mostly positive reviews from television critics. It acquired a Nielsen rating of 14.1 and was the highest-rated show on the Fox network the week it aired. It was nominated for an Emmy Award, but lost to "A Claymation Easter".
