The slender suckerfish or lousefish, Phtheirichthys lineatus, is a rare species of remora found around the world in tropical and subtropical seas.

Kinocilia are found on the apical surface of hair cells and are involved in both the morphogenesis of the hair bundle and mechanotransduction. Vibrations (either by movement or sound waves) cause displacement of the hair bundle, resulting in depolarization or hyperpolarization of the hair cell. The depolarization of the hair cells in both instances causes signal transduction via neurotransmitter release.
Wilshire Center is zoned to the Los Angeles Unified School District. All areas are zoned to Los Angeles High School.
While still in his teens, he was the drummer in Los Estudiantes, and in 1965 he formed the very successful pop band Los Brincos (often seen as the "Spanish Beatles") in which he also played drums. After that group split in the late 1960s, Arbex formed the progressive Latin rock trio Alacran with Iñaki Egaña and Oscar Lasprilla. When Lasprilla left the band and moved to England, Arbex and Egaña founded the Latin disco and rock-orientated Barrabás, who went on to considerable European success throughout the 1970s. Their most successful hit single "Woman" found its way on to the charts in the United States.
Today there are 22 houses, with four families. There are no schools, stores, medics, police, etc. Residents dispose of their own garbage and have private water sources. There was an Anglican church, with services once a month.
"Sopa de caracol" (conch soup) is one of the most representative dishes of the Honduran cuisine. This soup was made famous throughout Latin America because of a catchy song from Banda Blanca called "Sopa de Caracol." The conch is cooked in coconut milk and the conch's broth, with spices, yuca (cassava), cilantro, and green bananas known as guineo verde. Other varieties including crab, fish or shrimp are known as Sopa Marinera.
The pectoral fascia is a thin lamina, covering the surface of the pectoralis major, and sending numerous prolongations between its fasciculi: it is attached, in the middle line, to the front of the sternum; above, to the clavicle; laterally and below it is continuous with the fascia of the shoulder, axilla, and thorax. 
From 1987 through 1996, Carreon played for the New York Mets (1987–1991), Detroit Tigers (1992), San Francisco Giants (1993–1996) and Cleveland Indians (1996). He also played two seasons in Japan for the Chiba Lotte Marines in 1997 and 1998. Mark is the son of former major league catcher Cam Carreon.
After posting a 6-8 record for the Orioles in 1992, Milacki became a free agent. He pitched a combined 22 games with the Indians, Royals, and Mariners through the 1996 season. In 1997, he pitched in six games for the Kintetsu Buffaloes in Japan.
Tamiment Library.
Sights.
Ethnic groups.
Miluska Willems won the title Miss Photogenic / Miss Caribbean Tourism Queen Pagent 2012.
