Following continued civil disturbances, on 30 December 1998 he declared a state of emergency, suspending all civil liberties and imposing a dusk-to-dawn curfew.

<doc id="27321206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27321206" title="Moses Montefiore Congregation">
At the northeast and southeast of Köyceğiz Lake there are plains, whereas other parts are surrounded by hills. The highest of these are Ölemez Mountain (937 meter) in the southwest, and Bozburun Tepesi (556 meter) in the south. In the lake there are five uninhabited islands, one of them known as" Hapishane Adası", Prison Island. Initially the island was used for military purposes, then turned into a prison island. It is no longer in use as such and deserted.
"Slangman's World" is a live-action/animation children's program that introduces children ages 2–11 to the world of foreign languages and cultures in an environment of music, puppetry, animation, and magic. Slangman, the show's host, played by David Burke, a high-energy, unpredictable wizard and wordsmith, invites a studio audience of children into his enchanted multicultural world where his animated costars Wordy, Gizma, Blue Cat, Crash, and Cloudy help children broaden their language skills and their view of the world.
Ban on drilling wells.
The Yorkshire Dales Rivers Trust was formed in 2004 with a remit to improve, restore and conserve the rivers Swale, Ure, Wharfe and Nidd whose headwaters lie within the Yorkshire Dales National Park and the Nidderdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The trust is a member of the Association of Rivers Trusts which set up as a charity in 2001 to represent member trusts and assist them with conserving river catchments across England and Wales.
Notes.
A hurricane was first observed northeast of the Bahamas on August 16. Its intensity remained steady at before it apparently dissipated while tracking parallel to the coast of Nova Scotia on August 19.
<doc id="27326252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27326252" title="Peng Shaoxiong">
The given name "Bryan" is a variant of the given name "Brian". This name is thought to be derived from an Old Celtic language word meaning "high", or "noble".
David Byrd was born April 4, 1941, in what is now Cleveland, Tennessee, and was raised in Miami Beach, Florida. David has lived in the Los Angeles area since the 1980s. In 1985 David began Byrd/Beserra Studios, with his partner Jolino Beserra.
The messages composed by the user will be encrypted with recipient's public key and will land up in the inbox of SecMsg. This message can be decrypted with the intended recipient's private key only.Fig.1
Oil recovery.
Universidad Católica, winners of the 1990 Serie B E1, were promoted to the Serie A for this stage.
History.
2002 Karl Schäfer Memorial
HoPWF Tag Team Championship

