Dao, Elias. Cronicas y Portenos. 1967
Montgomery House is now owned by the Montour County Historical Society and is open for seasonal tours on Sunday afternoons.


Fox Radio
Negreşti is a town in Vaslui County, Romania.
<doc id="24818334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24818334" title="B.R.A.K.E.S.">

Contact was Freda Payne's fourth American released album and her second for Invictus Records. The majority of the material on this album contains sad themes, with the exception of "You Brought the Joy." The album begins with a dramatic 11-minute medley of "I'm Not Getting Any Better" and "Suddenly It's Yesterday," both of which were written by Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier. Some people thought that Holland and Dozier were trying to compete with Diana Ross's hit "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" as both songs contain spoken segments and dramatic musical arrangements. The only cover song is "He's in My Life", which was an album track by The Glass House featuring Freda's sister Scherrie Payne. It was written by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier and Eddie Holland (under their common pseudonym "Edythe Wayne" to avoid copyright claims by their former employer Motown), jointly with Ron Dunbar.
Khalfani-Cox is a two-time recipient of the Dow Jones International News Award (in 1996 and 1998) for her reporting of financial scams and Wall Street trends.
In 1998, she won the Girls U16/U15 National Beach Championship, playing with Tawny Schulte.
Misau is a Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Misau.
<doc id="24822514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24822514" title="Ushongo">
<doc id="24822799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24822799" title="Hawul">
Samburu East Constituency


Colombia is a country in north-western South America. Colombia is bordered by Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, Panama and the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean. With a population of over 45 million people, Colombia has the second largest population in South America, after Brazil. The capital is Bogotá.
Despite being born and raised in England, Collins is also eligible to represent the Republic of Ireland at international level. He has represented Ireland at under-19 and under-21 levels. On 11 October 2011, Collins scored his first hat-trick of his international career, as Republic of Ireland under-21 beat Liechtenstein U-21, with a score 4–1. Upon a move to Hibernian, Collins hoped that his performances would get him a call up to the senior squad.
As seen on youtube.com under tobyMacmusic, Tobymac had the following to say about the meaning of the song; "'City on our Knees' is really about a moment. A moment that we all come together. Where our differences fall by the wayside. And it’s really a reminder that that moment could be right now, tonight." 
In 2011, "Turbo Missions'" name was changed to "N-Tek Adventures."
Stanley Okoro
"Somewhere"



