After becoming a popular downloaded act, the band signed to EMI and re-issued their debut album, "Just Another Day". In 2007, their second album, "Wiredaisies", was released on the same label.
Since the outset of the Bosnian War, HOS and HVO competed for power and influence. HOS played an important role in the liberation of Mostar, Čapljina, Neum and Stolac. By the end of July 1992, within one day about 700 HVO members joined the ranks of HOS in Čapljina. Similar crossings occurred in Tomislavgrad, Livno and Mostar. In the summer of 1992, the HVO started to purge its Bosniak members. At the same time armed incidents started to occur among Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina between the HVO and the HOS. The HOS was loyal to the Bosnian government and accepted subordination to the Staff of the ARBiH of which Kraljević was appointed a member. On 9 August, Kraljević and eight of his staff were assassinated by HVO soldiers under the command of Mladen Naletilić, who supported a split between Croat and Bosniaks, after Kraljević's HOS attacked the VRS near Trebinje. The HOS's advance into eastern Herzegovina and occupation of Trebinje angered Boban who had affirmed to Karadžić that Croat forces were uninterested in the region.
The Norwegian monarch is the monarchical head of state of Norway, which is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy with a parliamentary system. The Norwegian monarchy can trace its line back to the reign of Harald Fairhair and the previous petty kingdoms which were united to form Norway; it has been in unions with both Sweden and Denmark for long periods.
Awards.
Oud-Wulven was originally a "heerlijkheid" (fiefdom). In 1545 it was combined with the neighbouring "heerlijkheid" Waaijen. "Oud-Wulven en Waaijen" remained a separate entity until 1811, when it merged into Houten. This didn't last long: in 1818 they were combined with the "heerlijkheden" Wulven, Heemstede, Grote Koppel, Kleine Koppel, Maarschalkerweerd, and Slagmaat to a single municipality called "Oud-Wulven.
2009 movie.

Orangi Pilot Project – Orangi Charitable Trust (OPP – OCT).
Since its release, "Sound of the Underground" has been included on each of Girls Aloud's tours. The track was included as the encore to their 2005 tour What Will the Neighbours Say? Live. The performance included a dance break and ended with an explosion of pyrotechnics. For 2006's Chemistry Tour, the song was accompanied by new choreography involving chairs, while 2007's saw the group in black-and-white variations on a suit. The song was slightly remixed for 2008's Tangled Up Tour, during which Girls Aloud performed it in the first section alongside male dancers. "Sound of the Underground" was also included on 2009's Out of Control Tour; flames burst out of the stage as the group sang and danced. The song was again included on the band's 2013 reunion tour, Ten - The Hits Tour 2013. It was performed as the opening song as the band came down onto the stage on a huge sign reading the band's name.
Udzungwa Mountains
Naturally, Marjanović continued as a mere extension of Slobodan Milošević who at this time held the post of President of Yugoslavia. Here's how sources from the top levels of Milošević's Socialist Party of Serbia described Marjanović's government modus operandi in "Evropljanin" magazine: "Prime Minister Marjanovic suggests something - ministers do not vote - and then Marjanović simply concludes the matter as agreed on. Of course Marjanovic neither suggest nor concludes anything without first consulting Milošević". ("Evropljanin" issue #13, 19 October 1998, p. 15)


