
Discoveries (Cannonball Adderley album)

Sékou Touré (1 May 1934 – 2003) was an Ivorian professional footballer who played as a striker. Touré played in Côte d'Ivoire for ASEC and Africa Sports, before playing in France between 1958 and 1966 for Olympique Alès, Nîmes Olympique, Nice, Sochaux, US Forbach, Grenoble, Dieppe, Montpellier and AS Béziers. Touré was the Ligue 1 topscorer in the 1961-62 season, scoring 25 goals.
The film was produced by Canadian film producer, actor, and bodybuilder, Sebastian MacLean, along with director, Kirk Pennell. It has been aired in over 116 countries, through affiliate networks associated with Al Jazeera English, via a program slot known as 'Witness'. Other networks that aired the program have included CBC Country Canada and New Zealand's Sky TV. It also currently circulates for free on the internet.
With Catholicism spreading to the New World, Rose of Lima, the first Catholic saint of the Americas was born in Peru in 1586, and became known for her piety. St Kateri Tekakwitha was born around 1656 in the Mohawk village of Ossernenon, Canada. Canonised as the first Native American saint in 2012, Takakwitha lived at a time of conflict between the Mohawks and French colonists, lost her family and was scarred by smallpox before converting to Catholicism, leading to persecution from her tribesmen. She became known for her piety and charity and after her death, by 1774, was being written of as the "Protectress of Canada". That same year, Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton was born in New York. She would become the first saint born in the newly declared United States of America. A Catholic convert, she was attracted to the spirituality of St. Vincent de Paul and founded a religious community dedicated to the care of the children of the poor - the first congregation of religious sisters founded in the US.
Krivi Vrh () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia.
He returned to pre-season training at Stockport County at the start of the 2010–11 season, after the club came out of administration. and appeared in a couple of their friendlies, but was released before the season started. Rigby spent some time playing in Belgium, but became homesick and went on to sign for Chorley.
