Mosier began competing in triathlon in 2009 as female. In 2010, Mosier publicly self-identified as a transgender man in a leading American gay magazine, The Advocate, after competing in his first race as male. In 2011, Mosier was featured in The New York Times prior to competing in the Nautica New York City Triathlon, a race he competed in two years prior as female.
Destinations served by charter flights designated with the ICAO code YAP in the 2012 summer season.
We'll shoot them ivry one, man!
<doc id="34829962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34829962" title="Ivana Rudelic">
Harmony By Karate emerged from traditional Shorinjiryu Karatedo, a system involving both hard and soft movements, and known as the Shaolin Temple Style. Founded by karate master Kori Hisataka, this system was designed to move away from the physical and philosophical rigidity of its Okinawan predecessors, and to focus on fluidity and individuality. Advocating a motto of “Individuality in body, mind, and spirit,” Hisataka aimed to identify the strong connection of the physical and the metaphysical as the pinnacle of martial arts training; in many ways, he accomplished this goal and forged a new path for the practice of karatedo, whose emphasis was on empowering and freeing the karateka (student) to adapt standard movements and philosophies to his or her own body, mind, and spirit.
__TOC__
Ingeborg of Sweden (1263–1292)
Her parents divorced when she was an infant and Arbaş grew up in Southern California with Dehl Berti, his second wife and two half brothers. She had dual U.S. and Turkish citizenship and split her time between both countries. In Los Angeles, Arbaş, who starred in seven movies, was a member of the Screen Actors Guild.

Miss Ethel McCollough, for whom the McCollough Branch is named, became head librarian during the 1920s. She provided the leadership which brought great improvements to the Evansville library system. In 1922 she and the library commissioned a neighborhood survey that sent a citizen's advisory committee out on several hundred home visits. Historians have described the Evansville survey as "exceptional for its time", because it relied neither on impressionistic observations nor on indirect sources like circulation records.
<doc id="34836064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34836064" title="Anti-Monopoly Committee (Ukraine)">
Weston was born in 1954 and grew up in the Sand County region of southwestern Wisconsin, country identified with the conservationist Aldo Leopold (in his Sand County Almanac) and the architect and visionary Frank Lloyd Wright, a strong influence on his father's family. He is a 1976 Honors graduate of Macalester College, and received his PhD in Philosophy in 1982 from the University of Michigan, where he wrote his PhD dissertation with Frithjof Bergmann on "The Subjectivity of Values". He taught at the State University of New York at Stony Brook for ten years, and subsequently in Philosophy and Environmental Studies at Elon University, where he has won the University's premiere awards for both teaching and scholarship, as well as abroad in Costa Rica, Western Australia, and British Columbia.
It is a leading member of the largest independent humanitarian organization in the world, the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement.
<doc id="34838888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34838888" title="Shades Mountain">
Usually, the accumulated tips are divided among all of the workers during the shift.
Young was born in Blyth, South Australia and represented Stanley in the House of Assembly from 3 May 1902 to 26 May 1905. He later represented Wooroora from 13 February 1909 to 26 March 1915. From 17 February 1912 until 19 November 1914, Young was Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration for South Australia.
The "Sports Business Journal" has calculated that the combined average annual fee will be around US$90 million per season, which is five times the size of the $18 million the league had received up until that point. 
