In an equilibrium state there are no unbalanced potentials, or driving forces, within the system. A central aim in equilibrium thermodynamics is: given a system in a well-defined initial state, subject to accurately specified constraints, to calculate what the state of the system will be once it has reached equilibrium. An equilibrium state is obtained by seeking the extrema of a thermodynamic potential function, whose nature depends on the constraints imposed on the system. For example, a chemical reaction at constant temperature and pressure will reach equilibrium at a minimum of its components' Gibbs free energy and a maximum of their entropy.


The Eparchy of upper Karlovac (, ) is an eparchy of the Serbian Orthodox Church seated in the city of Karlovac, Croatia. It covers the area of Banovina, Kordun, Lika, Krbava, Gorski Kotar, as well as northern Croatia and Istria.

SAPO (Portuguese for toad), Servidor de Apontadores Portugueses, is a brand and subsidiary company of the Portugal Telecom Group. It is a Portuguese internet service provider that started as a search engine when founded in 1995.
Shalu, who has long craved her mother's love, decides to sacrifice Dev in order to make her mother and sister happy. When Dev learns of this situation from Shalu, he is confused and dismayed, but agrees to marry Nimmi in order to make Shalu happy. When Nimmi notices that something is wrong with Shalu, Shalu deflects the question by saying that she has fallen in love with Samir (Jimmy Shergill), her childhood friend who has been in love with her for years.
The return of Ricky Williams the next week could not prevent the injury-hobbled Saints from losing to the Minnesota Vikings. Despite the 34-16 loss, the 2000 season was viewed as an overwhelming success by the fans and the media. Haslett and Mueller were recognized by the NFL as Coach of the Year and Executive of the Year, respectively. Five Saints were selected to the Pro Bowl: Horn, left tackle Willie Roaf, defensive linemen Joe Johnson and La'Roi Glover, and linebacker Keith Mitchell. Horn set a franchise record with 1,340 receiving yards and emerged as a playmaker and tenacious possession receiver. Despite his injury, Williams rushed for 1,000 yards and eight touchdowns in 10 games.
In a 1780 letter to David Dalrymple, Horace Walpole gave a lengthy description of Blackburne:
<doc id="2748936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2748936" title="Court of Claims (United Kingdom)">
Windsor was selected for two British Lions tours. He played in all the tests on the tour of South Africa in 1974, and helped the Lions forwards dominate the Springboks. On the later tour of New Zealand in 1977 he played only in the first test and did not recapture his form in South Africa.
Midway through the text, the writer switches to a first-person narrative in the voice of Cyrus, addressing the reader directly. A list of his titles is given (in a Mesopotamian rather than Persian style): "I am Cyrus, king of the world, great king, powerful king, king of Babylon, king of Sumer and Akkad, king of the four quarters the earth, son of Cambyses, great king, king of Anshan, descendent of Teispes, great king, king of Anshan, the perpetual seed of kingship, whose reign Bel and Nebo love, and with whose kingship, to their joy, they concern themselves." He describes the pious deeds he performed after his conquest: he restored peace to Babylon and the other cities sacred to Marduk, freeing their inhabitants from their "yoke," and he "brought relief to their dilapidated housing (thus) putting an end to their (main) complaints." He repaired the ruined temples in the cities he conquered, restored their cults, and returned their sacred images as well as their former inhabitants which Narbonidus had taken to Babylon. Near the end of the inscription Cyrus highlights his restoration of Babylon's city wall, saying: "I saw within it an inscription of Ashurbanipal, a king who preceded me." The remainder is missing but presumably describes Cyrus's rededication of the gateway mentioned.

Alice Wu was born on April 21, 1970 and raised in San Jose, California, eventually moving to Los Altos, California where she graduated from Los Altos High School at the age of 16. She received her B.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1990, and her Master's degree in Computer Science from Stanford in 1992. Before becoming a filmmaker, Wu worked as a software engineer for Microsoft in Seattle. She then left the corporate world to pursue a filmmaking career full-time.
The bdellium referred to by Dioscorides as "the bdellium imported from Petra" ("De Materia Medica", 1:80) is probably the resin of "Hyphaene thebaica", a species of palm. The Arabs call it "Jewish bdellium."
