Elfquest was first published in the short-lived "Fantasy Quarterly" anthology in 1978; after one appearance there, it was published as a stand-alone series which began with issue 2. (The FQ material was later republished as issue 1). Since then it has branched into multiple titles, many of which were re-absorbed into a single title which ran from 1996-1999. Since then Warp Graphics, after publishing a few single issues and graphic novels, has signed over publishing rights to DC Comics. They publish reprints in manga-like graphic novel format, as well as new material. In 2003 DC Comics also began re-releasing the original collections in re-colored hardcover format. These are considered to be "the definitive version" of the books by the authors themselves.
<doc id="1628681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1628681" title="Sailendra">
As the war progressed, the duumvirate increasingly dominated decision making on the German war effort to an extent that they are sometimes described as de facto military dictators, supplanting the Emperor and Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg, whom they managed to have replaced in the summer of 1917.
Episcopalian establishment.
<doc id="1629175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1629175" title="G.D. Estoril Praia">
In 443 BC the Volscians laid siege to Ardea. The siege was soon broken by Roman troops under the leadership of Marcus Geganius Macerinus.
Specimen (band)
The song held the #1 position on the "Billboard" Pop Singles Chart for five weeks from October 17 to November 14, replacing "Cracklin' Rosie" by Neil Diamond; it was succeeded by "I Think I Love You" by The Partridge Family. "I'll Be There" was also a #1 hit on the "Billboard" Black Singles Chart for six weeks, and a #4 hit in the United Kingdom. The single's B-side was "One More Chance", a song from their second album.
He is buried in the H-11 Graveyard of Islamabad.
In 1999 he was granted the Palestine Award for Music. In turn, he contributed the financial portion of the award to the National Conservatory of Music at Birzeit University in Palestine. In 2005, Khalife was named UNESCO Artist for Peace.
Upon finishing his musical instruction, Alers went to play for various national and international bands and Symphony Orchestras. Eventually, he formed his own band and recorded the Puerto Rican danzas composed by Juan Morel Campos, Manuel Gregorio Tavárez and Ángel Mislan.
