So Wa Wai (; born October 6, 1981) is an athlete from Hong Kong who has competed in the Paralympic Games on four occasions, winning 11 medals.

Nancy Fabiola Herrera is a Spanish mezzo-soprano opera singer. Born in Venezuela to Canarian parents, Herrera is the recipient of the "Best Zarzuela Singer of 2007" award presented by the Fundación Premios Liricos Teatro Campoamor, for her performance in Ruperto Chapí's "La Bruja".
→Information design
is defined for all real "x" and equals the greatest integer not exceeding "x". By the transfer principle of non-standard analysis, there exists a natural extension: 

Billy Dixon (footballer) (born 12 February 1941 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a forward.

<doc id="19328557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19328557" title="The Stimulators (disambiguation)">
Role in decision theory.
The well-known quote by Brutus calling down a curse upon Mark Antony was also taken from the memoirs of Volumnius:

From 1941 to 1942 he served with the Federal Malay States Volunteers. From 1942 to 1947 he worked as entomologist at the Middle East Anti Locust Unit in Sudan, Saudi Arabia and Oman. From 1947 to 1949 he was senior assistant game warden in Kenya. From 1949 to 1964 he worked as Senior Scientific Officer at the Anti-Locust Research Centre in Abercorn, Northern Rhodesia. .
Mane joined the World Health Organization’s Global Programme on AIDS in 1994, moving to UNAIDS at its inception in 1996, where she provided oversight to the area of behavioural sciences research and gender and AIDS. She also managed the Executive Office.
The Arabian angelfish ("Pomacanthus asfur") is a fish well known for its use in saltwater aquariums, even though it tends to be a shyer specimen compared to the other, sometimes aggressive, angelfish.
Dennis Clark (Drums, Lead Vocals)<br>
Themes.
By April 22, 1945, the Red Army was entering Berlin and the Goebbels brought their children into the Vorbunker, that was connected to the lower Führerbunker under the Reich Chancellery gardens. Adolf Hitler and a few personnel were staying in the Führerbunker to direct the final defence of Berlin. Red Cross leader Karl Gebhardt wanted to take the children out of the city with him, but was dismissed.

Before joining Hudson Street Media, Will worked as the communications director for the national non-profit Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, a communications advisor to John Lynch, and a reporter covering presidential campaigns for a daily newspaper in New Hampshire.
"Gypsys, Tramps & Thieves" is the first single released by Cher for the album of the same name, her seventh solo album. It was her first chart-topper as a solo artist in the United States. The single was certified Gold by the RIAA for the sales of over 1 million copies.

History.
