Simon's appointment was made possible by a consensus among the clergy, religious leaders, traditional aristocratic families and esteemed elders. To emphasize popular legitimacy and support for his appointment, Simon established a grand tribunal which would later be known as the Great Sanhedrin. The Hasmonean leader was at once the high priest (despite not being thought to be of the Zadok family), the supreme military leader as well as the "Nasi" of the Jews. For the first time, both religious and political leadership rested with one man.
Approximately 76 academic, 88 general and about 600 conjoint academic staff conduct research, teach into or support the medical and health education programs across 45 disciplines of Medicine within the School.
Library.

Classically trained, Rankin played cello at school and was granted a Scottish Region Music Scholarship in 1971, but preferred rock music to classical as he said in an interview, 'I was probably earning more than my cello teacher and learning more than he could ever teach me just by being in a rock band.' His first band Phase played the Scottish pub circuit when he was only 15 years old and, in 1978, he joined Zal Cleminson's Zal Band, featuring members of The Sensational Alex Harvey Band.
Katie Anderton (born 16 September 1983) is an English football striker. Born in Preston, she spent several years with Blackburn Rovers Ladies before joining FA WSL club Doncaster Rovers Belles. After failing to make an appearance for Doncaster, Anderton returned to Blackburn in October 2011. She has represented England at junior level.
On October 22, 1899 a sports weekly printed in Barcelona, "Los Deportes", published an advert in which Hans Gamper, a 21 year-old German-speaking Swiss, called for soccer fans.
On 5 November 2009, a Commission of Inquiry into the oil leak was announced. The inquiry, led by David Borthwick, had nearly all the powers of a Royal Commission. The report was to be presented by the end of April 2010; the commission delayed their report, however, until 18 June to further examine the causes and effects of the spill.


On the economic side, structural shifts from agricultural to industrial bases have necessitated movements to an urban setting for much of the population. Between 1983 and 2003, the percentage of Honduras’ population employed in agriculture declined from 43% to 34%. This has increased pressure on water supplies and decreased the quality of treatment. Tegucigalpa also struggles with costly inefficiencies across its water resources, stormwater management, sanitation and solid waste services. A recent World Bank estimate has shown that the total economic cost to the city to exceeds US$60 million per year. 
