It is likely that Usingen was granted town rights in the 14th century.


<doc id="1397435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1397435" title="Chris Woodhead">
Plush foyers, a striking facade and the integration of advanced technology systems have resulted in the structure being described as one of the most iconic in Australia.
<doc id="1397700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1397700" title="Rectilinear propagation">
After the front stabilized, the German Army tied down enormous amounts of manpower in holding salients from which they did not intend to exploit. This reduced the amount of manpower the Germans could devote to operations elsewhere on the front. The Germans also used some of their best formations, such as 9th Army, in a strictly static defensive role. The Rzhev salient had value and tied down disproportionate numbers of Soviet troops, but it is unclear if the salient was worth the loss of around 20 high quality divisions for offensive or defensive operations elsewhere in 1942.
Sigurður has used a variety of techniques to preserve the penises, including preservation in formaldehyde, pickling, drying, stuffing and salting. One particularly large penis taken from a bull has been converted into a walking stick. Many of the museum's exhibits are illuminated by lamps made by Sigurður from rams' testicles. Sigurður has also carved wooden phalluses, which can be found adorning various objects around the museum, and has a bow tie decorated with images of phalluses that he wears on special occasions.
In 1867, physician Theophilus Turner near Fort Wallace in Kansas uncovered a plesiosaur skeleton, which he donated to Cope. Cope attempted to reconstruct the animal on the assumption that the longer extremity of the vertebral column was the tail, the shorter one the neck. He soon noticed that the skeleton taking shape under his hands had some very special qualities: the neck vertebrae had chevrons and with the tail vertebrae the joint surfaces were orientated back to front. Excited, Cope concluded to have discovered an entirely new group of reptiles: the Streptosauria or "Turned Saurians", which would be distinguished by reversed vertebrae and a lack of hindlimbs, the tail providing the main propulsion. After having published a description of this animal, followed by an illustration in a text book about reptiles and amphibians, Cope invited Marsh and Joseph Leidy to admire his new "Elasmosaurus platyurus". Having listened to Cope's interpretation for a while, Marsh suggested that a simpler explanation of the strange build would be that Cope had reversed the vertebral column relative to the body as a whole. When Cope reacted indignantly to this suggestion, Leidy silently took the skull and placed it against the presumed last tail vertebra to which it fitted perfectly: it was in fact the first neck vertebra, with still a piece of the rear skull attached to it. Mortified, Cope tried to destroy the entire edition of the text book and, when this failed, immediately published an improved edition with a correct illustration but an identical date of publication. He excused his mistake by claiming that he had been misled by Leidy himself, who, describing a specimen of "Cimoliasaurus", had also reversed the vertebral column. Marsh later claimed that the affair was the cause of his rivalry with Cope: "he has since been my bitter enemy". Both Cope and Marsh in their rivalry named many plesiosaur genera and species, most of which are today considered invalid.
Some opponents of net neutrality argue that prioritization of bandwidth is necessary for future innovation on the Internet. Telecommunications providers such as telephone and cable companies, and some technology companies that supply networking gear, argue telecom providers should have the ability to provide preferential treatment in the form of tiered services, for example by giving online companies willing to pay the ability to transfer their data packets faster than other Internet traffic. The added revenue from such services could be used to pay for the building of increased broadband access to more consumers. Opponents to net neutrality have also argued that net neutrality regulation would have adverse consequences for innovation and competition in the market for broadband access by making it more difficult for Internet service providers (ISPs) and other network operators to recoup their investments in broadband networks. John Thorne, senior vice president and deputy general counsel of Verizon, a broadband and telecommunications company, has argued that they will have no incentive to make large investments to develop advanced fibre-optic networks if they are prohibited from charging higher preferred access fees to companies that wish to take advantage of the expanded capabilities of such networks. Thorne and other ISPs have accused Google and Skype of freeloading or free riding for using a network of lines and cables the phone company spent billions of dollars to build.
<doc id="1398246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1398246" title="Kolam">
Thomas Pell died in 1669. Having no children, he left his estate to a nephew, John Pell, son of his brother of the same name. The nephew traveled from England to New York and took up residence at Pelham Manor.
Crime Story (film)
Sealy is also a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national team.
In Japan, Fujitec's “Big Wing” facility houses a 560-foot research tower, the tallest of its kind in the world. This facility is focused on developing cutting-edge technologies and integrating all phases of product development, design and manufacturing. Fujitec's research and development facility in China is located in the Song Jiang Industrial Zone in Shanghai and is approximately 150,000 m2 (1.6 million sq. ft). This space is utilized for parts and components procurement. Fujitec America continues to utilize the landmark, blue-capped 220-foot elevator research/test tower located near its U.S. headquarters in Mason, Ohio.
Etymology.
In the first two years following its publication, over 70,000 hardback copies of "The Kite Runner" were sold along with 1,250,000 paperback copies. Though the book sold well in hardback, ""Kite Runner's" popularity didn't really begin to soar until when the paperback edition came out, which is when book clubs began picking it up." It started appearing on best seller lists in September 2004 and became a number one "New York Times" best seller in March 2005, maintaining its place on the list for two years. By the publication of Khaled Hosseini's third novel in 2013, over seven million copies had been sold in the United States. The book received the South African Boeke Prize in 2004. It was voted the Reading Group Book of the Year for 2006 and 2007 and headed a list of 60 titles submitted by entrants to the Penguin/Orange Reading Group prize (UK).
During the building of the tower, Armstrong developed another system using weighted accumulators, which at once was found to have great advantages. The working hydraulic pressure was greater, permitting more compact and cheaper machinery and everything was at ground level. The first such installation was at New Holland dock and pier, actually brought into use more than a year before the Grimsby system.
Early years.
United States of America.
Designs.
Other screen types.
Plot summary.
National team.
The Quagmire sapphires are very rare and valuable jewels. They are left unharmed in the fire that destroyed the Quagmire mansion. Since the disappearance of the Quagmire siblings, taken by the Great Unknown, the sapphires are either retrieved or deliberately destroyed.
Two major contributions to ancient Egyptian philology by Gardiner are his famous three editions of "" and its correlated list of all the Middle Egyptian hieroglyphs in "Gardiner's Sign List". Publishing "Egyptian Grammar" produced one of the few available hieroglyphic printing fonts.
The plant is named after A. F. G. Kerr, who collected the type specimen in Laos in 1932.
The airfield support groups at Bergstrom (identified as AAF Base Units) provided all the support functions necessary for the administration and operation of the airfield. During the war these were designated as:
The biennial exhibition, "The Unexpected Guest", comprised 62 international artists, and the Cunard Building was used as a venue for the first time.
Each season consists of upwards of 12 event weekends and between 14-16 rounds or races. Each round or race uses a standing start, as opposed to a rolling start as seen in other sports car racing series (except for a number of TC, TCA and TCB 2014 races, that will start with a rolling start). Each race has a maximum 50 minute time limit. In 2014, GT and GTS teams will begin the season at St. Petersburg (March 28–30) and compete across nine event weekends and 16 total races or rounds. TC, TCA and TCB teams will begin the season at Barber Motorsports Park and compete across seven event weekends and 14 total races or rounds.
Academics.
Rolling Meadows High School offers 28 Advanced Placement courses. In 2012, 38% of students were enrolled in an AP course, up from 21% in 2010. Despite the large increase in AP enrollment, the AP Exam Pass Rate has remained at 70%.
Current on-air staff.

Life and career.
Douglas was selected the 10th overall pick by the Orlando Miracle in the 2001 WNBA Draft. She remained with the franchise even when the Miracle relocated to Uncasville, Connecticut, and was renamed the Connecticut Sun prior to the 2003 season. Following the 2005 WNBA season, Douglas was named to the WNBA All-Defensive First Team. In 2006, she was named Most Valuable Player of the 2006 WNBA All-Star Game.
Retirement.
