Baron Beaumont is an ancient title in the Peerage of England, created in 1309 for a younger part of the "de Brienne"-family. The sixth Baron Beaumont was created Viscount Beaumont (the first creation of this rank in England) in 1432; after the death of the 2nd Viscount both titles fell into abeyance. In 1840 the barony was restored for Miles Thomas Stapleton who became 8th Baron Beaumont. The 17th Duke of Norfolk gained the title by inheritance, so the title became a subsidiary title of the 17th Duke of Norfolk. However, as the title descends to "heirs of the body", while the Dukedom of Norfolk descends to "heirs male", the titles may eventually separate again, or the barony go in abeyance. The family seat was Carlton Towers, which has since passed into the possession of the Dukes of Norfolk.
Having charted a segment of the Trinity Peninsula, Bransfield then followed the edge of the icesheet in a north-easterly direction and discovered various points on Elephant Island and Clarence Island, which he also formally claimed for the British Crown. He did not sail around Elephant Island and did not name it (it is named for elephant seals), although he charted Clarence Island completely.
<doc id="580213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=580213" title="Duryodhana">
Thomas appeared in the American sitcom "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" in its fourth season which he played himself as a deranged patient of a rehabilitation center. He also served as an advisor for Cee-Lo Green's team during the third season of the NBC reality competition series "The Voice".
Motown historiographers have noted that the Funk Brothers—some of whom had begun their careers as jazzmen and missed that kind of informality—itched to be able to record on their own, but Gordy limited them formally to cutting sides under the name Earl Van Dyke and the Soul Brothers… and mostly limited them to recording new versions (with the familiar arrangements, however) of the Motown repertoire, with Van Dyke the featured musician playing electric organ. Some of the Funk Brothers' recordings in that vein—"Soul Stomp," "Six By Six"—became eventual favourites among Northern soul and "beach music" fans.
At the behest of mariners and officers of the U.S. Navy, Congress appropriated $80,000 to the United States Lighthouse Board to construct a new beacon at Cape Hatteras in 1868. The Light-House Board was a federal agency under the direction of the Treasury Department but was headed by a multi-agency committee. The Board consisted of two Army Engineers, two Navy officers, two civilian scientists, and one additional officer from both the Army and Navy to serve as secretaries. Congress established the Board in 1852 for the purpose of creating a unified, continuous system of navigational aides along the coasts. Prior to 1852, lighthouse construction generally rested with local authorities, ultimately leading to a disjointed, ineffective national system. Under the Light-House Board, Navy officers determined where new lighthouses were needed; Army Engineers selected exact locations, designed, and built them; and civilian scientists developed new technologies and techniques for displaying bright, consistent beacons.

The Example n = 10403 = 101 . 103.
These concentrate on broad sub-fields (e.g. nuclear spectroscopy, nuclear reaction mechanisms, heavy ion physics, are possible sub-fields in the field of Nuclear Physics). They would normally be scheduled in the years between the corresponding Type A General conferences. Attendance in the range of 300-600 would be anticipated.
Tonkinese are a domestic cat breed produced by crossbreeding between the Siamese and Burmese. They share many of their parents' distinctively lively, playful personality traits and are similarly distinguished by a pointed coat pattern in a variety of colors.
The production run of 4,038 GTs ended the 2006 model year on September 21, 2006, short of the originally planned 4,500. The Wixom Assembly Plant has stopped production of all models as of May 31, 2007. Sales of the GT continued into 2007, from cars held in storage and in dealer inventories. During the GT's lifetime, the car was featured on the cover of the video game Gran Turismo 4.
The main application for such an engine, the GP7200, was originally the Boeing 747-500/600X projects, before these were cancelled owing to lack of demand from airlines.
Despite the numerous successes throughout his career, Mahoney has maintained that his early work in Lyle Kessler's play "Orphans" has "affected people more than any other play I've ever done. I still get mail from it, I still get people stopping me on the street, and it's twenty years later."
of the rights of individual authors (or their successors) in material 
Rosslyn is one of two stations (the other being the Pentagon station on the Blue and Yellow Lines) at which westbound trains serve a platform that is a level below the mezzanine-level platform for eastbound trains. This allows for trains to converge inbound and diverge outbound via a flying junction to avoid an at-grade crossing.

