On 14 September 1944, Malinovsky, in conjunction with the 3rd Ukrainian Front, launched his own Belgrade Offensive. In a stroke of luck, Friessner had been concentrating troops for his own planned offensive, and Malinovsky's 2nd Ukrainian Front ran into heavy resistance from the start. After a week of fruitless attacks, Malinovsky called off his offensive and ordered the exhausted 6th Guards Tank Army, along with Cavalry Mechanized Group commanded by Pliyev (7th Mechanized Corps, 4th Guards Cavalry Corps, and 6th Guards Cavalry Corps, with 389 tanks and assault guns, and Cavalry Tank Group General Major Sergei Ilyich Gorshkov's 5th Guards Cavalry Corps with the 23rd Tank Corps attached (146 tanks and assault guns), to the area near Oradea. Malinovsky planned to use this mobile armoured force as an operational exploitation force in future operations.
The flatback sea turtle (Natator depressus) is a sea turtle endemic to the continental shelf of Australia. The flatback turtle belongs to the sea turtle superfamily Cheloniidae and is the only species found in the genus "Natator". Its common name comes from its flattened carapace compared to other species of sea turtle.
He threw 42.7 innings in his 42 appearances all of which came out of the bullpen as a reliever. Cassidy signed a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers on December 3, 2007, but announced his retirement on March 2, 2008.
<doc id="2185016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185016" title="The Wisconsinite">



Culture.
The one-armed Glas reawakens in a meat locker, surprised to find he is still alive; he surmises that Mr. Lam must be planning a slow death for him. Wee Ming arrives and tries her best to free him. When Hana storms in to confront her former boss, Madam Chen, she learns that Chen is actually a demon in disguise. In the ensuing fight, Chen and her minions are killed, but Mr. Lam disappears with his daughter into a portal to Hell. Determined to save Wee Ming from whatever fate Mr. Lam has in store for her, Hana follows them into the portal, with Glas reawaking, and frees himself to give chase.
She came to the Marine Corps from UC Berkeley in 1943. Her first assignment with the new women’s component, even before public announcement of the establishment of the Women’s Reserve on February 13, 1943. She was named Women's Reserve (WR) representative for Women's Recruit Depot in the Bronx, with the rank of Captain, USMCWR, (with date of rank February 24, 1943).
<doc id="2185979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185979" title="Loellingite">
Christianity.
History.
In Western New South Wales, the Giant Banjo Frog, "Limnodynastes interioris", is a similar species that tends to inhabit more arid areas than "Limnodynastes dumerilii".
2006.
