The image was republished on the cover of "Yank", the U.S. Army newsweekly, on November 5, 1943. They proclaimed that the photograph was necessary to "give the over-optimistic and complacent American public a more realistic picture of the war."
Rollergirls of Central Kentucky
<doc id="40857003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40857003" title="1982–83 Marquette Warriors men's basketball team">
War of Independence.

The iPad Air comes with several applications, including Siri, Safari, Mail, Photos, Video, Music, iTunes, App Store, Maps, Notes, Calendar, Game Center, Photo Booth, and Contacts. Like all iOS devices, the iPad can sync content and other data with a Mac or PC using iTunes, although iOS 5 and later can be managed and backed up without a computer. Although the tablet is not designed to make phone calls over a cellular network, users can use a headset or the built-in speaker and microphone to place phone calls over Wi-Fi or cellular using a VoIP application, such as Skype. The device has a dictation application, using the same voice recognition technology as the iPhone 4S. This enables users to speak and the iPad types what they say on the screen, though the iPad must have an internet connection (via Wi-Fi or cellular network) because the speech is processed by Apple servers. Apple also began giving away free versions of its popular iLife (iPhoto, iMovie, Garageband) and iWork (Pages, Keynote, Numbers) apps with the device.
The length of the forewings is 5–5.5 mm. The forewings have a two-toned pattern, with the darker proximal one-third distinguished from the lighter distal two-thirds by an oblique line. The hindwings are dingy greyish white.

The court granted the trustees leave to sell the farm, on the grounds that, if the terms of the will were to be carried out strictly in accordance with their letter, the over-riding intention of the testator would be largely, if not entirely, defeated.
1997 in Algeria
Sherry Mangan
Mavin is remembered for his performance in the 1987 sudden death semi final against the Canberra Raiders when he made a number of errors that led to him being replaced in the 1st half of the game before the Rabbitohs were eliminated from the competition 42-12. Mavin was a big and fast flamboyant centre/winger who was also well known for his diving swan dive tries. Mavin scored a total of 26 tries during his career.
In 1677 it was placed in the apse and crowned by the Vatican Chapter. Today it is found near the organ just to the left of the old sanctuary. To the right near the entrance to the Sacristy, one finds a relic of Saint Francis Xavier encased in a silver reliquary.
European Canoe Slalom Championships, June 2013
Lieutenant Thomas Richbell, of , was promoted to Commander on 26 December 1799, and was given the command of "Prince William", on the Shields station. Two years later, on 29 April 1802, he received promotion to post captain. An amateur artist, Captain Richbell drew a picture, "A view of Scarborough with His Majesty's armed ship Prince William, anchoring in a fresh gale" that in 1803 he exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts.

Vaqasluy-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Vaqāşlūy-e Soflá; also known as Kachal‘alī-ye Soflá and Vaqāşlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 516, in 116 families. 
Sulik
