<doc id="42485544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42485544" title="Pipili (Odisha Vidhan Sabha constituency)">

History.
The prevalence effect is a term used in Psychology to describe the "phenomenon" that we are more likely to miss (or fail to detect) a target, when the said target has low prevalence (low frequency) than high prevalence (high frequency). A real world application of this phenomenon occurs in air port security screening. For example as the occurrence of people carrying guns though security check points rarely occurs, the security staff are likely to fail to detect those attempting to carry weapons onto the plane. An easy way to remember this phenomenon is simply put, "if you don't find it often, you often don't find it".

Manuel Luís Baltazar da Câmara (c. 1570 - April 1617), member of the Gonçalves da Câmara, was son of Rui Gonçalves da Câmara III, and succeeded him as the 6th Donatary Captain of the island of São Miguel.
In 2009, Holly Fulton won both the Swarovski award for emerging talent and the Scottish young designer of the year award. In 2010, she won the "Elle" next young designer award. She was a British Fashion Council NEWGEN award winner in 2010, which gave her access to industry mentors and financial backing for two seasons, becoming a Fashion Forward winner in 2013.

The First Secretary of the Adjar regional branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was the position of highest authority in the Adjar ASSR in the Georgian SSR of the Soviet Union. The position was created in 1921, and abolished in 1991. The First Secretary was a de facto appointed position usually by the Politburo or the General Secretary himself.
Diana Steenbergen from "IGN" rated the episode with 8/10 stating: "There may not be a lot of action in The Vampire Diaries this week, but there is more than enough information handed out [...] More specifically, the history of the vampires who are trying to find ." Steenbergen also praised Dobrev's work on portraying multiple characters on the show with this week having to portray Katherine as well before she became a vampire. "It is a credit to Dobrev's portrayal that she can give Katherine so much nuance after the character has been painted as such a villain up to this point." 

On 20 March 2014, Mjid in a hospital in Rabat and was buried in Casablanca. His funerals were attended by high profile personalities such as Fouad Ali El Himma and Prince Rachid, the brother of Mohammed VI. 
The Vlaamsche Hoogeschool (Dutch; "Flemish Academy"), commonly known as Von Bissing University (), was a Dutch-speaking university in Ghent established in German-occupied Belgium in October 1916. The university, which was separate from the existing Ghent University, formed part of the German "Flamenpolitik" and was a response to the long-established grievance of the Flemish Movement which campaigned against Ghent University's curriculum which was only taught in French despite its location in a majority Dutch-speaking region. The college took its nickname from Moritz von Bissing, the German Governor-general of Belgium 1914-17, and one of the chief proponents of the "Flamenpolitik".
Chris Beard (executive)
Farming rice was discontinued in 1968 when a portion of the farm land was sold to develop Caroline subdivision in New Iberia and other housing developments were established near the irrigation system. Milling, however, continued and does so until this day. During its management by the Conrad family, the mill produced only white rice which was sold to local grocery stores.
Andrew McMillen
