Bobo was sentenced to twenty years in jail for stealing a bicycle (it was the bicycle of the sentencing judge). Bobo is always trying to escape in various ways, usually by digging, and thus make his way to the beaches of Acapulco. Other major characters are the prison's manager who is fond of pies and cookies; the prison bully who has it in for Bobo and his various schemes; the Professional, a grumpy old prisoner who insists that everything be done "by the book," his copy of which dates back to before the prison reform movement (at his insistence, the Professional lives in an old dungeon, wears a ball-and-chain, does heavy labor and only eats stale bread and dirty water); and Stonie the warden, who always carries a stone (left over after building the prison), and which he is constantly trying to get rid off, but his colleagues insist that he carries. There is also Julot-les-pinceaux (Julian Brush), Bobo's outside accomplice who is always coming up with various schemes to get his beloved boss out of the nick.
Scientists can use experimental observations of neuronal systems and theoretical and computational models of these systems to create Neural networks with the hopes of modeling neural systems in as realistic a manner as possible. Neural networks can be used for analyses to help design further neurotechnology devices. Specifically, researchers handle analytical or finite element modeling to determine nervous system control of movements and apply these techniques to help patients with brain injuries or disorders. Artificial neural networks can be built from theoretical and computational models and implemented on computers from theoretically devices equations or experimental results of observed behavior of neuronal systems. Models might represent ion concentration dynamics, channel kinetics, synaptic transmission, single neuron computation, oxygen metabolism, or application of dynamic system theory. (LaPlaca et al. 2005) Liquid-Based template assembly was used to engineer 3D neural networks from neuron-seeded microcarrier beads.
Until 1 January 2007 Sydthy municipality was a Danish municipality (Danish, "kommune") in the former Viborg County on the west coast of Vendsyssel-Thy, a part of the Jutland peninsula in west Denmark. It is on the north bank of the Limfjord. The municipality covered an area of 322 km², and had a total population of 11,239 (2005). Its last mayor was Arne Hyldahl, a member of the Venstre (Liberal Party) political party. The main town and the site of its municipal councilwas the town of Hurup. 


Halesworth is a railway station serving the town of Halesworth in Suffolk, England. The station is located on the Ipswich-Lowestoft East Suffolk Line.
