Cai Jinbiao (; born 1954) is a former Chinese international footballer who played as a defender. He was predominantly remembered for his time with Guangdong FC where he won the 1979 Chinese league title as well as also representing his country within the 1980 Asian Cup.
Synopsis.
Predicting positive spillover.
The tour is scheduled to continue overseas in Europe on March 12, 2012, following an appearance at the SmokeOut Festival in San Bernardino, California with Cypress Hill.
Elsie Leung also called on the government to seek an interpretation as soon as possible; based her knowledge of the Court of Final Appeal's reading of the Basic Law in prior cases going back to "Director of Immigration v. Chong Fung Yuen" in 2001, she did not expect that the government would be able to win its case in that venue. She further accused both the CFI and the CFA of ignoring the legislative intent of the Basic Law's drafters. On this point, University of Hong Kong law professor Albert Chen, also a member of the Basic Law Committee, noted that Lam had very little flexibility in how he could rule on "Vallejos" precisely due to CFA precedents in the "Chong Fung Yuen" case and other early right of abode cases. He stated that the CFA's reluctance to take into account extrinsic materials in determining the intent of Article 24 stemmed largely from the fact that the extrinsic materials available to the CFA regarding the intent of Article 24 were published after the Basic Law itself. As a solution, he suggested that, if Beijing made public the minutes from the negotiations leading up to the 1984 Sino-British Joint Declaration, which was the basis for the drafting of the Basic Law, it might persuade the CFA to re-examine its interpretation of Article 24; the Joint Declaration, being a treaty, was subject to principles of international law, under which signatories to a treaty had the right to issue explanations of their positions.
Egan's miniatures intended for game play are in the 28mm scale - at this scale a model of an average sized human male is 28mm from the soles of the feet to the eyes. Most of Egan's figures are Character miniatures, which tend to "stretch" the scale a little, so that the Character miniatures stand out a little. He has stated that 54mm would be his ideal scale to work in, and that he expressed an interest in working on the figures for the specialist game "Inquisitor" when that range was being produced but that he was unable to.
However "AltSounds.com" found the album "obvious" and "formulaic", saying
An updated version of SchooloftheLegends.com (now inactive) launched in September 2011 along with mobile and iPad applications. 
He proceeded to join Cheshire in the 1961 Minor Counties Championship against Staffordshire. He played Minor counties cricket for Cheshire from 1961 to 1967. He made two List A appearances for Cheshire. The first of these came against Surrey in the 1964 Gillette Cup. Again his former county, he went wicket-less and was dismissed for a duck by David Sydenham. His second of these came against Lancashire in the 1965 Gillette Cup. Cox didn't bowl in this match, while with the bat he scored 2 runs before being dismissed by Ken Higgs.
