"Jericho" uses an interpolation of the distinct melody in "Kunta Kinte" by the Revolutionaries.
Cannone da 90/53
Conditional random field


Although released unofficially, the videos were meant as a form of viral marketing for the 2005 film "Serenity". The sessions were released on the Internet between August 16 and September 5 of 2005. They are included on the Collector's Edition DVD for "Serenity".
A BC provides lending and other financial services to farmer-owned cooperatives, rural utilities (electric and telephone), and rural sewer and water systems. A BC is also authorized to finance U.S. agricultural exports and provide international banking services for farmer-owned cooperatives. The last standalone BC in the FCS, the St. Paul Bank for Cooperatives, merged into CoBank, ACB, on July 1, 1999.
2003-11.
SABB.
Right to Information movement.
The conjecture was formulated in 1978 by Alan Weinstein (Weinstein 1979). In several cases, the existence of a periodic orbit was known. For instance, Rabinowitz showed that on star-shaped level sets of a Hamiltonian function on a symplectic manifold, there were always periodic orbits (Weinstein independently proved the special case of convex level sets). Weinstein observed that the hypotheses of several such existence theorems could be subsumed in the condition that the level set be of contact type. (Weinstein's original conjecture included the condition that the first de Rham cohomology group of the level set is trivial; this hypothesis turned out to be unnecessary).
Mandel (river)

Lap records.
Through Hell and High Water is a BBC television programme produced by Twofour that aired in the United Kingdom on 13–17 February 2006. Five half-hour morning programmes (9.30–10am) on BBC1 followed James Cracknell (Olympic rower) and Ben Fogle (television presenter) in their attempt to cross the Atlantic Ocean in ""Spirit of EDF Energy"", a 24-foot rowing boat, with a half-hour summary programme during the evening of the final day on BBC2.

Genera include:
Rabbi Yaakov of Marvege (Korebil), a twelfth-century Tosafist and Kabbalist, wrote a book called "Responsa from Heaven," in which he recorded halachic responsa he had heard from Heaven. After discussing the concept that one should only study Torah after immersion in a mikveh, he describes 19 Kislev as "a day that will herald good tidings." On this Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson commented: 
Seat 2
The marching band, in circuit from June to November, has taken a total of six Northern USSBA States Championship titles ('94, '97,'04, '06, '07, '08) and three State Championship titles ('02, '04, '08). In both 2004 and 2008, PHHSMB captured two championship titles. At the All-State Championships in 2006, they tied with long-standing rivals Verona High School, but won more captions than any other band. At the State Championship competition in 2007, PHHSMB placed second (out of 17). A week later, the band finished first with a score of 94.85 and took first place in every caption except for color guard. In 2008, PHHSMB finally went an undefeated season for the first time in over 20 years, winning both titles of State Champions and Northern States Champions.
Another version says Abeyta was watching his sheep and contemplating his blessings, though he was sick, when a vision of his patron saint, San Esquipula , beckoned to him. He went to the place where the saint had appeared and knelt; he was cured immediately. Other people also were cured there, and Abeyta built the chapel in thanks.
Guy Charbonneau, (June 21, 1922 – January 18, 1998) was the longest serving Speaker of the Canadian Senate, serving from 1984 to 1993. During his tenure, amendments to the Standing Orders of the Senate extended the powers of the Speaker.
In his first playoff assignment as a referee, Winter and his officiating crew were involved in a controversial finish to a New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers played January 5, 2003 at Candlestick Park in San Francisco, California.
Pennsylvania Ballet II was created in 2002 by Joyce and Herbert Kean. This part of the company was created as a pre-professional training company. The dancers in this program practice frequently with the company and are used as dancers in the larger productions. They are under the direction of William DeGregory and consist of eight members. Pennsylvania Ballet II also is involved with many outreach and educational programs.
Wells, taking his cue from Karl Marx, depicted the genius European social scientist Gustave De Windt sitting down at the British Museum Library and setting out the precise blueprint for a transformation of the world which he would not live to see. Isaac Asimov's Hari Seldon was in effect a Gustave de Windt enlarged to a galactic stature, and the reunification of the shattered galaxy on which the First and Second Foundations were launched constituted Wells' Modern State written very large... 
A law went into effect in March 2005 prohibiting smoking in hospitals, cultural and educational and mental institutions and on public transportation. On 1 March 2006 new rules came into effect requiring all public and private institutions, including bars and restaurants, to allow smoking only in special secluded areas. Absence of any legal sanctions against those who violate the smoking laws have made them completely ineffectual.
In 1901, one of the first benefactors for Home Hospital stepped forward with a gift. John P. Kile, a retired merchant from Lafayette, donated funds and built a new two-story brick building in memory of his wife Elizabeth. The building would be known as the Kile Building, but the organization would still continue to be known as Home Hospital. The new building would have rooms for 24 patients and administration. In December 1905, a third floor was added onto the Kile Building. Mrs. Charles B. Stuart gave Home Hospital an early Christmas gift by donating the rest of the block to the hospital and now its property extended to 25th Street. Throughout the next 40 years, the community continued to provide donations that enabled Home Hospital to expand, both in facilities and property. The Kile Building was continually used until it was demolished in 1981.
Another signature move of hers is a layback Ina Bauer that she leads directly into a double axel jump, to a double axel–triple toe loop jump combination or to a double axel–double toe loop–double loop jump combination.
The Malaysian Association for the Blind (MAB), located along Jalan Tebing, houses a number of blind people. They can be seen walking around Brickfields. Many have become familiar with the area that they rarely encounter much problem walking around here. Most parts of Brickfields have been equipped with tactile guided pathways designed to aid the blind in walking around the area.
<doc id="4124743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4124743" title="Naval Operations Branch">


Before his disco rejuvenation he also gave some of his evergreen music to the industry that include:
The death penalty has a long history in Sri Lanka. The British restricted the death penalty after they took control of the island in 1815 to the crimes of murder, and "waging war against the King." After independence, the then Prime Minister S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike abolished capital punishment in 1956. However, it was rapidly reintroduced after his assassination in 1959. Opposition to the death penalty started becoming increasingly widespread and the United National Party government modified the use of the capital punishment in its 1978 rewrite of the constitution. Under the new arrangement, death sentences could only be carried out if authorised by the trial judge, the attorney general and the minister of justice. If there was no agreement, the sentence was to be commuted to life imprisonment. The sentence was also to be ratified by the President. This clause effectively ended executions. The last execution in Sri Lanka took place in 1976.
Chandraketugarh
Aromal is declared winner. As he retires to his resting place, Chandu follows him to tend to his injuries. Aromal blames Chandu of cheating, by treating the swords to make them brittle, and attacks him. Aromal kills himself in an accident by falling over a lamp. As people gather, Aromal breathes out his last words: "Chandu betrayed us!".
The relationship with Alex Carruthers and his ERC Group which owned Edinburgh Rugby proved to be very uncomfortable. The SRU defaulted in a number of payments of competition prize money to ERC, requiring the consortium to invest their own additional funds, and the SRU refused to share bar takings from Edinburgh Rugby matches at Murrayfield with ERC - at the same time, the SRU was unhappy about the signing policy and the unavailability of players for international team training.
The Imperial Armour range and rules supplements are designed to incorporate vehicles referred to in the fiction and background material produced for the "Warhammer 40,000" fictional universe, but not included in the Codexes due to a variety of reasons. These include super-heavy vehicles (such as the Imperial Baneblade), specialised variants of standard vehicles (such as Tau Empire Hammerhead Gunships modified to carry different turret weapon configurations), aircraft, immobile defenses, and non-combatant vehicles. Vehicles that are featured in the Imperial Armour books are available from Forge World as multi-part resin model kits, or as a series of resin components that can be used to convert existing plastic and metal models. The Imperial Armour range is not limited to conventional vehicles, as the Orks are known to use massive creatures called Squiggoths, and the Tyranids do not possess any vehicles, instead using extremely large bioformed creatures.

Biography.
Habib Chatti or Habib Chatty, born August 9, 1916 at M'saken and died March 6, 1991 in Paris, is a Tunisian diplomat and politician.
After the Kingpin had a near-death experience, Vanessa gave him an ultimatum; he had twenty-fours to get out of crime, or she would leave him. The Kingpin was about to kill Spider-Man when the deadline passed, and Vanessa forced him to choose between Spider-Man's life or their life together. He chose his wife and spared Spider-Man as a result. 
Ice Cube originally recorded a demo of the track in his home studio and went on to record the album version in Los Angeles at Echo Sound Studios during 1992, and it was one of the first ideas for the album sessions. Ice Cube commented on the concept behind the song stating,
If I Should Love Again is the eighth studio album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow. The album was recorded at United Western Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California. Barry refers to it as "The most romantic album that I ever made", and remarks "I was so caught up in romance that I actually wrote music and lyrics to the title song while playing the piano facing the ocean, in a rented house on the beach in Atlantic City, New Jersey." The album was released in 1981, and it scored single platinum, as the previous album had.
<doc id="4128468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4128468" title="Ross Overbeek">

<doc id="4128822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4128822" title="Archie Macaulay">
At the ending of a clerkship at the age of 17, he abandoned law and started to work as a painter. 
The "Chemical Park Marl" goes back to the foundation of the "Chemical Factories Hüls" in 1938. At the time of the Third Reich the factories produced synthetic rubber (called "Buna") for tires. Therefore a lot of forced labourers were used.

