For users.
Demographics.
The word 'Socialist' was removed from the name of the then state on 7 March 1990. The socialist infrastructure was largely dissolved. The first open democratic election was held on 8 April 1990. The parliamentary elections were won by the opposition, known as the DEMOS coalition led by the dissident Jože Pučnik. At the same time, Milan Kučan, the former chairman of the League of Communists of Slovenia (ZKS), was elected President of the Republic. The democratically elected parliament nominated the Christian Democratic leader Lojze Peterle as Prime Minister, which effectively ended the 45-year long rule of the Communist Party. During this period, Slovenia retained its old flag and coat of arms, and most of the previous symbols as it awaited the creation of new symbols that would eventually come after independence. The old national anthem, "Naprej zastava slave" was however replaced by the "Zdravljica" already in March 1990.
Father Jimeno is known to have traveled with Father Mariano Payeras to San Jacinto, a distant rancho of Mission San Luis Rey de Francia in September 1821. He also appears in an 1836 sketch of Mission San Gabriel Arcángel. From 1838 to 1844 he held the position of "Presidente" of the California mission chain and of "Vicáreo Foraneo" to the bishop.
Wilson House is named after Charles Wilson, 1st Baron Moran, who was the Dean of St Mary's Hospital Medical School between 1920 and 1945 but became famous for being Sir Winston Churchill's personal physician, and also as the great-uncle of American film actor Owen Wilson. The attachment on Southwick Street was donated by the Edgar E Lawley Foundation, founded in 1961 by Edgar E Lawley (1889–1977) who was also the chairman of St Mary's Hospital Medical School.

We have seen disruptions come on a regular basis, like when we have a console transition. But I have never seen four major disruptions come all at the same time. We have disruptions in platforms, business models, content, and distribution. It’s the most exciting time I’ve ever seen.
At the 2001 Grammy Awards the album won the Best Tropical Latin Performance field, giving Estefan her third win in this category. Also at the 1st Annual Latin Grammy Awards the video for the first single “No Me Dejes de Querer”, directed by Emilio Estefan Jr. and Gloria Estefan, won Best Music Video. The album became the biggest selling record of the year selling over 5.2 million copies worldwide. It was nominated for Pop Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 2001.

Through Marchant's career, he tended to appear in the lower order, for both the University and County sides, though in total he made 38 half-centuries and eight centuries in first-class cricket. Marchant died at the age of 82 in Roehampton, London.
VVV-Venlo.
Following the breakup of Yugoslavia, it was renamed to its current name in 1991, becoming the national lexicographical institute of Croatia, situated in 26 Frankopan Street of Zagreb.
He had surgery for brain cancer in the Czech Republic in 2006, after declining chemotherapy. When the tumor could not be completely removed, he entered an assisted living residence in San Jose, California. He died at age 60.
He was a member of the Metric Commission of the Academy of Sciences, with Jean-Charles de Borda, Joseph Louis Lagrange, Antoine Lavoisier, Marquis de Condorcet, Pierre-Simon Laplace and Gaspard Monge, who presented on 19 March 1791, a report to the National Constituent Assembly in which the basis for the length of the meter was established. The report rejected the fixing by a pendulum that swings once at the equator, and defined the length of the meter as 1 ten-millionth of a quarter of a meridian. The meridian was subsequently measured by Jean Baptiste Joseph Delambre and Pierre Méchain
<doc id="10607814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10607814" title="Aetolian League (football)">
They were recognized through the 1888 Madras Village Court Act, then developed (after 1935) in various provinces and (after 1947) Indian states. The model from the Gujarat State (with a judge and two assessors) was used from the 1970s onwards. In 1984 the Law Commission recommended to create Nyaya Panchayats in rural areas with laymen ("having educational attainments"). The 2008 Gram Nyayalayas Act have foreseen 5,000 mobile courts in the country for judging petty civil (property cases) and criminal (up to 2 years of prison) cases. However, the Act has not been enforced properly, with only 151 functional Gram Nyayalayas in the country (as of May 2012) against a target of 5000 such courts. The major reasons behind the non-enforcement includes financial constraints, reluctance of lawyers, police and other government officials.
Shōriki became Nippon Professional Baseball's (NPB) first commissioner in . In , Shōriki oversaw the realignment of the Japanese Baseball League into its present two-league structure and the establishment of the Japan Series. One goal Shōriki did not accomplish was a true world series. In , he was the first inductee into the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame. He died October 9, 1969 in Atami, Shizuoka.
Deterministic context-free grammar
Coaching career.
<doc id="10609992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10609992" title="The Ghost of the Executed Engineer">

History.
Mike.
The ship is powered by two Westinghouse gas turbines and four diesel engines powering two electric motors providing 15,525 horsepower to two shafts. This gives the vessel a maximum speed of and an effective range of .
