
The school's sports teams are known as the Titans, and the school colors are Blue, Red & White. Pembroke competes in the Patriot League. The Patriot League's members are Scituate, Quincy, Hanover, Middleborough, Duxbury, Hingham, Whitman-Hanson, North Quincy, and Silver Lake. The league is divided into two divisions, Patriot-Fisher and Patriot-Keenan. These divisions are divided up based on school population, with Pembroke being a member of the Patriot-Fisher division. Pembroke's chief rival is Silver Lake, but have also recently developed rivalries with Scituate and Middleborough.
The main roads within the Green Lane suburb are Kenpas Highway (west), Green Lane (north), Woodside Avenue, Wainbody Avenue, Moat Avenue, Beanfield Avenue, Grasmere Avenue, Leasowes Avenue, Gretna Road, Gratton Court, Gregory Avenue, Sylvan Drive, Regency Drive, Oak Tree Avenue and Medland Avenue.
Alma Cuervo (born August 13, 1951 in Tampa, Florida) is an American stage actress and singer, who has also performed in film and television. She holds an M.F.A. in acting from the Yale School of Drama, from which she graduated in 1976 alongside Meryl Streep. She starred in the role of Madame Morrible in the first national tour of Wicked. She replaced Carole Shelley on March 8, 2006. She left the role on January 14, 2007 to star in the first national tour of My Fair Lady. She was replaced by Barbara Tirrell. After My Fair Lady, she returned to the tour of Wicked from November 14, 2007 through July 14, 2008, and was replaced by Myra Lucretia Taylor. In 2011, she originated the role of Hilary in Susan Charlotte's "The Shoemaker", directed by Antony Marsellis and co-starring Danny Aiello and Lucy Devito. Other theater credits include "Beauty and the Beast", "Cabaret", "Dancing at Lughnasa", "Once in a Lifetime" and "Titanic" (original cast).

The A489 is a road in the United Kingdom running from Craven Arms, Shropshire to Machynlleth, Powys and crossing the Wales-England border. 
Book III: The Long Winter
BCCI wanted the commission to examine the following charges:
His eleventh single, "Shine On", was released in 1998. After it, too, failed to reach Top 40, Carson's third album was repeatedly delayed. "Scars and All" did not reach the country charts, but was a Number One on the PowerSource Christian charts. Following it in 2001 was his first Top 40 country single in five years, "Real Life (I Never Was the Same Again)". It reached number 14 at the end of the year, and was followed by the release of his third studio album, also called "Real Life". In 2002, Carson suffered a broken vertebra in a sledding accident at home. Although he briefly spent some time in a body cast, he was not seriously injured. Another single from "Real Life", entitled "Until We Fall Back in Love Again", peaked at number 46.

<doc id="10428723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10428723" title="Air Tractor AT-501">
