The collection focuses on Southern California's railroad history. It houses the largest collection of Pacific Electric Railway rolling stock in the world, much of it rescued from scrapyards after the discontinuation of their passenger operations.

<doc id="805876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=805876" title="Puerto Rico men's national basketball team">
Production.
(Taken from "The Incomplete History Of Castlemilk" by the Castlemilk History Group).


Career.
<doc id="806419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=806419" title="Protected areas of Mozambique">
In general, the work relies on fairly straightforward analogical association. A mark on the back of the throat portends beheading. One on the lips portends overeating. A mark on the nose—which the Greeks like many other cultures associated with the privates—portends the recipient will be "insatiate in lovemaking." Some distinctions are made between men and women, left and right. 
Garfield and Friends
As part of the rebuilding program, the Autobot-Decepticon alliance entered into a partnership with Earth's governments to mine Earth and the Sol system for the energy-rich mineral known as Energon. Over the next ten years, Cybertron was steadily restored as "Cybertron Cities" were built in strategic positions on Earth, its moon and Mars to gather Energon and keep the planet rich and healthy.
He was born at the historic Pfarrhaus in the village of Bürg, Neuenstadt am Kocher in Württemberg. After studying medicine at Tübingen, he became a teacher of zoology at Vienna. In 1868, he was appointed professor of zoology at the academy of Hohenheim, and subsequently he became teacher of zoology and anthropology at Stuttgart polytechnic and professor of physiology at the veterinary school. In 1884 he abandoned teaching and started practice as a physician in Stuttgart. He wrote various works on biological subjects, including "Die Darwinsche Theorie und ihre Stellung zu Moral und Religion" (1869), "Lehrbuch der allgemeinen Zoologie" (1871–1878).
"Michigander" is considered pejorative by some due to the circumstances under which the term was coined, but others perceive no such negative connotation. "Michigander" is attributed to Abraham Lincoln, coining it when he was a Whig representative in Congress. On July 27, 1848, Lincoln made a speech against Lewis Cass, who had been a long-time governor of the Michigan Territory. Cass was then running for president on a "popular sovereignty" platform that would have let states that were conquered in the Mexican-American War decide whether to legalize slavery. Lincoln accused the Democrats of campaigning on the former President Andrew Jackson's coattails by exaggerating their military accomplishments.
Sundlun died on July 21, 2011 at his home in Jamestown, Rhode Island. Sundlun was accorded full state and military honors prior to and at his funeral and burial on July 24, 2011. He was buried at Sons of David and Israel Cemetery (Temple Beth El Cemetery) in Providence, Rhode Island.
The Cartoon Network–produced "Transformers Animated" is a cartoon that aired in early 2008. Originally scheduled for late after 2007 under the title of "Transformers: Heroes", "Transformers Animated" is set in 2050 Detroit (after crash landing 50 years earlier), when robots and humans live side-by-side. The Autobots come to Earth and assume superhero roles, battling evil humans with the Decepticons having a smaller role until Megatron resurfaces. Main characters include Autobots Optimus Prime, Bumblebee, Bulkhead, Prowl, and Ratchet; Decepticons Megatron, Starscream, Blitzwing, Lugnut, and Blackarachnia; and humans Professor Sumdac and Sari Sumdac. Several characters that were in the original Transformers cartoon and 1986 animated movie, as well as characters only seen in comics and such, make special appearances and cameos throughout the show.
