Jury.
María José is a Spanish language female given name. Maria José is a Portuguese language female given name.
Gibbonsville is named for John Gibbon.

Reception.
Closer links.
Pan American C.M.A. Church
<doc id="26520330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26520330" title="Orléans AOC">
High Bridge Reformed Church
in the United States (by state)

Campaign stones.

Hosting & carpentry.

<doc id="26524407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26524407" title="John Burge">
Maxiang railway station

Giessen is not part of the German Intercity-Express network, but ICE trains sometimes operate on the Main-Weser Railway during disruptions on the Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe–Frankfurt am Main high-speed route.
Other unique and threatened reptiles include Gray's monitor and the Philippine forest turtle. There are two newly discovered species of frugivorous monitor lizard, the Panay monitor lizard from the island of Panay and Northern Sierra Madre forest monitor from north east Luzon, there are only three species of monitor lizards that are specialized frugivores.
The wingspan is 24–32 mm for males and 25–34 mm for females. Adults are on wing year round.
Kevin Garn was born in Ogden, Utah and graduated from Layton High School. Garn attended Weber State University. He dropped out to focus on his business, KSG Distributing, a music and movie distribution company that he started while still in high school.
The school first opened as Southall County School in 1907, changing its name to Southall Grammar in 1945. In 1963 the school merged with Southall Grammar Technical School (a boys' technical school, which had been located in Beaconsfield road) and was renamed Southall Grammar Technical School, under which name it ran for 11 years, until it was named Villiers High School in 1974. In 2009 the school has been extended by the addition of a sixth form.
Exclusive.
Ebnother has been living and working in Stanley, New Mexico since 2002. His oils, in hand-ground dry pigment on stretched linen and wood panels, are characterized by rich impasto, dense pigmentation, and dense markings.
Along with Peter Coombes, he is the founder of Ceasefire.ca, a network of 25,000 Canadians interested in peace and social justice issues. Ceasefire.ca acts as the public outreach and advocacy arms of the Rideau Institute, and focuses on internet-based campaigning.
The wooden-hulled tug "Albert Brown" was acquired by the Navy from W. P. Orr, Jr., of Bristol, Maine, on 20 May 1917 and commissioned on 3 July 1917. Less than a month later, on 28 July 1917, Admiral William S. Benson, as Acting Secretary of the Navy, promulgated General Order No. 314 which decreed that all "scout patrol" vessels with compound names would hence forth be officially known by surname only. Thus "Albert Brown" (SP-1050) become simply "Brown" (SP-1050), a name she used continually throughout her commissioned service.

It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (number 203). Gregory saw it in 1883.
The inscription is written in the Greek language, mentioning the glorious memory of Baduarius and Theodora. His title is rendered in Latin as "curator domus rerum Areobindi" (caretaker of the house of Areobindus). The wording suggests that said house was no longer owned by anyone called Areobindus. It was probably an estate having passed to "imperial ownership". Baduarius either being a caretaker in imperial service or someone granted ownership at some point.

Psychometric view.
<doc id="26531015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26531015" title="Backtalk (horse)">
<br>
Ryan Gardner (born April 18, 1978) is a Canadian-born Canadian-Swiss professional ice hockey player, who plays for SC Bern in Swiss National League A. He formerly played with ZSC Lions, and has represented Switzerland internationally at the IIHF World Championships.
Chart performance.
The December 2012 editorial transition was strongly criticized by (now former) editorial board members of "Organization & Environment" as an "editorial coup" on the part of Sage and GRONEN. According to one account, the editorial transition was decided upon and carried out by Sage independently of its editors/editorial board, without their prior knowledge or acceptance. Critics have pointed out that this is not the first time accusations of this sort have been leveled at Sage. In 2009, political scientists charged that the editor of "Political Theory" was replaced unilaterally and unfairly. Sage was forced to apologize, admitting that "whatever" they had done "was done without consulting the scholars on the editorial board of the journal".

Group A.
The Semitropic field is one of the oil and gas fields in the southern San Joaquin Valley which is underneath the bottomlands of the valley, rather than in the hills which surround it. Most of the largest fields are in the lower parts of the foothills to the mountains on either side of the valley, including monstrous reservoirs such as the Kern River and Midway-Sunset fields; in the bottomlands, the fields are more deeply buried and harder to find, as they have no surface geological expression, such as a line of hills indicating an anticlinal structure hiding an oil reservoir. Like many of the fields on the west side of the valley, it is an elongate dome aligned from northwest to southeast. The field is about seven miles (11 km) long by two across, at the widest point, and has a productive area of .
Ángel de Oro (born August 8, 1988) is the ring name of a Mexican "Luchador" "Enmascarado", or masked professional wrestler, who is working for the Mexican wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). Ángel de Oro's real name is not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans. Ángel de Oro is part of a group called "Los Ángeles Celestiales" ("The Celestial Angels") alongside his brother Ángel de Plata and Ángel Azteca, Jr.. His name is Spanish for "Angel of Gold" or "Golden Angel".
Indonesia.
Battery.
<doc id="26537526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26537526" title="List of slums in Pakistan">
Molteno Pass
On August 10, 2010, construction workers at Almaly station went on strike after the construction company had failed to pay the workers' wages for three months.

Nationalliga A (women's football)

<br>

The connection between Wales and England in this time comes to the fore in this novel, but is always in the background in the other novels. Having Owain Gwyneth as a character again (earlier in "A Morbid Taste for Bones" and a major character in "Dead Man's Ransom") lets the reader see how close the people are on either side of changing border, and as well the differences.
Peter Sutton (bishop)
According to their label, the band has no plans to reunite. Pearson has pursued a solo career, while Young formed a project, Western Arms, with Elbow frontman Guy Garvey. Young now has a band, The Flowers of God, which released a four-song EP in September 2010. As of late 2011, Browning plays bass in Fort Worth, Texas-based shoegaze-styled band, Year of the Bear.
Howard Werth rehearsed with the band for a week with a view to stepping into Morrison's shoes. Elektra records founder Jac Holzman favoured Werth as he had at one stage foreseen Audience taking over The Doors' spot on Elektra - but Audience had fallen apart and he now saw Howard and The Doors merging as the new Doors. However, Ray Manzarek and his wife Dorothy were expecting a child, and Manzarek eventually called it off and went back to Los Angeles, leaving Densmore and Krieger in London. They began looking for a new project, linking up with Roden, Phil Chen and Roy Davies to form the Butts Band.
Synod.

Gare de Presles-Courcelles
In June 2009, Weiss ordained Sara Hurwitz with the title "Maharat" (an acronym of "manhiga hilkhatit rukhanit Toranit") rather than "Rabbi". In February 2010, Weiss announced that he was changing Maharat to a more familiar-sounding title "Rabba". The goal of this shift was to clarify Hurwitz's position as a full member of the Hebrew Institute of Riverdale rabbinic staff. The change was criticised by both Agudath Yisrael and the Rabbinical Council of America, who called the move "beyond the pale of Orthodox Judaism". Weiss announced amidst criticism that the term "Rabba" would not be used anymore for his future students. Hurwitz will continue to use the title Rabba and is considered by some to be the first female Orthodox rabbi. 

