The society began to present the Sarpay Beikman Awards (K. 1000) in 1949. They were renamed the Literary Fine Art Awards in 1962 and the National Literary Awards in 1965.
Layout.
Many activities take place on the remaining four floors, away from the pavilions. Examples are: working in the workshops on the ground-floor, library, training or education, yard-time, doctors office etc.

Liturgical drama or religious drama, in its various Christian contexts, originates from the Mass itself, and usually presents a relatively complex ritual that includes theatrical elements. Until the Late Middle Ages it is the best recorded tradition of religious drama, and is assumed to have been the root from which other forms such as the civic mystery plays, as well as poorly recorded travelling companies, grew. The number of surviving scripts is small, and many performances are only known about from entries in payment records and the like.
David Allen Zubik ( ; born September 4, 1949) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the twelfth and current Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh, having previously served as Bishop of Green Bay from 2003 to 2007.
Order of Saint Lazarus.
In the capital, Sima Jiong became arrogant based on his accomplishments. He had his sons created princes, and ran the matters of the central government from his mansion, rarely visiting the emperor or attending the imperial meetings. He enlarged his mansion to be as large as the palace, and he entrusted matters to people who were close to him, and would not change his ways even when some of his more honest associates tried to change his behavior. When Emperor Hui's grandsons Sima Zang and Sima Shang (司馬尚), successive crown princes, died in childhood, leaving Emperor Hui without male descendants by 302, Sima Ying was considered the appropriate successor, but Sima Jiong chose to bypass him by recommending the seven-year-old Sima Qin (司馬覃) the Prince of Qinghe (Emperor Hui's nephew and the son of his brother Sima Xia (司馬遐)) as the crown prince, with intent to easily control the young Crown Prince Qin.

The Military Police Corps is the uniformed law enforcement branch of the United States Army. Investigations are conducted by Military Police Investigators or the United States Army Criminal Investigation Command (USACIDC), both of which report to the Provost Marshal General.
Philippine mall chains.
Personal.
Strahan Coliseum is a 7,200-seat multi-purpose arena in San Marcos, Texas. It was built in 1982 and is home to the Texas State University Bobcats basketball team.
The small community of Pine Mountain Club lies due north of Mount Pinos. Lake of the Woods and Frazier Park are about to the east.
<doc id="3588724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3588724" title="Guard of Honor (novel)">
1956 Deutsch House, San Jeronimo, Mexico City.
SiteMesh is a Java web application development framework developed by OpenSymphony.

Fragile/Jirenma
Raphew Tyrone Jr. was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on May 12, 1985. His right arm did not fully develop when the amniotic band wrapped around the arm and suffocated it.
<doc id="3589765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3589765" title="Studio 2B">
Third-party patch.
Both rode on a pair of three-axle trucks with all three axles on each truck powered; this is a C-C wheel arrangement. These trucks have an unequal axle spacing due to traction motor positioning; the outer two axles on each truck are closer together than the inner two. The RSD-7 used the GE 752 traction motor. The six-motor design allowed better tractive effort at lower speeds.
KLSR's main signal is rebroadcast on the following translator stations:
Early life.
