See also.
hb – heart bulb,
In Tokyo, Red Star looked for a chance to finish the year with another international trophy. There, its rival was Chile’s Colo Colo, the Copa Libertadores winner. On Santiago de Chile’s team bench was Mirko Jozić, under whose leadership Yugoslavia became a Youth World Champion, and Prosinečki, who was the World’s best among those of his age. However, Prosinečki left the team right after winning the European Champion title (sold for €15 million to Real Madrid, one of the most expensive transfers at this time), just as Stojanović, Marović, Šabanadžović and Binić did. During the 1991 Intercontinental Cup final, Jugović, the youngest regular of the club, scores two goals at National Stadium and a brilliant play over the entire field brought him later the Toyota prize, which was intended for the best player of match. The superiority of Red Star was so oppressive, that even after the exclusion of Savićević just before the half time, another comfortable victory could be retracted. At the time of the red card, Belgrade were already 1-0 ahead by Jugović. However, another goal was gained by him and Pančev, which brought Red Star the final score of 3-0. On 8 December 1991, Red Star had everything that a football club can achieve, it was both the European Champion as well as the World Champion and was at the height of its fame.
Each year there are about 12,000 costumed participants. Most of these belong to one of the seventeen battalions which represent of all of the municipality’s major communities as well as the original four neighborhoods of the town of Huejotzingo. These battalions have between 100 and 800 people, who carry hand carved muskets and leather masks. Each battalion has its own live band and several general.
Halgera () is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. Administratively, Halgera is under Yadgir Taluka of Yadgir District in Karnataka. The village of Halgera is 14 km by road southeast of the town of Yadgir and 6 km by road northeast of the village of Zinkera. The nearest railhead is in Yadgir.
Steven Deja (born 21 May 1987) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2006.
<doc id="38552528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38552528" title="Gino Gerhardi">
