In 2003, for its coverage of the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster, it received the Online Journalism Award for Breaking News by the Online News Association.
As empress of Jin.

Myanmar Airways International (MAI) took off in August 1993, initially created as a joint venture between Myanma Airways and Singapore-based Highsonic Enterprises, with the support of Royal Brunei Airlines. It boasted a Singapore management team (many ex-Singapore Airlines staff), new Boeing aircraft, all-expatriate cockpit crews, improved training for flight attendants and new UK Civil Aviation Authority operating standards. Eventually, the original joint venture was terminated and MAI became a wholly owned Myanmar company. In January 2001, a new joint venture was formed in which Region Air Myanmar (HK) Ltd., took a 49% stake and a local businessman through his company Zan Co. took an 11% share and Myanma Airways retained 40%. 
Several pull-apart structural grabens formed at flexures in the orogenic belt, forming the Levenger and Moorilyanna Grabens.
Opern- und Schauspielhaus Frankfurt is the official name of the opera and drama theatres in Frankfurt am Main. The Oper Frankfurt (Frankfurt Opera) is one of the leading opera houses in Europe, and voted best "Opera house of the year" several times since 2003.
History.
TurboCASH version 3 stores its data in a Paradox/BDE database. Some developers have criticised this choice, suggesting rather to use a more modern SQL database, as they claim that Paradox/BDE is out of date and slow. The TurboCASH developers, however, claim that in a network of one to five users, TurboCASH's target market, Paradox/BDE works well and has long record of stability and easy installation.
IPCC or Integrated Professional Competence Course is the second level of Chartered Accountancy examinations. A person can take the IPCC Examination after passing CPT and nine months of study. IPCC has two groups of seven subjects. Group – I consists of four subjects and Group – II of three subjects.

The introduction of Lib Tech’s Banana Technology marked yet another departure from orthodox snowboard design. Traditionally, snowboards are built with camber—the gentle arch formed in between the board’s contact points when placed on a flat surface. Camber geometry was first introduced for skis, which each have only one central area of pressure input (i.e., under the skier’s boot). Snowboards, however, have two areas of pressure input (i.e., one under the front boot, and one under the back boot), leaving the rider unable to efficiently depress the center of the snowboard, an effect which Lib Tech’s Pete Saari calls the “dead zone.” 

Vice Chief of Air Staff Sir Wilfrid Freeman, one of the masterminds behind the dramatic advances in British aircraft production before and during World War 2, paid tribute to Hives's dedication in a letter to his wife:
