Planetary Resources, Inc., formerly known as Arkyd Astronautics, is an American company which was formed in November 2010, and reorganized and renamed in 2012. Their stated goal is to "expand Earth's natural resource base" by developing and deploying the technologies for asteroid mining. 

The other main location introduced in the episode was the gardens of Qarth, which were filmed at the Benedictine monastery of the Croatian island of Lokrum. The abandoned monastery was built in Gothic-Renaissance style in the 15th century.


Germania Bietigheim can refer to the following German association football clubs:
Penka studied anthropology from the point of view of comparative linguistics and took a particular interest in the origins of the Indo-Europeans. He used the term Aryan in the linguistic sense and also extended it into a broad term of race and culture. It was he who popularized the theory that the Aryan race had emerged in Scandinavia and could be identified by the Nordic characteristics of blue eyes and blond hair. In his "Origines Ariacae" ('Origins of the Aryans') of 1883 he proposed that the Indo-European homeland was in the far north, the Hyperborea of antiquity. Penka has been called "a transitional figure between Aryanism and Nordicism".
Between September and November 1779, "Duc De La Vauginon" underwent coppering and fitting at Deptford. She was commissioned in September under the command of Lieutenant Charles Jordan. He was still in command when she was went missing around 15 December 1779 during a storm in the North Sea.
Dragan Jovanović is the most common name combination in Serbia. It may refer to:
<doc id="35558807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35558807" title="Putnam Bridge (New York City)">
Subasinghe composed the music for the 2013 television film based on the life of Jesus, "Jesu Christu Yuga Peraliya", produced by Prem Fernando. He also served as assistant director and script editor, and played the role of Herod Antipas. Jewan Kumarathunga played the role of Jesus while Ravindra Randeniya played Pontius Pilate. More than 25 Sri Lankan cinema and television stars participated the project.
The Siege of Pavia was a siege in 569–572 CE. The Lombards invaded Italy in 568, but Ticinum (modern Pavia) held out until 572. After its fall, the Lombards made it the capital of the Kingdom of the Lombards.

Events from the year 1645 in Denmark.
Noppriga tights och moonboots is the first full length CD released by the Swedish trallpunk band Räserbajs in 1995. In the last track, "Kulturfabriken", there are 3 hidden tracks called "Eva", "Lonely cowboy" and "Madelene".
<doc id="35562981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35562981" title="Liander">
