Junicode is free and open source software licensed under the SIL Open Font License, and is released in the TrueType format, which is used on most operating systems. Additionally, specific packages for Junicode are available for open source systems such as Debian, Ubuntu, and FreeBSD.
Pure 12 Pack Countdown.
On 15 February 2014, Kelly announced her departure from "Daybreak", due to her signing a new contract to present "Lorraine" Monday to Friday. Kelly presented her final episode of "Daybreak" with Aled Jones on 10 April 2014.
According to linguist Iorgu Iordan, the name of the town is a Romanian diminutive of collective noun "*făgar" ("beech forest"), derived from "fag", "beech tree".
Harry's Bar was opened in 1931 by bartender Giuseppe Cipriani. According to the company history, Harry Pickering—a rich, young Bostonian—had been frequenting Hotel Europa in Venice, where Giuseppe Cipriani was a bartender. When Pickering suddenly stopped coming to the hotel bar, Cipriani asked him why. When Pickering explained that he was broke because his family found out his drinking habits and cut him off financially, Cipriani loaned him 10,000 lire (about $5,000 US). Two years later, Pickering returned to the hotel bar, ordered a drink, and gave Cipriani 50,000 lire in return. "Mr. Cipriani, thank you," he said, according to the Cipriani website. "Here's the money. And to show you my appreciation, here's 40,000 more, enough to open a bar. We will call it Harry's Bar."
<doc id="1060684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1060684" title="Grijpskerk">
In 1951, Hart won the singles, women's doubles, and mixed doubles championships at Wimbledon, playing the finals of all three events on the same day. She also won the "triple crown" at the French Championships in 1952 and the U.S. Championships in 1954.
Transport.
Schrödinger is a large lunar impact crater of the form traditionally called a walled plain and is named after Erwin Schrödinger. It is located near the south lunar pole on the far side of the Moon, and can only be viewed from orbit. The smaller crater Ganswindt is attached to the southwestern rim of Schrödinger, and intrudes slightly into the inner wall. Adjacent to the South is the crater Nefed'ev. Farther to the southwest is the crater Amundsen.
Daniel Stolcius in his "Viridarium Chymicum" (1624) praises Sędziwój as the author of twelve books. The most famous of these was his "New Chemical Light", published in 1604. Besides a relatively clear exposition of Sędziwój's theory on the existence of a 'food of life' in air, his books contain various scientific, pseudo-scientific and philosophical theories, and were repeatedly translated and widely read among such worthies as Isaac Newton into the 18th century.
Various claims have been made about the light, including "the Ocracoke Light is the second oldest operating lighthouse in the nation," from the National Park Service. The original 1795 construction a mile away would qualify only as fifth oldest and the current 1823 tower is about twelfth oldest.
The .32 S&W Long is a straight-walled, centerfire, rimmed handgun cartridge, based on the earlier .32 S&W cartridge. It was introduced in 1896 for Smith & Wesson's first-model Hand Ejector revolver. Colt called it the .32 Colt New Police in revolvers it made chambered for the cartridge.
On January 25, 2013, Kwinter became the oldest person to ever serve in the Ontario legislature.
Although the .32-20 cartridge was occasionally used for deer hunting in the past, many now consider it too light and low-powered for deer; it is much better suited to small game. It has a good reputation for accuracy in rifles as well as the few handguns that have been chambered for it. Because of its low power, it destroys very little meat, making it a good hunting round for appropriately sized game, up to about . The cartridge is now approaching obsolescence, as shooters turn to other similar but more powerful and flexible loads. The power level of more modern .32s, such as the .32 H&R Magnum and the .327 Federal, equal or surpass the .32-20 in modern firearms. 
Campus Outreach Program
Miller then took 5/84 against Surrey, before leading the team against Warwickshire. He had received death threats in the lead-up to the game, ordering him to lose. He scored 46 not out and took 2/13 as Australia won by an innings. He then took 5/29 in the second innings against Lancashire and made 50 and took match figures of 5/78 against Essex.
<doc id="1061831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1061831" title="Bill Irwin">
In Angola parlance a "freeman" is a correctional officer. Around 2000, the officers were among the lowest-paid in the United States, and few of them had graduated from high school. As of 2009 about half of the officers were female.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Paridae
Dominic Giampaolo
Styling.
Position: 
Album - Billboard (North America)

Louis Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Bachelier (March 11, 1870 – April 28, 1946) was a French mathematician at the turn of the 20th century. He is credited with being the first person to model the stochastic process now called Brownian motion, which was part of his PhD thesis "The Theory of Speculation", (published 1900).
Jack Wade.
"A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica" was released as a double VHS pack. Both parts are available on a single DVD, but only in region 1.
Her career was put on hold in March 1938 when she was involved in a motor vehicle accident, and she did not return to the stage until June 1940. She returned to perform in musical comedy, and was engaged to entertain Australian troops fighting in the Second World War at home and in New Guinea, and she became very active raising funds for war-related charities. In 1951 she toured Japan and Korea to entertain British and Australian occupation forces. For her wartime contributions, she was created an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1952.
A thematic touchstone for Mamatas is H.P. Lovecraft. His novel Move Under Ground, which combines Lovecraftian and Beat themes, was declared one of the best Cthulhu Mythos stories not written by Lovecraft by Kenneth Hite in the book Cthulhu 101. Mark Halcomb of the Village Voice reviewed the book and its peculiar meshing of Lovecraft and Kerouac, writing, in part:
Simpson has frequently performed "Pieces of Me" live, including a number of notable television performances. She sang the song at Summer Music Mania on May 20, and it aired on FOX on June 1. Simpson sang "Pieces of Me" (followed by a brief interview with Jay Leno) on the May 24, 2004 episode of "The Tonight Show", and she also sang the song on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on July 16. She performed "Pieces of Me" (after a brief interview with Charles Gibson) on "Good Morning America" on July 19, the day before her album was released in the U.S., and on July 27, she sang it (after an interview) on Ryan Seacrest's talk show, "On Air With Ryan Seacrest." On August 8 she performed "Pieces of Me" on the Teen Choice Awards, and the song also received the "Song of the Summer" award. On August 29, Simpson performed the song during the pre-show for the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards.

<doc id="1063574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1063574" title="Mana Māori Movement">
The UNA segment is optional. If present, it specifies the special characters that are to be used to interpret the remainder of the message. There are six characters following codice_1 in this order:
For the present, however, Charles's cause was crumbling, more from internal weakness than from the blows of the enemy. Fresh negotiations for peace opened on 29 January 1645 at Uxbridge (by the name of which place, they are known to history) and occupied the attention of the Scots and their Presbyterian friends. The rise of Independency, and of Cromwell, was a further distraction. The Lords and Commons were seriously at variance over the new army, and the Self-denying Ordinance.
George Gordon, Lord Byron cited "Vathek" as a source for his poem, "The Giaour". In
The Federal Charter of 1291 is one of the oldest surviving written document of an alliance between Uri, Schwyz, and Unterwalden, the founding cantons of the Old Swiss Confederacy. 
O'Gara came on as a replacement in all three of Ireland's tests against New Zealand in the 2012 tour. O'Gara won his 125th cap for Ireland on 10 November 2012, as a replacement against South Africa.
Career.
<doc id="1064160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1064160" title="QUIKSCRIPT">
Specifics on "Breese"'s performance are not known, but she was one of the group of "Wickes"-class destroyers known unofficially as the 'Liberty Type' to differentiate them from the destroyers constructed from detail designs drawn up by Bethlehem, which used Curtis steam turbines and Yarrow boilers. The Bethlehem destroyers deteriorated badly in service, and in 1929 all 60 of this group were retired by the Navy. Actual performance of these ships was far below intended specifications especially in fuel economy, with most only able to make at instead of the design standard of at . The class also suffered problems with turning and weight. Ships such as "Breese", however, performed better than this.
Career in education.
The film flashes back into Fenix's childhood, which he spent performing as a "child magician" in a circus run by his father Orgo, the knife-thrower, and his mother Concha, a trapeze artist and aerialist. The circus crew also includes, among others, a tattooed woman, who acts as the object of Orgo's knife-throwing feats, her adopted daughter Alma (a hearing-impaired, voiceless mime and tightrope walker whom Fenix fancies), Fenix's midget friend Aladin, a pack of clowns and a small elephant. Orgo carries on a very public flirtation with the tattooed woman, and their knife-throwing act is heavily sexualized.
Cyanobacteria.
Governor Tod R. Caldwell appointed Alexander McIver after Samuel S. Ashley resigned. Rev. James Reid (1795-1872) was elected as Superintendent in the state general election of August 1872, but never took office due to his death in November of that year. [http://query.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=9F06E5DA1439EF34BC4852DFB7678389669FDE]


Near-perfect games.
Oksza coat of arms
Darwin machine
<doc id="1065340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1065340" title="Not So Soft">
When Soviet Russian forces had finally evacuated from Tallinn and German forces were advancing, the Salvation Committee issued the Estonian Declaration of Independence on 24 February 1918 (The declaration had also been delivered to Pärnu, where it was proclaimed on 23 February). Instantly the Estonian Provisional Government was formed and Konstantin Päts became the Chairman of the Council of Ministers and Minister of Internal Affairs.

Writing and recording.
