This is a list of the transfers for the 2013–14 A-League season.This list includes transfers featuring at least one A-League club. Promotions from youth squads to the first squad of the same club are not included.
Kevin Caron (b. February 2, 1960, Stratford, Connecticut) is a sculptor from Phoenix, Arizona. He has created more than 40 private and public commissioned works which are on display across the United States. Among his works are pieces on public display in Tucson, Arizona, Temple, Texas, and Avondale, Arizona. His public art sculpture "Hands On" won 17th Annual Best of the West Arts & Culture Award for 2009. He works primarily in fabricated steel.
José Valim is the creator of the Elixir programming language. His goals were to enable higher extensibility and productivity in the Erlang VM while keeping compatibility with Erlang's tools and ecosystem.
In 1951, Nolan moved to London, England. He travelled in Europe, spending a year in 1956 painting themes based on Greek Mythology while in Greece. In Paris, he studied engraving and lithography with S. W. Hayter at Studio 17t two years there. He became friends with the poet Robert Lowell and produced illustrations for some of his books. Nolan was a prolific book cover illustrator, his images enhancing the dust jackets of over 70 publications.
The Osceola Seminoles compete in interscholastic activities within the 3A Classification administered by the Arkansas Activities Association. The Seminoles play within the 3A Region 3 Conference and participate in football, golf (boys/girls), basketball (boys/girls), competitive cheer, baseball, softball, and track (boys/girls).
Jacob had scarcely left the room when Esau returned from the hunt to receive the blessing. The realization that he has been deceived shocks Isaac, yet he acknowledged that Jacob received the blessings as sworn, by adding, "Indeed, he will be remain blessed!" (52:8). Rashi explains that Isaac smelled the heavenly scent of Gan Eden (Paradise) when Jacob entered his room and, in contrast, perceived Gehenna opening beneath Esau when the latter entered the room, showing him that he had been deceived all along by Esau's show of piety.

In 2008, Rajesh showcased spring summer 2009 collection at Paris Fashion Week which was positively received. The focus of the collection was the play of fabrics such as cotton and organza. The designer also experimented with the colour palette by using bright hues such as fuchsias and corals. With wearable, clean and structured cuts, the products were well appreciated.
John Wyse Power died in 1926 and is buried in Glasnevin Cemetery, in 2009 as part of the GAA 125 celebrations his gravestone was refurbished.


