<doc id="27280361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27280361" title="C. sinica">
After these adjustments, the plotting board represented a true analog of the harbor being defended (see figure at left above) and was ready for use in fire control.
Situations creating a duty to act.
The Bridgeport centennial half dollar commemorative coin was minted in 1936 to celebrate the centennial of the incorporation of the city of Bridgeport, CT.
<doc id="27282254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27282254" title="Joginder Nagar Valley">
During almost fifty years of existence, the Cebu School of Arts And Trade has occupied different places in the city. Way back in 1909, when it was yet a Manual Arts Department of the Cebu Normal School it was housed in “Mga Anak Sa Lungsod” a building located at the corner of D Jakosalem and Colon Streets. From there, it was moved to the grounds now occupied by the Abellana National Vocational School on Jones Avenue where a three-room building was built.
<doc id="27283017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27283017" title="Basilica of San Albino">
<doc id="27283351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27283351" title="Engine (Engine album)">
Harzer Wandernadel.
<doc id="27284092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27284092" title="Harman, Virginia">
The 1916 NCAA football season had a very clear cut champion, with the "Official NCAA Division I Football Records Book" listing Army and Pittsburgh as national champions. Only Pittsburgh claims a national championship for the 1916 season.
Amphidromus floresianus
Desimirovac
In response Rob Ford denied Thomson's allegations. At the time Rob Ford's chief of staff, Mark Towhey, disputed Thomson's version of events, denying that Rob Ford was inebriated, but police documents later revealed that Towhey spoke to Rob Ford prior to the event and tried to talk him out of attending, because he believed his condition wasn't suitable for a public event.
Since 1950, the museum of the world puppets, organized around the Guignol puppet, is also installed in Gadagne. The visit of the collections of 2000 puppets were once part of the course of the history museum in Lyon. After the extensive renovation of the 2000s, they are now grouped in a space museum composed of nine independent halls on the first floor.
Loznac () is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 176 people.
Ranilović

Article I:
L.E. Cleveland House
Ryan's friends and RTÉ received criticism for their lack of comment since the emergence into the public arena of his cocaine usage at the inquest, despite having eulogised him after his death. Entrepreneur Ben Dunne said those who spoke positively of Ryan when he died were "weak people if they don't now" out after the inquest. "Liveline" presenter Joe Duffy, a former neighbour of Ryan, said he "knew nothing" about the broadcaster's cocaine habit and described himself as being "naive" and "taken aback by the revelation at the inquest". Today FM broadcaster Ian Dempsey also denied having any knowledge of Ryan's cocaine use, saying: "I didn't know about it and I worked beside Gerry every day. I'm either stupid or I was protected from the whole thing". Marian Finucane briefly commented on the revelations during "The Marian Finucane Show": It's all very tragic. I just hope none of his children go to a petrol station, or to a shop today, so they can avoid having to see the coverage in the newspapers, I remember when Katy French died thinking the same thing about her family. I also remember Gerry going on and on about the folly and the wrongness of drugs; and of cocaine in particular at that time. On his RTÉ lyric fm show Gay Byrne referred to "a little do" which had been organised for Morah Ryan but did not directly mention cocaine. Ryan Tubridy broke his silence on his radio show (in Gerry Ryan's former slot) on 13 December 2010, saying: You all know that Gerry was my friend and that I loved him. I have said it before and I will say it again today. To be truthful this hasn't changed and while I cannot, and will not, condone cocaine and cocaine use but equally I cannot and will not abandon my friend, who, like the rest of us, had flaws. [...] Without going on about it, there is an expression used when someone dies and that expression is "rest in peace", and these are the words that have been echoing in my mind this weekend. And with that I would urge all of you listening this morning to let Gerry quite simply rest in peace.

The entire route is overlapped with SR-34, which was mostly hidden throughout.
Le Fooding Guide 2008 Best Wine Dealer Award
Given the demands of fetal loading during pregnancy and the importance of producing offspring to the fitness of human beings, one can imagine that natural selection has had a role in selecting a unique anatomy for the lumbar region in females. It turns out that there are sex differences in the lumbar vertebral column of human males and females, which ultimately helps mitigate some of the discomfort due to the fetal load in females. There are 5 vertebrae in the lumbar region for both males and females. However, the 3 lower vertebrae of a female's lumbar region are dorsally wedged while for males, only the lower 2 of the lumbar region are dorsally wedged. When a female arches her lower back, such as during fetal loading, having an extra dorsally wedged vertebra lessens the shearing force. This lumbar sexual dimorphism in humans suggests high natural selection pressures have been acting to improve maternal performance in posture and locomotion during pregnancy.
<doc id="27289910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27289910" title="Guillaume Le Bé">

Anna High School is a public high school located in Anna, Texas. It is part of the Anna Independent School District located in north central Collin County and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In the late 1980s, nearby Westminister High School closed and students there began attending Anna High School. The district just completed construction of a new high school which opened in 2011 that will handle the steady increase in enrollment over the past several years. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
The college has received a number of awards including Investor in People, ArtsMark Gold, the International Schools Award and ICT Mark.
Election was held on 2 May 2010 across 17 centres in Norway to elect three members on a nationwide constituency:
The resolution called upon the parties concerned to immediately implement Resolution 338 (1973). It renewed the mandate of the Observer Force for another six months until 31 May 1998 and requested that the Secretary-General submit a report on the situation at the end of that period.
Climate and vegetation.

Vejle Idrætshøjskole
YU grupa is the third studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band YU grupa. "YU grupa" is the band's second self-titled album, the first one being their debut album released in 1973.
Three points were finally gained after defeating big-spending Manchester City in late October, but a run of four successive losses followed. Two late goals at home to Sunderland swung the game in Wolves' favour to keep them in touch with fellow strugglers Wigan and West Ham at the end of November. December brought two defeats, but also two much-needed victories - against local rivals Birmingham City, and a shock win at Anfield; their first since 1984. 
<doc id="27294228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27294228" title="Morss Homestead/Federal City Homestead">
She was selected as the Labour candidate for the 2010 general election for Wolverhampton North East in September 2008. Despite a 9% swing to the Conservatives and a reduction in majority of more than 6000 she held the seat for Labour.
105 Campestre Torre B
Meath Intermediate Football Championship is an annual Gaelic Athletic Association second tier competition between Gaelic football clubs organised by Meath GAA. The winning club is promoted to the Meath Senior Football Championship. In the 2013 final, Gaeil Colmcille defeated Clann na nGael. Each year, the final takes place in Pairc Tailteann, Navan. The winning club competes in the Leinster Intermediate Club Football Championship.
