There are currently four recognized species in this genus: 

Zeitun Rebellion (1895–96)
Projective cover
Features.


The students have quality facilities including a gymnasium covering 2000 m², a weight training room and a climbing wall. More than 20 sport activities are offered, among them, martial arts, handball, tennis, rugby and volleyball.
Hohenzell


Group 6
The mill was built for John Marshall of Leeds, Thomas Benyon, and Benjamin Benyon. The architect, Bage, was also a partner in the venture. This partnership was dissolved in 1804, the mill being retained by John Marshall, who paid off his partners on the basis that it was worth £64000. Castlefields Mill was built by the other partners nearby. These two flax mills provided the 'chief manufacture' of Shrewsbury (according to an 1851 directory). The mill closed in 1886, and was sold (with a bleach yard at Hanwood) for a mere £3000. The building was then converted to a maltings (hence its more commonly used local name), and as a consequence many windows were bricked up.
SPIP
The structure and site are a listed Monument of Historical Importance of Pakistan.
A proposal was made from the Association of Chief Police Officers that sniffer dogs used to search mosques and Muslim homes should be fitted with leather bootees to cover their paws and thereby avoid causing offence. Muslim convicts in British prisons are entitled to fresh clothes and linen if they feel these may have been in contact with canine saliva. Copies of the Quran and other religious items are checked by hand.
Barbing is a municipality in the district of Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Geology.

Al Snider rode at Keeneland Race Course in Lexington, Kentucky and Chicago's Arlington Park in 1940 and 1941. Among his significant wins were the Arlington-Washington Lassie Stakes and the Stars and Stripes Handicap. In his best finish in an American Classic, Snider rode owner Fred W. Hooper's colt Hoop Jr. to second place in the 1945 Belmont Stakes.
<doc id="10283552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10283552" title="Joseph Inginac">
Ten to be elected.

<doc id="10284918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10284918" title="Queen's South Africa Medal">
In 2006, drummer Ryan Dusick departed the band and was replaced by Matt Flynn and the revised band recorded their second album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" in early 2007. The album was released in May and peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" 200. Five singles were released from the album. The album's first single, "Makes Me Wonder", became the band's first number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. "Hands All Over", the band's third studio album, was released in September 2010, peaking at number 2 on the "Billboard" 200. The album's lead single "Misery" was a top 15 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 while the album's fourth single, "Moves like Jagger", became the band's second single to top the Hot 100. The band released their fourth studio album "Overexposed" in June 2012. The album peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" 200. Its first two singles, "Payphone" and "One More Night", both peaked in the top two of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became international hits. The latter single topped the Hot 100, giving the band their third number-one hit on the chart. The album's third single, "Daylight", became a top ten hit in the U.S. and Canada, as well as peaking in the top forty of other multiple countries worldwide.
Rose and Thorn are the two personalities of a Golden Age character in DC Comics.
The campaign is then rocked by a fresh allegation when Stanton's old friend, "Big Willie" McCullison (Tommy Hollis) approaches Henry to tell him that his 17-year old daughter Loretta (who worked for the Stantons as a babysitter) is pregnant and that Stanton is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine Stanton's paternity. Although they convince Willie to remain silent on the issue, Henry is nonetheless sickened and disillusioned with the experience.

In 2001 Donoghue joined the Galway senior hurling panel, and was sub goalkeeper when Galway were defeated by Tipperary in the All Ireland Final of that year. In 2003 Donoghue returned to the Galway senior team as the first-choice goalkeeper. Won a National League Title in 2004, and was appointed captain in 2005, steering his native-county to an All-Ireland final showdown with Cork, however, Galway lost the game by four points. He was named team captain again for the 2006 team.

2012-present: Comeback with Super Junior and military service.
The lawful age of marriage was fifteen for girls and eighteen for boys. Upon marriage, the families of the bride and bridegroom were expected to contribute to the match. It was custom for the bridegroom and his family to pay a "coibche" (modern spelling: "coibhche") and the bride was allowed a share of it. If the marriage ended owing to a fault of the husband then the "coibche" was kept by the wife and her family, but if the fault lay with the wife then the "coibche" was to be returned. It was custom for the bride to receive a "spréid" (modern spelling: "spréidh") from her family (or foster family) upon marriage. This was to be returned if the marriage ended through divorce or the death of the husband. Later, the "spréid" seems to have been converted into a dowry. Women could seek divorce/separation as easily as men could and, when obtained on her petition, she kept all the property she had brought her husband during their marriage. Trial marriages seem to have been popular among the rich and powerful, and thus it has been argued that cohabitation before marriage must have been acceptable. It also seems that the wife of a chieftain was entitled to some share of the chief's authority over his territory. This led to some Gaelic Irish wives wielding a great deal of political power.
