
Green energy technologies are a top priority on the Taiwan government's list of new industries to promote. President Ma Ying-jeou has highlighted solar and LED (light emitting diode) technologies as two areas where the island has potential to lead competitors.
<doc id="4132624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4132624" title="Arnold Böcklin (typeface)">

Although it is for their success with arcade-style games that they will be primarily remembered, Synapse branched out into other areas of software.
St. Cecilia Church in San Francisco
<doc id="4133594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4133594" title="Fused Grid">
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (Philippines)
"Here I am again today," 
The building is incorporated as a housing cooperative. It has 12 apartments on 12 floors. Former residents include Paula Zahn and Mary Tyler Moore who moved out in 2005. 
Through the machinations of Waverider, the JSA teammates are able to leave limbo and begin living in the post-Crisis Earth they had fought to save. The mini-series is followed by "Justice Society of America" (1992–1993), which shows how Alan Scott adjusts to his new world. In the short-lived series, the JSA fight the newest incarnation of the Ultra-Humanite as well as Pol St. Germain and Kulak the Sorcerer. Scott reconnects with his wife and children, stating in issue #1 that Molly "is pretty much handling things at the company..." and that Jade and Obsidian "... are fine off doing their own thing in Hollywood. Not too interested in being super-heroes." The series ends with issue #10, not with the team disbanding, but with the members gathering together at their first formal meeting after returning home.
List of unincorporated communities in Chelan County, Washington
In Sweden, those receiving a doctorate or an honorary doctorate at the Faculty of Philosophy (meaning philosophy, languages, arts, history and social sciences), receive a laurel wreath during the ceremony of conferral of the degree.
The area is connected to other parts of Bosnia by the M-5 highway. Forestry, light industry and tourism are major components of the economy.
In the name field, spaces, hyphens and other punctuation are represented by <, except apostrophes, which are skipped. If the names are too long, names are abbreviated to their most significant parts. In that case, the last position must contain an alphabetic character to indicate possible truncation, and if there is a given name, the two fillers and at least one character of it must be included.
Malek-Yonan is a classically trained pianist, composer, actress, director, writer, documentary filmmaker and activist. She began studying piano at the age of four and while still in her teens, competed in and won many national piano competitions in Iran and attended the Tehran Conservatory of Music. In 1972 after winning a national piano competition in Iran, she was invited by Queen Farah Pahlavi to play at a Command Performance.
http://www.fencing.net/news/world/veteran's-world-fencing-championships-%11-us-team-announced.html

The village has a population (2013) of 1,184, giving the village a population density of . There is a videregående school in Botngård.
In January 1917, the School's Committee was constituted as the first College Council. After considering several permanent locations for the School, it eventually settled on the purchase of W G Lefroy's property on the corner of View and McNeil Streets, Peppermint Grove. After modifications and additions to the property, all boarders were transferred from North Perth, and the first classes began on the new campus in July. The School was officially opened by the Governor of Western Australia, Sir William Ellison-Macartney, on 11 August 1917. The North Perth campus remained operating as a day school until the end of 1918.
There are three temple tanks, or "teerthams", known as 'Amrita Pushkarini', 'Kaala Theertham' and 'Maarkandeya Theertham'. There is a separate shrine dedicated to Abhirami. The Shakta saint Abhirami Pattar is believed to have rendered the "Abhirami Anthathi" in the front hall of the shrine. The temple also maintains a separate shrine for Markandeya worshipping "Kalasamhara Murti". Although Thirukadaiyur is a Shaiva temple, it contains an old Vaishnava temple. The gods in this temple are Amrita Narayana (Vishnu) and his consort Amrita Valli (Lakshmi).
The manner and the matter of the "Arukh" were closely followed by Johannes Buxtorf in his "Lexicon Chaldaicum Talmudicum" (Basel, 1639), and by David de Pomis in his "Ẓemaḥ Dawid." Early in the seventeenth century Menahem Lonzano issued his small but useful supplement, "Ma'arik," concerned particularly with foreign words (in "Shete Yadot," Venice, 1618; newly edited by Jellinek, Leipzig, 1853). "Ma'arik ha-Ma'areket," a compilation by Philippe d'Aquin, appeared in Paris in 1629.
Northern Hemisphere Stations
Numerals.
Bus service is available through the Thane Municipal Transport (TMT), BEST Transport division and Navi Mumbai Municipal Transport (NMMT). Rail service is available at the Mumbra railway station. Mumbra is from the Mumbai airport.
In August 1930, the revolutionary group planned to kill Lowman, the Inspector General of Police who was due to present in the Medical School Hospital to see an ailing senior police official undergoing treatment. On 29 August 1930, Benoy casually clad in a traditional Bengali attire, breached the security and fired at close range. Lowman died instantly and Hodson, the Superintendent of police, was grievously injured. 
The statues in the forum provided excellent reasoning for Augustus to claim his restoration of the Republic. Not only were the great men of Rome’s past being honored through their busts, but Augustus was also establishing his ancestry to these men, either by blood or by spirit. This provided Augustus with another connection between himself and the old Republic, an era of Roman history he continuously tried to invoke during his reign.
Because the original dedicatory inscription has been destroyed, it is not known whether it was built during the emperor’s reign (on the occasion of the triumph over the Marcomanni, Quadi and Sarmatians in the year 176) or after his death in 180; however, an inscription found in the vicinity attests that the column was completed by 193.
These lines were adapted from Dr. Dre's song "The Watcher", from the album "2001".
By 2000 he graduated to the WRC and finished 22nd at his home rally of Sweden driving a Toyota. The following year in the same event he finished 7th.
