Order: Gruiformes. Family: Eurypygidae
Tevfik Köse
The motmots have colorful plumage and long, graduated tails, which they display by waggling back and forth. In most of the species, the barbs near the ends of the two longest (central) tail feathers are weak and fall off, leaving a length of bare shaft, and creating a racket-shaped tail. There is 1 species which has been recorded in French Guiana.
Crows, jays, ravens and magpies.
The youngest of a three child family, he has older twin sisters. He attended Delia International School before immigrating with his family to Vancouver, Canada in 1992. His father who worked as an mechanical engineer would travel back and forth between Hong Kong and Vancouver for work. At first his family lived in Richmond before settling in Port Coquitlam. After attending one semester at Douglas College, he transferred to University of British Columbia majoring in Mechanical engineering. During college Ma joined an acting troupe that would perform sketches. After graduating from college in 1998, Ma and his entire family decided to return to Hong Kong since Hong Kong life was more suited for them.
Gnateaters.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Passeridae
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Threskiornithidae
Geography.
Wagtails and pipits.
The Phalacrocoracidae is a family of medium-to-large coastal, fish-eating sea-birds that includes cormorants and shags. Plumage colouration varies with the majority having mainly dark plumage, some species being black and white, and a few being colourful. There are 38 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Monaco.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Corvidae
Plovers and lapwings.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Recurvirostridae
Plovers and lapwings.
Pheasants and partridges.
Order: Falconiformes. Family: Pandionidae
Legacy.
The Hirundinidae family is a group of passerines characterized by their adaptation to aerial feeding. Their adaptations include a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings and short bills with wide gape. The feet are designed for perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base. There are 75 species worldwide and 5 species which occur in Serbia.
Nightjars.

<doc id="10912144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10912144" title="List of birds of Ukraine">
Sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small, plump, brown or grey birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed-eaters, and they also consume small insects. There are 35 species worldwide and 4 species which occur in Moldova.
1990s work.
Background.
Nagar worked as a dispatch clerk in the Lucknow office of All India United Insurance Company for 18 days. He provided voluntary services to the publication division of the Nawal Kishore Press and the editorial office of "Madhuri" in 1939. From December 1953 to May 1956 he worked as a drama producer in Akashvani (All India Radio), Lucknow, but resigned from this position so that he could focus all of his time and attention to his literary pursuits.
