1997: Spelling "Citrus".

Werneria preussi
Line 115 operates between Playa del Rey and the Norwalk Station while running on Manchester Avenue and Firestone Boulevard. Operated by the SB-18 division.
The Winterhawks finished the regular season with a record of 23-1-0, with their only loss at the hands of the Shelburne Muskies. In the first round of the playoffs, they downed the Lucknow Lancers in four straight games. In the North Division semi-final, the 'Hawks beat the Durham Thundercats in another four game sweep. The Winterhawks met the rival Elora Rocks for the North championship and once again prevailed in the minimum four games.
John Witherspoon was a prominent evangelical Presbyterian minister in Scotland before becoming the sixth president of Princeton in 1768. Upon his arrival, he transformed a college designed predominantly to train clergymen into a school that would equip the leaders of a revolutionary generation. Witherspoon made fundamental changes to the moral philosophy curriculum, strengthened the college's commitment to natural philosophy (science), and positioned Princeton in the larger transatlantic world of the republic of letters. Witherspoon's common sense approach to morality was more influenced by the Enlightenment ethics of Scottish philosophers Francis Hutcheson and Thomas Reid than the Christian virtue of Jonathan Edwards. Witherspoon thus believed morality was a science. It could be cultivated in his students or deduced through the development of the moral sense—an ethical compass instilled by God in all human beings and developed through education (Reid) or sociability (Hutcheson). Such an approach to morality owed more to the natural moral laws of the Enlightenment than traditional sources of Christian ethics. Thus, while "public religion" was an important source of social virtue, it was not the only source. Witherspoon, in accordance with the Scottish moral sense philosophy, taught that all human beings—religious or otherwise—could be virtuous. His students, who included James Madison, Aaron Burr, Philip Freneau, and John Breckenridge, all played prominent roles in the development of the new nation. 
On November 22, 2013, "The Steve Wilkos Show" celebrated their 1000th episode, along with Jerry Springer and Rachelle Wilkos as special guests.
<doc id="12361383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12361383" title="Sizer">
<doc id="12361752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12361752" title="The Age Short Story Award">
In the "Harry Potter" series.
Other pitchers.
<doc id="12362635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12362635" title="Rainer Fischer">
The Turpin Site (33Ha28) is an archaeological site in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located near Newtown in Hamilton County, the site includes the remains of a village of the Fort Ancient culture and of multiple burial mounds. Detailed explorations of the site have revealed the bodies of many individuals in and around the mounds. The archaeological value of the site has resulted in its use in the study of similar locations and in its designation as a historic site.
A comprehensive review of the public health effects of energy fuel cycles in Europe finds that coal causes 6 to 98 deaths per TWh (average 25 deaths per TWh), compared to natural gas’ 1 to 11 deaths per TWh (average 3 deaths per TWh). These numbers include both accidental deaths and pollution-related deaths. Coal mining is one of the most dangerous professions in the United States, resulting in between 20 and 40 deaths annually, compared to between 10 and 20 for oil and gas extraction. Worker accident risk is also far higher with coal than gas. In the United States, the oil and gas extraction industry is associated with one to two injuries per 100 workers each year. Coal mining, on the other hand, contributes to four injuries per 100 workers each year. Coal mines collapse, and can take down roads, water and gas lines, buildings and many lives with them.
In the 2007 season the All-county league (ACL) is split into four divisions of 12 teams each except for Division 3 which has 13 teams. The divisions in ranking order, with the highest one first, are Division 1A, Division 1B, Division 2 and Division 3. Teams that compete in Divisions 1A & 1B compete in the Senior Championship, Division 2 teams compete in the Intermediate Championship and Division 3 teams play for the Junior Championship. Each team plays each other on a double round-robin, giving sides 22 league games or 24 in Division 3.
Religion and History.

