Japan.
1995 was the 20th Anniversary of the Gold Wing. American Honda published a special hard-cover book All 1995 models got commemorative emblems, cosmetic changes, a thinner and narrower seat and suspension improvements which reduced ground clearance, contributing to an even lower seat height (offsetting the weight gain). The GL1500A was at its heaviest in '95; the claimed dry weight would stay at until the end of this model. The GL1500A '95 price rose significantly to $14,000.
Milsons Point railway station is a station on the North Shore railway line and is served by the "T1:North Shore, Northern & Western Line" of the Sydney Trains network in Sydney, New South Wales. Situated on the northern approaches to the Sydney Harbour Bridge, it serves the adjoining suburbs of Milsons Point and Kirribilli.
Robert Christgau of "The Village Voice" described it as "two middling-to-excellent new Dylan songs, four good original Bobby voices, and a lot of Schmylan music". Jon Landau wrote in "Rolling Stone" that "it is every bit as inept, amateurish and embarrassing as "Self Portrait". And it has all the earmarks of a deliberate courting of commercial disaster, a flirtation that is apparently part of an attempt to free himself from previously imposed obligations derived from his audience."
Matthias Goerne (born 1967) is a German baritone.
Dairy products, meats, fish, poultry and vegetables can be kept refrigerated in the same space within the kitchen (although raw meat should be kept separate from other foodstuffs for reasons of hygiene).
Gregory Vlastos (; July 27, 1907 – October 12, 1991) was a scholar of ancient philosophy, and author of several works on Plato and Socrates. A Christian, Vlastos also wrote about Christian faith.
In March 1998, André 3000 and Big Boi purchased a studio off Northside Drive in Atlanta which had formerly belonged to R&B singer Bobby Brown. The studio had sentimental value for the duo, as it was the first place the two had ever recorded vocals together, on a remix of TLC's "What About Your Friends" (1992). The two named the studio "Stankonia", a word created by André 3000 as a combination of the words "stank", a slang synonym for "funky", and "Plutonia", the title of a poster in his bedroom depicting a futuristic city. He explained, "Stankonia is this place I imagined where you can open yourself up and be free to express anything".
Public positions.
Sterling also manufactured small numbers of a short version, the AR-18S. This version uses the same basic mechanism and folding butt, but has a barrel and a length of with the butt extended. The shortened barrel is fitted with a cone-shaped flash suppressor to address the additional muzzle flash resulting from the short barrel. Some examples have an additional pistol grip fitted to the underside of the handguard.
The company was acquired in 2005 by Sabre Holdings, owner of online travel company Travelocity, paying 165p per share, a 57 per cent premium to the share price before the company revealed it was in takeover talks, but less than half the flotation price. The deal valued Lastminute.com at £577 million.
When the Primary and Secondary Highways were created in 1937, the former route of SR 504 became Secondary State Highway 1R (SSH 1R). SSH 1R ran from Primary State Highway 1 (PSH 1) and in Castle Rock east past to the border of the Columbia National Forest, now known as Gifford Pinchot National Forest, in 1937.
Other Lucas papers ranged from practical suggestions, such as the proposal that the Salonica-Athens railway viaducts be cut in the Oeta gorges (carried out in Operation Harling), to psychological overviews later in the war, like 'Hitler as seen by Source' [:through decodes] and 'German Morale as seen by Source' (his old special subject from 1918 Intelligence Corps days). 
Pella may refer to:
<doc id="1037298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1037298" title="Serenity (Firefly episode)">
North Preston is served by a large elementary school, Nelson Whynder Elementary School. The community is also home to several community buildings, several churches, a day care, a medical centre, a volunteer fire department and several local businesses. The church has been the spiritual centre of the community of North Preston for over 150 years.
<doc id="1037430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1037430" title="Portland Castle">
Tesco in Hillcrest, which has a Domino's Pizza beside it.
In 1889, an intermediate edition of the lexicon, "An Intermediate Greek–English Lexicon", was prepared on the basis of the seventh edition (1882) of LSJ. In comparison to the smaller abridgment, this "Middle Liddell" contains more entries covering the essential vocabulary of most commonly read Ancient Greek literature, adds citations of the authors to illustrate the history of Greek usage (without identifying the passages), and provides more help with irregular forms.
The battle is soon over with Sobieski personally leading. The Pole's pursuit of the Ottoman cavalry lasted until the dusk.
In the Qing dynasty, a branch of the Dragon Gate Sect propagated its teachings at the Temple of Junkets. During the reign of Emperor Guangxu, the abbot of the temple, Chen Jiaoyou, wrote Evolution of the Daoism of Changchun's Lineage, an important work on the history of transmission and inheritance of the Dragon Gate Sect.
The frequency dependent dielectric function of the solid is
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Personal life.
