Franke was instrumental in developing and implementing new, modern technology for the United States Navy, including the use of nuclear-powered warships. He served as Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) from 1954 to 1957.
Luna Amară

There are two main festivals in the summer time:
Corresponding to both of these, graduate degrees in business and management are generally of two sorts. On the one hand, programs such as the Master of Science (MSc) or Arts (MA) or Commerce (MCom) in General Management (sometimes also called Master in Management, or MIM) usually do not require professional experience. (Often the MSc in Management is for graduates with a first academic degree in a social science, while the MA in Management is for other backgrounds.) On the other hand, the Master of Business Administration (MBA), requires a minimum of two to three years of professional experience and is open for graduates from any field. A related distinction: the MSc in Management is more specialized than an MBA, and is more suited for academic research, while the MBA is more industry- and management focused. The Master's in Engineering Management, MEM, is aimed at graduates with an engineering background. 
Rabbit Hole is a play written by David Lindsay-Abaire. It was the recipient of the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play was originally commissioned by South Coast Repertory and first presented at its Pacific Playwrights Festival reading series in 2005. It received its first full production in New York in 2006, and it has also been produced by regional theatres in cities such as Los Angeles, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. The play had its Spanish language premiere in San Juan, Puerto Rico in Autumn of 2010.
After leaving Nine Inch Nails, Brian was the producer, guitarist and founding member of the Industrial rock band Filter along with Richard Patrick. Filter was formed in 1993 in Cleveland Ohio. The album "Short Bus" was released on April 25, 1995 and it sold over one million copies and features Brian's work with the band. It was recorded "in a small brick house somewhere in Chicago". It is best known for the hit single "Hey Man Nice Shot", reputedly about Budd Dwyer's public suicide; but the duo had hits on many soundtracks, working with The Crystal Method and The Dust Brothers. They embarked on an exhaustive world tour, as headliners, and opening for the likes of the Smashing Pumpkins, Ozzy Osbourne, White Zombie and more…. The duo was also nominated for "Best New Band" at the MTV music awards. Brian has been mentioned on each Filter CD released since then in the liner notes, but he actually left the band during the summer of 1997. He and Richard Patrick have remained friends, and Brian contributed some production work and guitar/keyboard parts to the latest Filter record, "The Trouble with Angels" as well as "Fades Like a Photograph" from the movie "2012".
Watershed.
<doc id="1991541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1991541" title="1912 in Norwegian football">

The station first signed on the air on September 12, 1971, and was originally operated by Center Broadcasting Co. of Center, Texas (owned by Tolbert Foster). The station was the market's first full-time ABC affiliate; prior to KVUE's sign-on, the network's programming had previously been limited to off-hours clearances on KTBC (channel 7), which carried the network through a secondary affiliation with the network (all three networks of the time – ABC, NBC and CBS – had their programming shoehorned onto KTBC's schedule), though most of the market could pick up San Antonio's KSAT-TV with a decent antenna. Unlike most affiliates with the network in then two-station markets, KHFI-TV (channel 36, now KXAN-TV) did not take on a secondary affiliation with ABC when that station signed on in February 1965.
Death.
Hutchinson was by trade a butcher in England. In June 1796, Hutchinson was convicted at the Old Bailey of stealing £ 40 worth of goods, and was sentenced to death, though this was later commuted to transportation for seven years. After spending three years in London on board the prison hulk "Newgate", Hutchinson was transported to Australia on the "Hillsborough", sometimes referred to as the "Fever Ship" since some ninety-five of the three hundred convicts aboard died from typhoid fever brought aboard from the prison hulks. Reaching Sydney in 1799, Hutchinson was again convicted of theft after stealing from the government stores in Sydney, and was transported to the penal settlement on Norfolk Island.
Marriage and children.
The Yadkin Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area that includes land in seven counties of northwestern North Carolina. The AVA encompasses an area of approximately in the Yadkin River valley. The Yadkin Valley AVA includes all of Wilkes, Surry, and Yadkin counties, and parts of Davie, Davidson, Forsyth and Stokes counties.
Slovakia tried again in 2010 contest with "Horehronie" by Kristina with similar result (16th out of 17 places in the Semi Final), despite being the fan and Bookmakers favourite.
Lavaca County.
The Wonotobo Falls, Frederik Willem IV (Anora) Falls, and the King George VI Falls are on the Courantyne River. Other falls include the Barrington Brown Falls, the Drios Falls and the Maopityan Falls.

The band achieved their greatest critical and commercial success in the mid-nineties when they signed with the influential indie rock label Matador Records. It was during this time that Thinking Fellers produced their most prominent albums, "Lovelyville", and the critically lauded college radio hit "Strangers from the Universe". They toured the Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland and the U.K. in 1994 and made an appearance on the John Peel radio show on the BBC. In 1996 they toured briefly as an opening act for the then-popular band Live but were not received well by the Live fanbase. Thinking Fellers has been largely dormant since 1996, having toured sporadically and released only one full album, "Bob Dinners and Larry Noodles Present Tubby Turdner's Celebrity Avalanche", since.
"Sylvia" is generally considered a classical ballet. It features a nondescript mythical setting and a late nineteenth-century score, both of which give it an old-fashioned feel. In many ways, however, it was quite revolutionary for its time. The score was and still is recognized for its greatness. Delibes' work is certainly the best appreciated aspect of the ballet for its innovation, creativity, and maturity. Frederick Ashton's choreography complements the music very well in this respect, staying true to the spirit of the original production while incorporating modern techniques and adding his own unique touch.

Glosses.
In 2006, Reuters sold its 50 percent share of Factiva to Dow Jones. Factiva was integrated into the Enterprise Media Group within Dow Jones.
Gahnite, ZnAl2O4, is a rare mineral belonging to the spinel group. It forms octahedral crystals which may be green, blue, yellow, brown or grey. It often forms as an alteration product of sphalerite in altered massive sulphide deposits such as at Broken Hill, Australia. Other occurrences include Falun, Sweden where it is found in pegmatites and skarns, Charlemont, Massachusetts; Spruce Pine, North Carolina; White Picacho district, Arizona; Topsham, Maine; and Franklin, New Jersey in the United States.
The vast craton in the north and west contains a number of quite rugged mountain ranges, of which the highest are the MacDonnell and Musgrave Ranges on the southern border of the Northern Territory. These rise to over , but the most spectacular features are the deep gorges of rivers such as the Finke. Most of the craton, however, is distinctly flat and generally low-lying with an average elevation of around , whilst in the Lake Eyre Basin most of the land is not far above sea level.
England took advantage of being inserted and came back strongly, especially considering the 239-run drubbing they had received at Lord's a couple of weeks earlier. The Australian bowlers were smashed to all corners on the first day as, for the first time in their 493-Test history, Australia conceded more than 400 runs in a first day of Test cricket. The English mentality seemed to be to attack from the outset, and it was helped by the freak injury that Glenn McGrath sustained before the match. During a warm-up (playing rugby), the pace-man accidentally stood on a cricket ball, tearing ankle ligaments. Australia had to field Michael Kasprowicz as replacement, and on a pitch where inaccurate bowling was immediately punished, McGrath's line and length would surely have been useful.
The Bibliotheca Bodmeriana (Bodmer Library) and Campagne Diodati are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
It is located about 25 km to the south of the city of Corinth, approximately halfway along the old national road to Argos (GR-7). It lies at the foot of the Dafnias mountains and the Chouni Pass.
