The UNITIC Twin Skyscrapers were built in 1980s in the Marindvor neighborhood of Sarajevo. They were colloquially named "Momo and Uzeir" after two characters from a radio comedy show, a Serb and a Bosniak. The towers were heavily damaged by shelling during the Siege of Sarajevo but remained standing, becoming symbols of resilience. They were renovated after the war.
L'Anse Creuse has one FIRST Robotics team, Team 453 (Rockem Sockem Robotics). The team is currently ran by the Programming and PC Servicing teacher, Nick Paterni. During the 2014 FRC season (Aerial Assist), Team 453 won the Centerline District event. They also continued on to compete in the Michigan FRC Championship.
! align=right|906
Film.

<doc id="6984667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984667" title="Embo">
"Mode I crack" – Opening mode (a tensile stress normal to the plane of the crack)
Late in the third season, doubts surface as to baby William's true parentage. A photographer comments on William's resemblance to her surrogate, Christina. Wilhelmina consults a doctor who tells her William might be Christina's. If Christina and her husband had sexual intercourse at the time of William's conception, a DNA test will be required to determine who William's parents are. Wilhelmina shows Christina fake results, but Christina refuses to believe them and kidnaps William. Betty persuades Wilhelmina to tell the truth, which she does not only publicly, but also secretly to Calvin Hartley, who demands Wilhelmina keep her role at Mode before he will invest in the company. The alternative would be the failure of Meade, so the Meades must accept this deal. William, meanwhile, goes to his real parents.

Localization.
Song information.
The White Lady is the name of a female ghost that lives in Verdala Palace in the small forest of Buskett, Rabat, Malta.
Pia is the American spokeswoman for the cosmetics company Sephora. She is frequently featured in "Vogue", "Vanity Fair" and other society magazines.
Tableware.

Karan Singh Yadav
