Runabouts were designed for light use over short distances. By the mid-1910s, they became almost indistinguishable from roadsters.
History.
History.
Routing.
The third battery, also completed in 1900, was Battery Duportail, named for Major General Louis Duportail. Its armament consisted of two 12-inch breech-loading rifles on disappearing carriages. The battery was decommissioned in 1923. The Army removed the breechblocks and plugged the breeches before abandoning the guns in place. The Army scrapped the guns in the early 1940s.
<doc id="1936537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1936537" title="Logic form">
Dynamic Events.

The name for color blue, "sininen" is shared with other Finnic languages and is thus dated to the era of the Proto-Finnic language (ca. 5000 years old). However, it is also shared with the unrelated language Russian (синий, "siniy"), suggesting that it is a loanword. (Alternatively, the Russian word синий could represent Finnic substratum). The word "vihreä" ("viher-", archaic "viheriä", "viheriäinen") is related to "vehreä" "verdant" and "vihanta" "green", and "viha" "hate", originally "poison". It is not shared with Estonian, in which it is "roheline", probably related with the Estonian word "rohi" "grass". However, the form "viha" does have correspondences in related languages as far as Permic languages, where it means not only poison but "bile" or "green or yellow". It has been originally loaned from an Indo-Iranian protolanguage and is related to Latin "virus" "poison". Furthermore, the word "musta" "black" is also of Finnic origin.
Next to "Like a Stone", it is considered the band's most well known song, and is still played on radio stations world wide.
Phosphorus(II) halides may be prepared by passing an electric discharge through a mixture of the trihalide vapour and hydrogen gas. The relatively stable P2I4 is known to have a "trans", bent configuration similar to hydrazine and finds some uses in organic syntheses, the others are of purely academic interest at the present time. Diphosphorus tetrabromide is particularly poorly described.

Among points of interest are:
Since the character's introduction in 1998, Blitz has been an integral part in the Seahawks' "Ready, Set, Goals!" reading program for children. In addition to all Seahawks home games, Blitz appears at hundreds of community and charity events throughout the year. He has also appeared at the Super Bowl and the Pro Bowl.
