
In July 1989, Heywood was arrested in Beacon Hill Park in Victoria for loitering "at or near a playground" under section 179(1). He had been spotted several times previously near the playground carrying a camera with a telephoto lens. Upon arrest the police got a search warrant and found collections of pictures of children at play.
Five states elect their respective governors to four-year terms during off-year elections: Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey and Virginia. Kentucky, Louisiana, and Mississippi hold their gubernatorial elections during the off-year before the presidential election; and those in New Jersey and Virginia are held in the off-year after the presidential election. These same five states also hold off-year state legislative elections.
On 14 March 2013 Marussia F1 announced that González would be the team's reserve driver for the 2013 Formula One season.
Campus.
The seminary program provides extensive study of theology using as texts the "standard works" of the church, the (Old Testament, New Testament, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants) throughout the school week, in addition to normal Sunday classes. The 4 courses are taught, 1 per year, on a rotating basis (the 2012-2013 curriculum follows the New Testament). Seminary students are encouraged to study each scriptural text on their own time and to memorize a total of 100 scriptural passages or "scripture mastery" verses during their participation in the four-year program.
Council for Responsible Genetics
<doc id="3115294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3115294" title="Andorra at the 2000 Summer Olympics">
According to the "Supplemental Book of Needs", the fracturing of the Artos is
History.
<doc id="3115683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3115683" title="Ethiopia at the 1992 Summer Olympics">
Campus.

The Peep o' Day Boys was an agrarian Protestant association in 18th century Ireland. Originally noted as being an agrarian society around 1779–80, from 1785 it became the Protestant component of the sectarian conflict that emerged in County Armagh, their rivals being the Catholic Defenders. After the Battle of the Diamond in 1795, where an off-shoot of the Peep o' Day Boys known as the Orange Boys defeated a force of Defenders, the Orange Order was instituted, and whilst repudiating the activities of the Peep o' Day Boys, they quickly superseded them. The Orange Order would blame the Peep o' Day Boys for "the Armagh outrages" that followed the battle.
Professions of residents.
