Spektor married singer-songwriter Jack Dishel in 2011. Formerly a guitarist with the band The Moldy Peaches, Dishel is a member of the band Only Son and duets with Spektor in the song "Call them Brothers".
The Lompoc Valley Center (LVC) is located at the north end of the city of Lompoc at the intersection of Cabrillo Highway and "H" Street. The center opened in 1999, and has three main buildings plus a utility structure totaling . All of the buildings are designed to be multifunctional as needs expand and change. The LVC is situated on of a parcel that includes portions of Davis Creek. All three main buildings are multifunctional. Building 1 is mostly for administrative purposes. Across from Building 1 is the Library. Upstairs from the Administration office is the Cafe, where students can play games, watch a movie, get food. Vending Machines are also available outside of the Cafe. Building 2 will have mainly General Education classes, but also includes, CNA, Student Job Placement/Career Services, Computer Labs, and the University Transfer Center. Building 3 across from the patio area and will consists of mostly Arts, Science Labs, Physical Education, and some General Education classes. Building 4 is on the side of Building 1 and its main purpose is for utilities. No unauthorized personnel can access the utilities building.
Mediobanca was set up to provide medium-term financing for manufacturers and establish a direct relationship between the banking sector and the investment needs of the reorganization of industry after the devastation caused by World War II. The Banking Act of 1936 established a clear separation between short term and medium-to-long term financing and the major banks had opted for specializing in short-term loans and there was the institution that would deal with financing for the flotation of companies that wished to obtain a stock market listing. In addition to granting consolidated loans against certificates of deposit and savings books, Mediobanca developed its activity of placement of bonds and shares issued by Italian companies. The professionalism developed by the bank under the brilliant guidance of Enrico Cuccia enabled it to quickly acquire a position of leadership in the field of investment banking in Italy. In the mid-1950s, Mediobanca entered into agreements with important foreign partners (Lazard Group, Berliner Händel-Gesellschaft, Lehman Brothers, Sofina) that enabled the bank to play a role on the international market and obtained a Stock Exchange listing in 1956.
Dean Jaensch is an Australian political scientist and a retired Professor of Political and International Studies at The Flinders University of South Australia. Jaensch was awarded a Bachelor of Arts (Honours), a Master of Arts and PhD from the University of Adelaide. He wrote many highly regarded books on political parties, electoral politics and voting behaviour in Australian politics, and also focussed on State politics, Northern Territory politics, federalism within the Anglosphere and empirical methodology. 
Most of the taxa belonging to this clade had been referred to the Asteridae in the Cronquist system (1981) and to the Sympetalae in earlier systems. The name asterids (not necessarily capitalised) resembles the earlier botanical name but is intended to be the name of a clade rather than a formal ranked name, in the sense of the "ICBN". This clade is one of the two most speciose groups of eudicots, the other being the rosids. It consists of:
Recording session.
The term "Ceralamdivu" or "Ceran tivu" and its cognates, meaning the "island of the Ceran kings", is a Classical Tamil name of Sri Lanka that takes root from the term Chera, from which the dynasty name is derived.
In Macedon, especially under Philip V of Macedon and Perseus of Macedon, the Agema formed an elite body within the corps of 'Peltasts'. This corps is not to be confused with the light infantry. The Macedonian Peltast corps was the equivalent of the Hypaspists in Alexander the Great's army. The Agema, as well as the Peltasts, according to Duncan Head, would fight in pitched battle as a conventional phalanx. Yet they may have used lighter equipment for forced marches.
<doc id="2800383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2800383" title="Lauricocha, Huánuco">
Communist Party of Albania 8 November (in Albanian: "Partia Komuniste e Shqipërisë 8 Nëntori") is a political party in Albania. It is led by Preng Çuni.
Literary work.
Third party support: Two ODF plug-ins for Microsoft Office.
The Banjoline has six strings arranged in four courses and it has a scale length similar to that of a plectrum banjo. The two lowest courses consist of pairs of two strings and the two highest courses consist of two single strings. The Banjoline was intended to be tuned like a plectrum banjo (from low to high, CGBD). The strings were also described as octave base, unison third, single, second and first.
Kawasaki Ninja ZX-14
Chinese Quarter, Birmingham
Ritscher Upland () is a large ice-covered upland of western Queen Maud Land, bounded by Kraul Mountains and Heimefront Range to the west and southwest, and by Borg Massif and Kirwan Escarpment to the east. It was discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939), and named for Capt. Alfred Ritscher, leader of the expedition. It was remapped from air photos taken by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–1952), led by John Schjelderup Giæver.
