
Page argues that some weapons, including heavy artillery, tanks, frigates and destroyers, are rendered obsolete by modern airpower and that the UK should scrap most or all of its capacity in these areas.
William Lucas Root
In 1980 she became the first female party leader of the Liberal People's Party, and held this position to 1982.
The paper's office is situated at 1 Seaside Road in Withernsea.

But after struggling with record labels for years Stevie Rachelle decided to form his own for the band in 1994. Tuff was first signed in 1990 by Atlantic Records. The band was then picked up by IRS Grand Slamm Records in early 1993. The label folded in less than a year with the end of the mother label IRS Records which distributed Grand Slamm. Tuff were without a label again. In early 1994, Rachelle officially started RLS Records. The initials had a dual meaning. The first was "Record Labels Suck" & the second was "Rachelle's Lyrics & Songs". The offshoot Cheezee Records was formed in 1996 to be the home for the singer's side project Cheeseheads With Attitude.
Jonathan Myles
List of sequels to Looking Backward
This is a list of notable footballers who have played for Scarborough. Generally, this means players that have played 100 or more league appearances for the club. However, some players who have played fewer matches are also included; this includes holders of a club record and players who gained international caps whilst with the club. The list only includes statistics available for the Football League, as a source is not available for the period of 1889–1987.
In the 1950s the Framingham heart study led by Dawber revealed the correlation between high blood cholesterol levels and coronary heart diseases. Following up from that study the researchers explored a novel way to lower blood cholesterol levels without modifying the diet and lifestyle of subjects suffering with elevated blood cholesterol levels. The primary goal was to inhibit the cholesterol biosynthesis in the body. Hence HMG-CoA reductase (HMGR) became a natural target. HMGR was found to be the rate-limiting enzyme in the cholesterol biosynthetic pathway. There is no build-up of potentially toxic precursors when HMGR is inhibited, because hydroxymethylglutarate is water soluble and there are alternative metabolic pathways for its breakdown.
