The University of Montana started its collections in the 1890s with contributions from such renowned individuals as Morton J. Elrod, who was an early founding biologist, professor, and researcher at the University of Montana, and who also founded the Flathead Lake Biological Research Station in 1899. On September 1, 1939, the museum came under the direction of Dr. Philip L. Wright, who adamantly pursued collections until his death in 1997. That same year the university renamed the museum in honor of Dr. Wright's diligent efforts. Until recently it was under the direction of curator David L. Dyer; it is otherwise staffed by volunteers.


Elliott originally recorded for Roulette Records, before moving with his brother Roland to Atlantic Records in 1968, though none of his later records charted in Europe or the US.
For the 2004 season Bilbutikken WRT (Subaru jr team in 2004) bough their first brand new Subaru Rally car from Prodrive. The N9 car proved to be much quicker than the Norwegian build 2001 car the team used in 2003. Anders and Trond Inge won their first overall victory in a non-championship rally called Eidskogsprinten. They also achieved their first fastest stage time in a championship round. 
The Engineering Department is in the School of Applied Technology, TEI of Piraeus. Its mission is to promote the teaching and applied research, development and transfer of technological knowledge in the field of Engineering.To acquire the necessary knowledge, the Department is developing a suitable theoretical background to study high-level laboratory and practical training, and organization infrastructure for applied technological research. With the theoretical and applied scientific training that graduates are equipped with the necessary knowledge and skills to meet the greatly increased demands of work in the best possible way.
Arabia Mountain is the sixth studio album by American garage punk band Black Lips, released on June 7, 2011. The album was written and recorded over a nine-month stretch from March 2010 to January 2011. Lockett Pundt produced "Bicentennial Man" and "Go Out and Get It", while Mark Ronson was responsible for producing the rest. The production by Ronson was conducted first in a Brooklyn studios, but completed in Black Lips' hometown of Atlanta due to time constraints. The music video for the first single, "Go Out and Get It", was released on March 2. The music video for the second single, "Modern Art", was released on April 5. "New Direction" was leaked to the public by Rolling Stone on May 16. The music video for "Raw Meat" was chosen by Pitchfork in The Top Music Videos of 2011.

