
Original version and remixes.
On July 19, at 13：00 in the afternoon, attackers detonated explosives in a tunnel under the Taiping (太平) Gate. This is the first recorded time that men felt a light earthquake from an underground explosion. A second blast occurred about one minute later and then a large section of the wall exploded with pieces flying from 2 to 10 km away.




<doc id="19672363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19672363" title="Purmerend Weidevenne railway station">
In "Star Wars: Jedi - Mace Windu", Dooku sends Ventress to Ruul to help frame Mace Windu. Ventress briefly confronts Sora Bulq, who had been secretly corrupted by Dooku, as a ruse. Ventress kills Mira in the battle and then engages Jedi Masters Sian Jeisel, K' Kruhk and Rhad Tarn all of whom she defeats singlehandedly. After framing Windu for the crime, Ventress corrupts Tarn. While Tarn fights against Jeisel, Ventress defeats K'Kruhk in combat. Windu's timely arrival saves the Jedi; Ventress finds that she is no match for Windu's power and is forced to flee.
Mass media.
Batting.
Common Uses.
A graduate in Media Arts from Royal Holloway University, Nick Hallard has also acted in short films and acted as production designer for the independent thriller "Project Assassin". He appears as an extra in "The Borrowers" and Kenneth Branagh's "Hamlet".
Specification frames and templates.
Ellenfeldstadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Neunkirchen, Saarland, Germany. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of Borussia Neunkirchen. The stadium has a capacity of 23,000 spectators.
Modelville 2.
Published in Phys.Lett.B74:68,1978.
United States Senate election in Alabama, 2004

In 1903, he graduated from Columbia University with a Master of Arts degree.

Crack cocaine is a substance that affects the brain chemistry of the user: causing euphoria, supreme confidence, loss of appetite, insomnia, alertness, increased energy, a craving for more cocaine,
Head Coach: John Monie 
Begun in 2009, Hair der kunst is the collective brainchild of K8 Hardy and NYC hair stylist Shaun SureThing for Seagull Salon. Drawing from inspirations such as Vidal Sassoon structure, Bauhaus and Brutalist architecture, Hair der kunst is a study in the movement of hair, the theoretical movements of architectural structure and the moments, un-captured, between the stillness of a haircut and its documentation.
In Pakistan, the Chinese New Year is also celebrated among the sizable Chinese expatriate community that lives in the country. During the festival, the Chinese embassy in Islamabad arranges various cultural events in which Pakistani arts and cultural organizations and members of the civil society also participate.
John Hungerford Pollen (senior)

When Morris returned to England, he was initially stationed in Northampton, and later in Marlow, Buckinghamshire. Soon after the restoration of the English Catholic hierarchy in 1850, he was named a canon of the new Diocese of Northampton. He returned to Rome to serve as the Vice-Rector of the English College (1853–1856). During this period, he became postulator for the English Martyrs, whose cause for beatification he greatly advanced. Returning to England, he took part in the third Synod of Westminster, became secretary to Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman, whom he nursed on his death-bed, and then served under Wiseman's successor, Henry Edward Manning, until he left to become a Jesuit in 1867. 
