The following are listed buildings or sites in Rhineland-Palatinate’s Directory of Cultural Monuments:
The municipal election held on 7 June 2009 yielded the following results:
In total, four surveys have been conducted in the commonwealth. The first survey was created in 1836, making it one of the oldest geological surveys in the United States. It was followed by the Second Survey, which ran from 1874 to approximately 1895; and the Third Survey, which ran from 1910 to 1919. The fourth, and current, survey was created in 1919 and continues today.
Duntisbourne Abbots Soulmate Devastation Technique
The following are listed buildings or sites in Rhineland-Palatinate’s Directory of Cultural Monuments:
The three charges in the arms are a castle, which represents the Sprengelburg or Springeburg, a “bend sinister wavy”, which represents the Talbach, which begins in the village with the merging of two other streams, and a crossed hammer and pick, which represent the old quarries in the outlying centre of the Schneeweiderhof.

Thus did Franz Xaver Remling report on a visit to the Remigiusberg in 1850. In the late 1920s and early 1930s, the Nazi Party (NSDAP) was becoming quite popular in Haschbach. In the 1928 Reichstag elections, only 0.6% of the local votes went to Adolf Hitler’s party, but by the 1930 Reichstag elections, this had grown to 11.3%. By the time of the 1933 Reichstag elections, after Hitler had already seized power, local support for the Nazis had swollen to 31.7%. Hitler’s success in these elections paved the way for his Enabling Act of 1933 ("Ermächtigungsgesetz"), thus starting the Third Reich in earnest. Once the state of Rhineland-Palatinate had been founded after the Second World War and the Palatinate had been split away from Bavaria, the broader territorial arrangements did not change at ﬁrst, although from 1945 to 1949, Haschbach was itself seat of the mayoralty. Only with administrative restructuring in 1968 did Haschbach pass as an "Ortsgemeinde" to the newly founded "Verbandsgemeinde" of Kusel, with effect from 1972. In 1959, the municipality’s name, which hitherto had been simply Haschbach, was lengthened to the current form, Haschbach am Remigiusberg, to avoid confusion with Haschbach am Glan, an outlying centre of Henschtal, which lies nearby, in the same district.
James Lord (bobsleigh)
Villages.
Population development.

Clubs.
Wiesweiler’s "Ortsteile" are Wiesweiler on the Glan’s left bank and the formerly self-administering village of Berschweiler on its right bank.
In 1287, Hunhausen (see Vanished villages below) had its ﬁrst documentary mention. About 1290, a document mentioned a man named Wilmar Vilemann von Alben, who may well have been the ﬁrst in a line of lesser noblemen of the house of Alben, who in the Late Middle Ages held important ofﬁces under Emperor Sigismund in Vienna and Hungary. His signiﬁcance is that his noble house, “Alben”, bears the same name as the village, although the latter also bears the preﬁx "Nieder—" (“Nether” or “Lower”). Johann von Agram from the German noble family of Alben became Chancellor of Fünfkirchen, and his brother became Bishop of Fünfkirchen. One of the ﬁrst written records about the area is a "Weistum" (a "Weistum" – cognate with English "wisdom" – was a legal pronouncement issued by men learned in law in the Middle Ages and early modern times) from the "Hochgericht auf der Heide" (“High Court on the Heath”) to which a letter of enfeoffment refers as early as 1351. The High Court on the Heath – a geographical area as well as an actual court – was the land between the Steinalb, the Glan and the Nahe, which in the late 10th century became more heavily settled, as witnessed in documents from both Emperor Otto III and Archbishop Willigis of Mainz. It is likely that the area later passed to Electorate of the Palatinate as an Imperial pledge, and was then transferred by that state to the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves of Steinkallenfels and Grumbach, along with the high court jurisdiction. Already by Ottonian times, the area was no longer held by the kingly treasury anyway. In a directory of fiefs from about 1200 for the Rhinegrave Wolfram, it says: “"Item de Abbate de Sancto Albano habet Ringravius in feodo Helbach und Wiselbach apud Winterhuche, duas villas cum omni iure."” This text in somewhat fractured Mediaeval Latin – it even has the German word "und" thrown in in one place – roughly translates as “Likewise from Saint Alban’s Abbey, the Rhinegrave has in ﬁef "Helbach" and "Wiselbach" near "Winterhuche", two estates with all rights.” The high court jurisdiction in the region of the High Court on the Heath was never challenged. In 1429, the Waldgraves and Rhinegraves enfeoffed a man named Johann von Hagen with the villages and courts of "Alben", "Nyderalben" and "Hunehausen". Here, the name "Alben" was used for a place that still exists now, part of Niederalben, and today customarily called the "Oberdorf" (“upper village”).
As of 2007, the following clubs exist in Matzenbach:
Alongside his medical career, Dan Reinstein has regularly played the saxophone for over 35 years. His musical training includes two years of study on a performance scholarship at the Berklee College of Music, in Boston. Despite his busy medical career, he continues to play jazz on a monthly basis at the 606 Club in Chelsea, London. He discovered a way of combining his surgical and medical passions: performing LASIK for presbyopia on many of his jazz idols; he has operated on many jazz greats including John McLaughlin (musician), Peter Erskine, Billy Cobham, Béla Fleck, Dave Weckl, Steve Smith (musician), Ron Carter, Randy Brecker, Tom Coster, Bill Evans (saxophonist), Ric Fierabracci, Victor Bailey, Jojo Mayer, Jerry Bergonzi, Dean Brown (guitarist), Warren Hill (musician), Rachel Z, Robben Ford, Michael Colina, Morris Pleasure (Earth, Wind & Fire), Dave Samuels, Sean Rickman, Payton Crossley, Werner “Vana” Gierig, Bonnie Tyler, Brian Bennett of the Shadows and many others.
