The Arbeiter-Turn- und Sportbund (ATSB or Workers' Gymnastics and Sports Federation) was a national German sports organization active between 1893-1933. The organization actively promoted leftist political views built around class struggle and nationalism.
After Emperor Xianzong died in 820 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Muzong, Emperor Muzong was impressed by Wei Chuhou's scholarship, and he made Wei a deputy imperial scholar (翰林侍講學士, "Hanlin Shijiang Xueshi"). Wei was also made "Jianyi Daifu" (諫議大夫), and later "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau, while retaining his status as deputy imperial scholar. As Wei considered Emperor Muzong to be neglectful with his studies, he, along with his colleague Lu Sui, wrote a 20-volume summary of the "I Ching", "Classic of History", "Shi Jing", "Spring and Autumn Annals", "Classic of Rites", "Xiao Jing", and "Analects", entitled, the "Guiding Words from the Six Classics" (六經法言). Emperor Muzong appreciated the work, and rewarded them with gold and silk. At that time, Emperor Muzong's favorite official Zhang Pingshu (張平叔) advocated that the state-supervised salt monopoly be further converted into a state-run business (with even stricter control by the state), believing that this would had great economic benefits. Zhang submitted a petition with 18 points, and Emperor Muzong tentatively indicated that he agreed with it, but distributed the petition among the officials for comment. Wei wrote a 10-point response rebutting Zhang, and when Emperor Muzong showed Wei's response to Zhang, Zhang, having no response to Wei, withdrew his proposal. As, at that time, the chronicles of Emperor Xianzong's reign had not yet been edited, Emperor Muzong put Wei and Lu in charge of the project, with each of them on duty on alternate days. Wei was also made acting deputy minister of defense (兵部侍郎, "Bingbu Shilang").
List of Armenian Apostolic churches in Russia.

In 1987 Taras Voznyak together with Mykola Yakovyna initiated the creation of the Independent Cultural Journal. The name of the Journal – "Ї" – was thought up by Ukrainian translator Hryhoriy Kochur and linguist Yuriy Shevelyov during the meeting in Lviv.
AP Biology
Written as "石鼓镇":
National Shrine of Saint Jude (England)
Its name came from a story stating that it was sketched in the early 1900s, sent to the foundry nameless, and progressed so little for so long, that it was called ""that old hobo"". Hobo, originally called "Adface", was finally patented in 1915 along with Light Hobo.
