Post World War II.
Most species of gall wasps live as gall-formers on oaks. One of the most well-known of these oak gall wasps is the common oak gall wasp ("Cynips quercusfolii"), which induces characteristic, 2-cm in diameter, spherical galls on the undersides of oak leaves.
From the 1940s on, "Peace News" began to take a strongly critical line towards British rule in Kenya. The magazine also established links with African anti-colonial activists Kwame Nkrumah and Kenneth Kaunda, and ""Peace News"′ close involvement with the anti-apartheid struggle...led to the banning of the paper in South Africa in 1959". During the 1950s, "Peace News" contributors included such noted activists as André Trocmé, Martin Niemöller, Fenner Brockway, A. J. Muste, Richard B. Gregg, Alex Comfort, Donald Soper, Michael Scott, Leslie Hall, M.P., Muriel Lester, Emrys Hughes, M.P., Wilfred Wellock, and Esmé Wynne-Tyson

Tongji
Hashiba Hideyohi (later Toyotomi Hideyoshi), a retainer of Oda Nobunaga, went on an expedition to the Chūgoku region to reunify Japan in 1582. Muneharu resisted Hideyoshi, locking himself in Bitchu Takamatsu Castle. Hideyoshi advised Muneharu to surrender on the condition that Muneharu give him Bitchu Province, but Muneharu refused. Takamatsu Castle was flooded by Hideyoshi and nearly fell (this strategy was worked out by Kuroda Yoshitaka, who was on the staff of Hideyoshi). 
The film also contains motifs from Greek mythology, in which gods manipulate humans in a higher agenda. Proyas said, "I do like Greek mythology and have read a little of it, so maybe some of it has crept into the work, though I don't completely agree with that point of view."
<doc id="1884846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1884846" title="Iodine-131">
Runyan was born in Santa Maria, California. After graduating from Camarillo High School in 1987, she went on to study at San Diego State University, where she began competing in several sporting events: the heptathlon, 200-meter dash, high jump, shot put, 100-meter hurdles, long jump, javelin throw and the 800-meter run. In 1994 she received her master's degree.

In 2003 underground rapper Aroz, based in New York City, spearheaded the Nepalese underground hip hop movement through his website (now defunct) nephop.com. The term "Nephop" soon gained worldwide popularity and is accepted as referring to Nepalese hiphop in general.
