(46591) 1992 WS1 is a main-belt minor planet. It was discovered by Atsushi Sugie at the Dynic Astronomical Observatory Japan, on November 18, 1992.
Lanterne river
1297–1303.
The initial planning for the parish and the construction of the buildings was done by Msgr. Frederick O'Beck who was the pastor at St. Mary's in Victoria. The Rev. Henry Rolf was named the first pastor on July 12, 1958. The parish was officially established the following day.
The origin of influence of the phrase is regarded in mainstream sources to have derived from economist Joseph Stiglitz's May 2011 article "Of the 1%, by the 1%, for the 1%" in "Vanity Fair", in which he was criticizing the economic inequality present in the United States. In the article Stiglitz spoke of the damaging impact of economic inequality involving 1% of the U.S. population owning a large portion of economic wealth in the country, while 99% of the population hold much less economic wealth than the richest 1%:
Born in 1988, Longman was brought up in Birkenhead, Wirral and attended St Werburgh's R.C Primary School and later St John Plessington High School in Bebington.
In 1824, Dr George Pinckard formed a committee of physicians and members of the clergy which published a pamphlet called 'Prospectus for the Establishment of a new Assurance Office with Improved Arrangements'. On 18 June 1824, the Medical, Clerical and General Life Assurance Society was formed. Pinckard was appointed as Chairman, the Marquis of Huntly as President, and Pinckard's brother Joseph as Resident Secretary and Actuary. A board of directors, which included eight eminent physicians was also appointed. The company's first policy was issued to Richard Pinckard, a nephew of Dr George Pinckard.

Minor leagues (1973–1975).
The state Champion of Champions is an annual event run by BQ. Club champions in singles, pairs and fours compete against other champions in their district. Whoever wins the district competition, moves on to the state champion of champions. This year's champion of champions will be held at Bribie Island Bowls Club from 22–27 October 2011.
Seagull Lake
LPE is present as a minor phospholipid in the cell membrane. Actually, LPE was detected in human serum, and its level is reported to be about several hundred ng mL−1. Available sources of LPE are egg yolk lecithin (≤1.5%), soybean lecithin (≤0.2%), and other lecithins.
Turneriprocris is a genus of moths in the Zygaenidae family. It contains only one species, Turneriprocris dolens, which is found in the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania and Victoria.

