<doc id="38336447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38336447" title="Ulrik of Denmark">


Shaffer's compositions have been published by 12 companies and in at least three languages. They include three musicals, orchestral pieces, chamber music, a chamber opera, a ballet, organ music, cantatas, and song cycles. Her "Three Faces of Woman" was recorded in orchestral arrangement by Richard Stoltzman and the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra. She has earned grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities, National Endowment for the Arts, and the Aspen Music Festival. She has also served as a choir director, organist, and teacher, and hosted a radio program called "Eine Kleine Frauenmusik" about female composers.
Intersport Racing is an American auto racing team founded by Jon Field. The team is based in Dublin, Ohio. They currently operate two Oreca FLM09 sports cars in the American Le Mans Series.
Warning (horse)
The ships are bulk carriers, 189.99m long overall (182m between perpendiculars) with 56,000 dwt and approximately 31000gt. Hold volume is over 70,000m³, divided between five cargo holds with four cranes. Main engines are generally MAN B&W 6S50MC-C low-speed diesels. Service speed is 14.5 knots.

Perestroika advanced a new wave of the Belarusian national revival. Several new regional cultural national organisations like Talaka were formed by end of the 1980s. Also political pro-independence movement of the Belarusian Popular Front, led by the charismatic leader Zianon Pazniak was founded in 1988. Following the elections held in 1990 Belarusian Popular Front created a 35-member fraction in the Supreme Soviet of Belarus and became a driving force in Belarus gaining independence following the dissolution of the USSR.
2014 Chicago Red Stars.
Diva Junction railway station

<doc id="38341366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38341366" title="Aphra flavicosta">

National Unity Party (Philippines)
Criteria.
<doc id="38343647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38343647" title="Annenberg (surname)">

Technical Achievement
Leonardo Artur de Melo

Seventy or 70 may refer to:
About forty participating and onlooking students were expelled from their universities. Yuliya Vishnevskaya and Leonid Gubanov were held in a psychiatric ward for a month for distributing the appeal. Vladimir Bukovsky had been arrested three days before the planned demonstration and was held in a ward for eight months.

Capture of Arendal
Schedule.

William called a Scottish Convention, which convened on 14 March in Edinburgh. Initially William's supporters did not have a clear advantage and the Marquis of Hamilton, chosen by William to represent him, only gained the presidency over the Marquess of Atholl, who was associated with James, by a narrow margin. The faction that supported James, including many Episcopalians and led by figures including John Paterson, the Archbishop of Glasgow, were divided by James' previous attempts to achieve tolerance for Roman Catholics. A letter from James, received on 16 March, contained a threat to punish all who rebelled against him and declared the assembly illegal. This resulted in his followers abandoning the Convention, leaving the Williamites largely unopposed. William's supporters had control of the burgh, but Edinburgh Castle, with its formidable arsenal, was held by the Catholic Earl of Gordon. With Dundee raising troops in the Highlands, the convention met in a highly charged political atmosphere, behind closed doors and guarded by some 1,000 Cameronians.
Cottapistus


Tom Stocky is a director of product management at Facebook, where he led the team that built Graph Search along with Lars Rasmussen. Prior to Facebook, he was a director of product management at Google, responsible for search, client and infrastructure products based in Zurich. He’s credited with Google’s early forays into travel, leading up to the acquisition of ITA Software, which closed in April, 2011. He had also helped start their developer products team and was part of the team that launched Google App Engine in April, 2008.


<doc id="38351932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38351932" title="Mock (surname)">
Wyoming Historic District is a national historic district located at Wyoming, Kent County, Delaware. It encompasses 310 contributing buildings and 10 contributing structures in the town of Wyoming. It mainly consists of residential and commercial buildings developed after the arrival of the Delaware Railroad in 1855. Significant development occurred from the 1870s to 1941 and include examples of the Classical Revival, Bungalow/craftsman, and Queen Anne styles. Notable buildings include the town hall, the former W. M. Harris & Son Vinegar & Canning Factory, Wyoming mill complex, the Wyoming United Methodist Church, First National Bank of Wyoming, and the main building of the former Wyoming Institute. The Wyoming Railroad Station is located in the district and listed separately.
