Eastern Lombard has always been a spoken language and, in spite of sporadic attempts to fix the main features in a written grammar, a unique canonical variety has never prevailed over the others. The present day situation sees a large number of varieties, roughly identifiable by the area where a particular variety is spoken (so, you may encounter a Bergamasque, Brescian, a Camunic variety, etc.). Varieties differ mainly in phonology, syntax and word choice.<br>
Lee Barrow
The treat's name loosely translates in English to "Yummy-Hair Baldie", because the candy is squeezed out of a tube through a grate, producing a Medusa-like effect.
Harold "Hal" Block (August 2, 1913 – June 16, 1981) was an American comedy writer, comedian, producer, songwriter and television personality. Although Block was a highly successful comedy writer for over 15 years, today he is most often remembered as an original panelist of the television game show "What's My Line?" who was fired from the show in only its third season, reportedly for inappropriate on-air behavior. Block is a controversial figure in the history of television with denunciations being made by some, while praised by others as a writer and for contributing to the original success of "What's My Line?"
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, which was first used to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15.
Undeterred, he also pushed forward the development of a new type of cannon, originally known as the "Gasconade" or "Melvillade", but better known by its later name, the "Carronade". The carronade was designed as a short-range naval weapon with a low muzzle velocity, and is said to have been invented by Lieutenant General Robert Melville in 1759. It was developed by Gascoigne from 1769 to 1779. It was adopted by the Royal Navy in 1779.
<doc id="6003066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6003066" title="Trebbin">
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting Average; HR = Home Runs; RBI = Runs Batted In"

Lord Valentia died in January 1927, aged 83, and was succeeded by his younger son, the Hon. Caryl Arthur James Annesley, as Lord Valentia's elder son, the Hon. Arthur Annesley, was killed in action in 1914.
In the game.
Impact.
Elkhart city directories (available Elkhart Public Library)McMakin, Dean "Musical Instrument Manufacturing in Elkhart, Indiana" (unpublished typescript, 1987, available Elkhart Public Library)The Elkhart Truth, Saturday 25 September 1954, obituary of E.K. BlessingInterviews with Blessing employees
<doc id="6005080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6005080" title="Salisbury House (Des Moines, Iowa)">
No Boundaries (Natalie MacMaster album)

She is very close friends with Kim Clijsters. She made herself unavailable for selection in Fed Cup tie against China in 2007, because she wished to attend the wedding of Clijsters and American basketball player Brian Lynch that week-end (14 July 2007) instead.
In 1950, the two rival jurisdictions held synods (in the same cathedral in New York) at which unification was approved by both, and on October 13, a combined unification synod was held, with both groups signing onto union. A number of clergy and parishes under Spylka were unconvinced of the sincerity of the "UOC of USA" group, however, and convinced him to reject the union. Union was proclaimed, but it was not complete, lacking the support of Spylka and those who had convinced him to remain separate. Archbishop Mstyslav joined the new united church - the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the USA, along with a number of Spylkas' parishes, and the union was celebrated on October 14 by those who participated.
Kari Bremnes (born 9 December 1956 in Svolvær, Lofoten) is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.
History.
