Lingeigh
Notable buildings.
Jim Nettles
He returned to Rome, continuing to work as a sculptor under the direction of Michelangelo. There he contributed to work on the tomb of Julius II at San Pietro in Vincoli, and contributed (along with Bandinelli) to the tomb of Pope Leo X at Santa Maria sopra Minerva.
The murder of 37 priests, brothers and seminarians by leftists in Asturias marks what some see as the beginning of the Red Terror. In October 1934, the Asturian Revolution was strongly anticlerical and involved violence against priests and religious and the destruction of 58 churches, actions that had been rare until that time.
State Route 128 (SR-128) is a one-mile (1.6 km) long route in Tallapoosa County. The route’s western terminus is at a junction with State Route 63. The route ends one mile (1.6 km) later at the entrance to Wind Creek State Park along Lake Martin. 

Maine Ski Hall of Fame.
In the spring of 2011, KFOG announced that a proper venue for the show could not be found, and that KaBoom for 2011 was cancelled. No announcement has since been made for KaBoom since 2012.
Plot.
The Crimes (Substituted Section 59) Amendment Act 2007 (formerly the Crimes (Abolition of Force as a Justification for Child Discipline) Amendment Bill) is an amendment to New Zealand's Crimes Act 1961 which removed the legal defence of "reasonable force" for parents prosecuted for assault on their children. 
Australian painted lady

<doc id="11252736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11252736" title="Player Winning Percentage">

Shammi Kapoor plays Pritam, a young man who desperately needs a job to pay for his mother's tuberculosis treatment. He finds out about a job tutoring two young women and two schoolgoing children - the catch is that their guardian, Sita Devi Verma (Lalita Pawar), will only hire an old man for the job. Pritam disguises himself as an old man and takes the job. The situation is very tense between the young women and their aunt as the girls' parents have recently died and Sita Devi was given the responsibility of the caretaking the children. While Pritam's young avatar is romancing one of his two young tutoring charges (Kalpana), his old avatar is romancing their guardian.
by Andrew Bergman
Noah was constantly occupied in the ark; for he had to attend to all the living things which were with him and which fed at different times. One of the lions, having become enraged at Noah, attacked and injured him, so that he remained lame for the rest of his life. 
With the rise of football hooliganism across English football during the 1970s and 1980s, matches between the two clubs brought some minor and major incidents of hooliganism. Since then, the modern game has seen a decrease in violence between the rival supporters and incidents are fairly uncommon. This is more likely due to an increase in Police presence and CCTV with huge steps taken to keep the fans separated. To this day, both sets of fans still hold a resentment toward each other. As well as physical violence, sections of the clubs' fan bases often taunt each other with unsavoury chants about the Munich air disaster and the Hillsborough disaster respectively.
Schematic flow diagram and description.
CALM, and the Botanic Gardens and Parks Authority of Perth, Western Australia.

Sầm Sơn is a resort town in northern Vietnam, situated 16 km east of Thanh Hóa Province capital, Thanh Hóa, on the shore of the East sea.
It occurred on October 23, 1940 in the local train station of Hendaye, near the Spanish-French border, attended by the Foreign Affairs ministers, Ramón Serrano Súñer of Spain and Joachim von Ribbentrop of Nazi Germany.
Two-screw clamps still provide force on two sides (one dimension) only. Four (or more) screw clamps provide force on four (or more) sides, and thus two dimensions.
Style.
Walpole was created Earl of Orford after he retired from the premiership in 1742, and he used his influence with King George II to have his illegitimate daughter by Lady Walpole, Maria, granted the rank and precedence of an earl’s daughter, so that she became ‘Lady Maria Walpole’. She was born between 1723 and 1734 and later married Colonel Charles Churchill of Chalfont, with whom she had two daughters.
"Lachnospiraceae/Veillonellaceae". In addition, "G. vaginalis" and "L. iners" were detected in each
Wehr may refer to:
During the Second World War a subcamp of the Natzweiler-Struthof Nazi concentration camp was situated here.

<doc id="11260253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11260253" title="Mararía">
Dippy is a featured Pittsburgh landmark on Yinztagram.
<doc id="11261016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11261016" title="Jorge Daniel Castro">
Dating back to the 13th century, the church was constructed by Aston Church as part of the Diocese of Lichfield. It is dedicated to King Alfred's granddaughter, Edburgha. This is unusual in that Yardley was mentioned as being the property of Pershore Abbey in King Edgar of England's Charter of 972.
Student groups and organizations.
Cayetano was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the 2013 New Year Honours.
The first experimental touring motorcycle rally was held in 1935 in Brussels. It was organized by FIdCM (Federation Internationale des Club Motocyclistes), a counterpart of the contemporary FIM International Motorcycling Federation. The idea of the rally was well received by the motorcycling community. This prompted the founder to create a regular event. 
Rank and organization: First Lieutenant, U.S. Army Air Corps, 359th Bomb Squadron, 303d Bomb Group. Place and date: Over Vegesack, Germany, March 18, 1943. Entered service at: San Angelo, Tex. Born: September 25, 1921, San Angelo, Tex. G.O. No.: 38, July 12, 1943.
