The line "was claimed to be" the first to employ a steam navvy (a steam-powered mechanical digger) in its construction.
Examples.
Throughout his life Dickinson fascinated family and friends with his constant sketching; some sketches, including those for the "Washington Walk Book", are at the Library of Congress Thousands of Dickinson sketches are of places, trees, vistas, figures, and boats, notably in parks, on mountain trails, at Squam Lake in New Hampshire, and in China. One of Dickinson's folios was full of colored sketches of gaily painted Chinese junks. Many sketches became frontispieces and cards.
Aftermath.
<doc id="7829308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7829308" title="Alexander Grachev">
Southern Rhodesia competed as "Rhodesia" at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. It was the last of three appearances at the Summer Olympics by a Rhodesian representation; Zimbabwe would make its first appearance at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Income in the United States
Lyricist Ajanthaa Ranasinghe said that, "Died Jothipala was too strong and popular than the lived Jothipala", proving that after his death, his songs reached its ultimate popularity and even now his songs are sing in every Reality show in Sri Lanka. Another journalist reported Jothipala's death as "The Falling of Sinhala Cultural peak stone".
<doc id="7831089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7831089" title="Soterios Johnson">
Other Uses.
In 1985 Sohmer & Co. bought Mason & Hamlin and William Knabe trademarks and equipment from the receivers of the bankrupt Aeolian Corporation, and in 1986, Pratt, Read & Co. sold Sohmer Holding Co. to a group of investors headed by Robert MacNeil. Production was moved to a new facility in Elysburg, Pennsylvania.
In 852, after the death of Aleran, Count of Troyes, he was nominated to hold his vacant office and his brother Robert succeeded him in Anjou. In 858, Charles named his son Louis the Stammerer to the "ducatus Cenomannicus" and Robert, angered by his loss of influence there, revolted and called in the aid of Louis the German. Odo soon joined him. The brothers were subsequently expelled from their counties and Troyes confiscated and confided to one Rudolph.

Kiley Gaffney is an Australian musician and performance artist. Before signing to Warner (WEA) in 1995, she worked predominantly in theatre (acting and singing) and the artworld (performance).

TV.
After beginning to prepare these men (many of whom were already middle-aged and married) for career advancement through an initial "business science" course in 1912, Georgia Tech officially started its Evening School of Commerce the following year. By the time that newspaper ad was published in 1914, the school had moved from campus to occupy the seventh floor of the downtown Walton office building (no longer standing).
The historic Glenample Homestead, built by pioneer pastoralist Hugh Gibson in 1869 from locally quarried sandstone, is situated at the end of walk. The homestead currently stands as a museum, and displays information about the Loch Ard shipwreck, in which survivors Eva Carmichael and ship apprentice Tom Pearce were taken to the homestead to recover. The homestead also contained information about early station life - including other shipwrecks and local pastoral history; however, the building has been closed indefinitely since 13 September 2007.



