After trials with Doncaster Rovers and Chester City in December 2000, Haarhoff signed a short-term deal with the latter club in January 2001 after Birmingham released him from his contract. He began well, but failed to make the starting eleven in the latter part of the season. With his contract due to expire, Haarhoff was one of several players called in by the chairman for two weeks' fitness training; those who failed to attend, Haarhoff included, were threatened with dismissal, but a few days later he was offered and accepted a two-year contract. In October 2001, after a change of ownership and management at the club, Haarhoff was offered a loan move to Droylsden of the Northern Premier League, which he turned down. In February 2002 he had been playing for the reserve team, but returned to the first team as a substitute to score a last-minute winner to knock Hereford United out and reach the quarter-final of the FA Trophy. He was given a squad number prior to the 2002–03 season, but in August 2002 he joined Droylsden on a three-month loan, a move which was made permanent five weeks later.
The Glasgow Herald magazine praised the band's style, hailing them as their "new favourite Scottish Band" drawing similarities with the powerpop of XTC and The Undertones. The band have received mainly positive coverage from the press, with further praise coming from The Daily Record describing the band as "the best thing to come out of St Andrews since KT Tunstall". The List described the group as having a "charming playfulness" and "unpretentious style". After seeing the band perform at Fête de la Musique as part of Glasgow's West End Festival, Paul Whitelaw described the band in his review of the event in The Scotsman as "Juicy, chewy pop-kids to savour, proving that life still twitches in this indie guitar-pop business". The Fly deem the band to "showcase a sound too big to be Scotland's secret for much longer" and have carried a number of positive live reviews.
Plot.
Rail lines run parallel to the highway, but there is no longer a station in Frontenac.
The film was followed by 1993's "The Unnamable Returns", also known as "The Unnamable II: The Statement of Randolph Carter" which featured, alongside Mark Kinsey Stephenson and Charles Clausmeyer, John Rhys-Davies and David Warner. Although this was the only H.P. Lovecraft movie adaptation for John Rhys-Davis, for David Warner it was the first as he would appear in Brian Yuzna's "", starring Jeffrey Combs and Signy Coleman.
