


Pitchfork named "Pink Turns to Blue" one of the 500 best songs since punk rock began. In its countdown of the 200 best songs of the 1980s, Treble magazine ranked the song #143. Trebles's Chris Karman justified the ranking by noting that the song "is the perfect encapsulation of what made Hüsker Dü stand out from their peers." By being "one of (the) first bands to truly mix hardcore's serrated riffs with pop song smarts, Hüsker Dü essentially provided a blueprint for pop-punk's evolution." He criticized the recording as being "a little thin, but everything else about it, right down to its melancholic tone, is practically a perfect prediction of the approach that would be adopted by many early '90s alternative bands." Toby Creswell said "Pink Turns to Blue" was one of the 1001 greatest songs ever recorded.
In 1861 Thomas Henry Huxley had created an order: Crossopterygii to house those extinct and extant animals that possessed lungs and fleshy pectoral fins with lepidotrichia. He had established a separate group (the tribe "Polypterinus") within the order "Crossopterygii" for "Polypterus" and "Calamichthys". He only had access to preserved specimens so his suggestion that "Polypterus" and "Calamichthys" belonged to "Crossopterygii" was only a theory. Work in the field was needed to test it. Francis Balfour and his Cambridge students had shown in the 1870s and early 1880s that embryology could help to answer questions about evolution. Perhaps the embryology of "Polypterus", lungfish and related groups could help to establish which group of fishes had given rise to amphibians and hence to all tetrapods.
Career.

<doc id="36445258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36445258" title="Twin Peaks (restaurant chain)">
In the semifinals, Real played against the Portland Timbers of the MLS on August 7, 2013. The end result was a 2–1 victory for Real with goals from Álvaro Saborío in the 7th minute and Joao Plata in the 78th minute. In the final minutes, Portland scored with a goal by Diego Valeri.
Early life.
Initially, all the Spanish columns made progress. The third column seized some important hills near Orles. But the Marquis de las Amarillas' column got held up and failed to support the third column. De Flers saw an opportunity and fell on the isolated third column in strength, driving it back. Conde de la Unión's column turned back to help and was able to stabilize the line for a while. However, the French launched another attack and routed the Spanish soldiers. 
Following the 1955 cricket season, Headley was invited to become a national coach, a post created by the Jamaican government, which involved working mainly with young people. Headley and his second son travelled back to Jamaica, while the rest of the family remained in England. Headley had a heavy workload, particularly in rural areas; together with his assistant Dickie Fuller his role involved encouraging school children to watch and play cricket, and trying to improve standards and facilities throughout the country. Headley became involved in the selection of teams, taking some of them overseas. At this time, he discovered the future West Indian Test player Roy Gilchrist and future Jamaican cricketer Henry Sewell. However, critics in the 1960s complained that there were not enough Jamaicans in the Test side and blamed Headley and Fuller, although the government remained supportive of their performance. In 1961, Headley coached for six months in Nigeria and earned praise from the Nigerian Cricket Association. His official coaching role in Jamaica ended after a new government withdrew funding for coaching in 1962.
