
Directed by Tracie Pang.
The most notable member of the Clan of Kur was Mikołaj Kiczka, the Archdeacon of Gniezno and one of the most trusted procurators to the King Władysław Jagiełło. On behalf of the king, he negotiated with the Teutonic Knights to establish borders delineation with Poland in Rome 1421–1422 in presence of the Pope Martin V.
Charles Cleveland Nutting (May 25, 1858 – January 23, 1927) was an American zoologist, born in Jacksonville, Illinois. He graduated from Blackburn University (1880) and received the M. A. degree from the same institution in 1882. He conducted various zoological expeditions—in Central America for the Smithsonian Institution (1882-84), in Florida (1885), on the Saskatchewan River (1891)—and was naturalist of the "Albatross" Hawaiian expedition in 1902. He was professor of zoology and curator of the Museum of Natural History of the University of Iowa from 1886 to 1890 and thereafter was head of his department. Nutting's most important publications are systematic papers dealing with marine hydroids, which appeared in the reports of the United States Commission of Fisheries and elsewhere and were reprinted, especially "American Hydroids" (part i, 1900; part iii, 1915). In this work Nutting described 124 new species and beautifully illustrated his monograph on American hydroids.
The choice to restore the ship to its original sloop condition was not universal. Jack Wilbur, a Noank boat builder and master mariner, believes the return to the sloop rigging was nonsensical because it went against the way the ship survived and lived from its early years, as a schooner. Wilbur states that the schooner rig preserved the Emma C. Berry longer than the entire lives of those who made the decision.
After working with Norman Foster (1972–76), Ritchie spent two years in France designing and constructing projects. In 1979 he founded Chrysalis Architects and also worked at Arup's Lightweight Structures Group in London. In 1981 he created Ian Ritchie Architects in London, and co-founded the design engineering firm Rice Francis Ritchie (RFR) with Peter Rice and Martin Francis in Paris. Before leaving RFR in 1989, this practice had been responsible for major projects in Paris including the Bioclimatic Façades at la Villette Cité des Sciences, and the Louvre Pyramids and Sculpture Courts with I M Pei. "Building Design" has described him as "an architect prepared to break with convention."
Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka
Jodłownik, Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Two regiments of the British Army have been numbered the 71st Regiment of Foot:


Rijen has been a hamlet of Gilze for years, which belonged to the Barony of Breda. In 1464 a chapel was added to this hamlet and was raised to an independent parish. Rijen stayed smaller than Gilze for a long time. In the period of 1831-1838, during the Belgian Revolution, many Dutch soldiers were encamped at Rijen. A few years later, in 1863, the Gilze-Rijen station was opened. This gave the opportunity for the industry to grow. Especially the leather industry grew very fast and the town with it. During the second World War, the existing town hall in Gilze was destroyed and rebuilt in the now bigger Rijen. 
He was sired by the British stallion Royal Charger, out of the French mare Source Sucree, whose sire, Admiral Drake, was third on the French sire list in 1949.
Peuschen is a municipality in the district Saale-Orla-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany.
WECU (1570 AM,) is a radio station broadcasting a Talk format. Licensed to Winterville, North Carolina, USA, it serves the Greenville area. The station is currently owned by CTC Media Group and operated by New Lite Media.
In August 2013 creation of an as yet unnamed high-level body to gather and analyze financial information and trends was announced by the central government. The central bank would participate as would people from other organizations engaged in financial matters. It would not have direct regulatory authority, but would attempt to function at the highest professional level in order to provide appropriate guidance to regulators with respect to matters such as shadow banking which are potential sources of instability.
The discovery in early 2013 of an undisturbed, imperial royal tomb, El Castillo de Huarmey, provides evidence of the material wealth and political power exercised by the Wari for centuries. The discovery of three royal women's bodies and their burial wealth plus the accompanying sixty bodies demonstrates a culture with the material wealth, political power, and administrative apparatus to provide extended veneration of the royal dead.

<doc id="13664720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13664720" title="Sir Christus">

Bakwana Kgosidintsi Kgari
Südliches Saaletal is a "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" ("collective municipality") in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany. The seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" is in Kahla, itself not part of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft".
<doc id="13666510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13666510" title="Henry Island">
A computer game called "EON - The Face of Deception" was planned, but not released.

SS Appomattox (1893)
Marco Invernizzi (born November 7th 1975) is an award-winning Italian bonsai artist and design consultant recognized internationally as a bonsai master. 
In 1943, due to the rapid expansion of orchards in the county, the Santa Clara Valley Water District identified that the well water in the Santa Clara Valley was being diminished at a rapid rate and a dam was needed on the Los Gatos Creek, two miles (3 km) south of Los Gatos. One goal was to percolate the water into the ground and ultimately increase the amount of well water available. After rerouting State Route 17 near Windy Point which is a mile south of Los Gatos, dam construction began in the spring of 1952 and was completed in the fall of 1952.

Each sublevel "J""α", "n" is transitive and contains all ordinals less than or equal to "αω" + "n". The sequence of sublevels is strictly increasing in "n", since a Σ"m" predicate is also Σ"n" for any "n" > "m". The levels "J""α" will thus be transitive and strictly increasing as well, and are also closed under pairing, Delta-0 comprehension and transitive closure. Moreover, they have the property that
