Moriba Morain (born 8 October 1992) is a Trinidadian sprinter.
Loti Dzonzi is Malawi current Inspector General of Police in Malawi. He was born in Ntchisi District Malawi. He was the former Police Commissioner prior to this appointment. He has been in the police force since 1987. His appointment was the first replacement under President Joyce Banda administration, therefore succeeding Peter Mukhito. He has vowed to stamp out corruption within the Malawi Police Service. The deputies appointed a few days later serving under him are deputies Finely Binali and Doreen Kapanga.
Julie Opp (1871–1921) was an American stage actress who was for a number of years popular on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. She was the wife of the Anglo- American actor William Faversham, whom she married shortly after the two co-starred in the 1902 Broadway production, "The Royal Rival".

Jason Ebanks
The Design Museum is located at the DHUB building in the Plaça de les Glòries. It will consist of a building project designed by MBM architecture firm, formed by Oriol Martorell, Oriol Bohigas and David Mackay. The building is under construction since, in July 2009, the then counsilor of Culture Joan Manuel Tresserras and the mayor Jordi Hereu, laid the first stone.
A noncontact flowmeter is a device that is neither in mechanical contact with the liquid nor with the wall of the pipe in which the liquid flows. Noncontact flowmeters are equally useful when walls are contaminated like in the processing of radioactive materials, when pipes are strongly vibrating or in cases when portable flowmeters are to be developed. If the liquid and the wall of the pipe are transparent and the liquid contains tracer particles, optical measurement techniques, are effective enough tool to perform noncontact measurements. However, if either the wall or the liquid are opaque as is often the case in food production, chemical engineering, glass making, and metallurgy, very few possibilities for noncontact flow measurement exist.
Characters:
