Dhiraagu is the only landline telephone communication service provider on the island, as well as in the entire country. However, Wataniya along with Dhiraagu provides mobile communication services on the island.

Luther George Simjian () (January 28, 1905 in Ottoman Empire – October 23, 1997) was an Armenian-American inventor of numerous devices and owner of over 200 patents.
<doc id="2357597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2357597" title="Eternity (Angel)">
The film begins with friends from "L'Auberge espagnole" meeting in Saint Petersburg at the wedding of Wendy's brother, William. Xavier begins to reminisce about the events of the past several years.
Amid her caring for the spiritual needs of the novices and her other duties, Angelica continued to help with the household chores. One such chore was scrubbing the floor with an electric scrubbing machine. While performing this task one day, she had a serious accident. Losing her balance on the soapy floor, Angelica fell to her knees and was flung against the wall back first. Her spine was seriously injured. In the following months the injury worsened, and the pain was quite unbearable. Finally nearly two years after the accident, she was hospitalized and fitted with a body cast. Six weeks of traction proved to be no help, and so surgery followed.
Comunero may also refer to:

Endereço: Sete de Setembro, 1045 - Centro
Another way to analyze the relationships between the men is to compare them as one person. The young waiter complains about having to stick around the café waiting for the man to finish drinking. He claims that he has a wife to go home to and he would rather be in bed than in the café. The old waiter defends the drinking man because he can relate and even see himself in the man. He sympathizes knowing that he, too, prefers a clean well lighted place to drink and will later appreciate such a place in his old drinking age. The old man is in his final years of life and the old waiter recognizes that he soon will have the same fate as the old man. 
One Year Later.
Leni Riefenstahl's "Olympia" (1938), which was produced as Nazi propaganda and a documentary of the 1936 Summer Olympics held in Berlin, has an opening sequence noted for its idealized, non-exploitive use of male and female nudity. Another less artistic film from Germany, "Liane, Jungle Goddess" (1956), featured Marion Michael as a topless female variant on the Tarzan legend.
Consolidated PB2Y Coronado
<doc id="2359195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2359195" title="Burning Airlines">
The first restaurant was opened in the wealthy Escazú district of San José, Costa Rica in 1983 by the husband-and-wife team of Mauricio Mendieta Herdocia and Ivania Espinosa. As Mauricio Mendieta is Nicaraguan, the restaurant claims to be the first Nicaraguan restaurant to have franchises.
"The City".

Eichler
