
Sir Thomas Hudson Beare (June 30, 1859 - June 10, 1940) was a South Australian who became Professor of Engineering at Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, at University College, London (where he was a colleague of Karl Pearson) and finally Regius Professor of Engineering at Edinburgh University.
1928 VFA season
The Sapav bus Torino–Sestriere links the hamlet of Traverse.
At the age of 27, he was offered to become a Chef of Restaurants at one of the most luxurious hotels in the USA – Hilton Boston Back Bay in Boston. He then became the youngest chef at this Hilton. At first days of his work, colleagues did not perceived Hector seriously, because of his youthful age, but soon they encountered his professionalism. According to Hector Jimenez-Bravo, the work in the U.S. had a powerful influence on him, and divided his career into two parts – before and after Hilton.
Breeze (rapper)
Design Thinking for Business Innovation - Nov 4th 2013
The area contains temperate coniferous forest, picnic and camping facilities, and the starting point for five trails, one of which ends at the hanging glaciers of Cerro La Paloma and Cerro El Altar.
Helge Herala
<doc id="39794903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39794903" title="Neve Midbar Regional Council">
Ralph W. Wallace served in the California legislature and during World War I he served in the United States Army.
In 1955, he became a professor of international law at Columbia University. In 1972, he was robbed and stabbed to death near Columbia campus in Manhattan. The Wolfgang Friedmann Memorial Award was established in his honor.

Zhalan () may refer to:
<doc id="39796373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39796373" title="Darneh, Kermanshah">
McNulty is better recognized, however, as a college administrator and, even more so, as a college athletic coach. After retiring from the U.S. Army in 1964, John McNulty was employed for 28 years, first, as the dean of students and, later, concurrently, as the athletic director at Johnson & Wales University in Providence, Rhode Island. Himself, an accomplished marathon runner, “The Colonel”, as his students and particularly his student athletes knew him, also founded and personally coached the Johnson & Wales Athletic Club, which under McNulty’s coaching produced several champion runners, including the Rhode Island U.S. educated Irishman John Treacy, a two-time world cross country champion and a silver medalist for the Republic of Ireland at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, California U.S.A. McNulty Hall, a residence hall at Johnson & Wales University, is named for “The Colonel”. Lt. Col. John F. McNulty, Jr. is buried at the United States’ Arlington National Cemetery. In the year 2000, McNulty, who had near singlehandedly built the Johnson & Wales University’s powerful track and cross country programs of the 1960s and 1970s, became the first inductee into its newly created Athletic Hall of Fame.
Shelarwadi Caves has 6 Buddhist Caves at Shelarwadi situated 24 km north-west of Pune near town of Dehu Road, India. The caves are carved in first century B.C., are very simple. The Chaitya has since converted into Shiva Temple. These caves are ancient than Ajanta Caves.
Shahgodar-e Zamkan (, also Romanized as Shāhgodār-e Zamkān) is a village in Zamkan Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 154, in 31 families. 
Acanthogonatus vilches is a mygalomorph spider of Chile, named after its type locality: Gil de Vilches, Talca, Region VII (del Maule Region). Females differ from other species in the "nahuelbuta" group by their less modified spermathecae.
Team records.
Halting criteria.
<doc id="39799709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39799709" title="Jamhuriya University of Science and Technology">
Composition.


Harmon worked on Wall Street for 38 years. He spent 15 years at broker-dealer New York Hanseatic Corp, and in 1974 he joined investment banking firm Wertheim & Co. as chairman of the investment banking committee. He was vice chairman at Wertheim when he had a chance meeting with old friend and Schroder’s director Alva Way on a flight from London to New York; the ensuing conversation led to Schroder’s acquisition of a half interest of the firm in 1986. The firm was renamed Wertheim Schroder & Co. The transaction allowed Wertheim to stabilize its capital base and gave the firm access to Schroder’s client base in Europe and Asia. In 1990, Wertheim Schroder sold 4.9% non-voting interests to Bank of Boston, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corporation, as a way to continue growing without expanding the firm. Harmon served as chairman and CEO of Wertheim Schroder from 1986 until the end of 1995, and was the senior chairman until June 1997. He served on the board of Ames Department Stores starting in 1967, and was named the discount department store’s chairman on December 21, 1987, while continuing to run Wertheim Schroder.
