At the same time the PRR was building its Pennsylvania Station and electrified approaches, served by the PRR's lines in New Jersey and the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR). LIRR electric service began in 1905 on the Atlantic Branch from downtown Brooklyn past Jamaica, and in June 1910 on the branch to Long Island City, part of the main line to Penn Station. Penn Station opened September 8, 1910 for LIRR trains and November 27 for the PRR; trains of both railroads were powered by DC electricity from a third rail. PRR trains changed engines (electric to/from steam) at Manhattan Transfer; passengers could also transfer there to H&M trains to downtown Manhattan.
Lee Young (March 7, 1914 – July 31, 2008) was an American jazz drummer and singer. His musical family included his father Willis Young and his older brother, saxophonist Lester Young. In 1944 he played with Norman Granz's first "Jazz at the Philharmonic" concert.
Soundtrack album.
The University Centre in Svalbard (UNIS) has 350 students and a permanent faculty of 40 professors and assistants and 120 guest lecturers. UNIS does not offer degrees, but instead offers semester courses in biology, physics and geology. Student housing is located at Nybyen. The college is part of the Svalbard Science Centre, which also features the Norwegian Polar Institute, EISCAT and Svalbard Science Forum. In 2006, about 9,000 research days were spent in Longyearbyen, most of which were by Norwegians. This made Longyearbyen the second-largest research outpost on Svalbard, marginally below Ny-Ålesund. In contrast, Longyearbyen has almost only Norwegian research, while Ny-Ålesund is roughly evenly split between Norwegian and foreign.
<doc id="337440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=337440" title="Turnerschaft">
Stephens County
They tried out for "Playboy"'s "Girls of the Big Ten" issue on the suggestion of their father.
Pieck was born the son of a coachman in the eastern part of Guben, Germany, which is now Gubin, Poland. While he initially trained to become a carpenter, a combination of world events, determined ideology, and political ambition led Pieck to a life of political activism.
Supporters.
More recently, it can be found on mobile phones, Pelican's VG Pocket Caplet and the Wii Virtual Console.
Breeding.
In the High Court of Australia, barristers wear the same dress as is required by the Supreme Court in their jurisdiction.
Official summary.
These birds forage on the ground or in low vegetation, with a habit of noisily rummaging through dry leaves searching for food. They mainly eat insects, acorns, seeds and berries.
Golf.
Awards and honors.
The NOx formation is specifically located in the flame front so that by suppressing peak flame the NOx emission can be reduced theoretically to zero. In the practical implementations in current burner technology a reduction of 20% was observed for Rhenisch brown coal and 65% for Polish black coal. 
In November 2011 the Scottish Government announced that it will upgrade the entire road from Perth to Inverness to dual carriageway. Work on this project is expected to start in 2015 is scheduled to be completed in 2025, at a cost of £3 billion.
