Koruni, Shiraz
The building is also the only Neoclassical structure in Globe, locally considered to be "outstanding". Among the architectural features of the building are Corinthian pilasters, an elaborate frieze, and several semicircular windows.
This is the first time a Korean film was shot in the Caribbean, as well as the first to feature actual guards and prisoners as supporting characters. Filming took place over three weeks at a women's prison in the Dominican Republic. 
The Hero Karizma ZMR is a motorcycle manufactured by Hero MotoCorp in India. It was a launched as a cosmetic upgrade to Karizma R in September 2009. There is no difference between its engine and that of its predecessor Karizma R. The minor differences lie in the design of fairing, headlights, addition of digital speedometer, rear disc brake and rear swing-arm suspension and the Fuel-injection system instead of the carburettor.
<doc id="41869804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41869804" title="Armentrout">
Find-Make-Grow-Realise.
<doc id="41870559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41870559" title="Stoner-Keller House and Mill">
Etymology.
Moein began his magic career in 2005 with small performances for friends and relatives. His first professional performance was in 2005 for a New Years Eve event in Dubai. From 2005 until 2010, Moein performed close up magic and stage shows at a range of events and festivals across the UAE. He finally began performing on TV and radio, with his first appearance on Sama TV in 2010. Since then, Moein has performed publically and appeared on a number of Arabic TV shows, most recently as a weekly guest on Men El Akher, on DMTV.

The song has since become her most successful to date, having reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming both Azalea's and Charli XCX's first number-one on that chart, holding the spot for seven consecutive weeks. It has also topped the charts in Canada and New Zealand and had chart success around the world, including reaching the top ten in several countries such as Australia and United Kingdom, where it became her first top five hit in both countries as a lead artist. It is Charli XCX's second top-ten single after her guest spot on Icona Pop's "I Love It" in 2013. The track was also named Billboard's Song of the Summer for 2014.
<doc id="41872588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41872588" title="Eugnosta namibiana">
Sobolev qualified for the 2014 Winter Olympics where he finished in 20th place in the men's slopestyle, being eliminated in the semifinal.
Nordgren will compete in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Personal life.

Karimabad-e Jadval-e Now
Gachi (, also Romanized as Gachī; also known as Kachī) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,226, in 532 families. 
Since July 28, 2013, The Funkadactyls have been featured as main cast members of "Total Divas", along with Natalya, Eva Marie, JoJo Offerman, Summer Rae, Rosa Mendes and The Bella Twins. The Funkadactyls appeared on E! News to share their workout tips and promote the premiere of "Total Divas" on E!. It was revealed on November 20, 2013, that "Total Divas" has been renewed for a second season. They appeared on the November 15 episode of "The JBL and Cole Show", doing a loveline segment. The Funkadactyls along with The Bellas appeared on "The Steve Harvey Show".
<doc id="41875210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41875210" title="Kowraki, Shiraz">
Buddhism was introduced into China from India during the Han period. However, it did not become fully established until much later, during the Northern Wei dynasty in the fifth and sixth centuries. In Chinese Buddhism, luohans or arhats were disciples of the Buddha. It was believed they were able to use their magical powers to become immortal and so preserve the Buddha's teachings, even in times of trouble. Sets of arhat figures were often placed in caves or temples in front of the central figure of the Lord Buddha. To honour their teachings, the statues were frequently made to reflect the individual features of the priests, all of whom had achieved enlightenment.
