Mercedes featured in three of the third season's "Asian F" episode's musical numbers. Flandez said of her solo, "She blew Jennifer Hudson's 'Spotlight' out of this world." Anthony Benigno, writing for "The Faster Times", said that it was "great", but added that it was "not much of a stretch for Amber Riley to hit this one". "Vanity Fair" Brett Berk praised her "amazing voice" and gave the performance four stars out of five, and "The Hollywood Reporter"s Lesley Goldberg characterized the rendition as "flawless". Other reviewers were more critical, including VanDerWerff, who said that this was the only song in the episode that "really didn't work". TVLine critic Michael Slezak felt that the arrangement used was not distinct enough from the original, though he gave the performance a "B+", as did "Entertainment Weekly" writer Abby West, who wrote, "Mercedes looked fantastic and carried herself well, and her voice was as strong as ever but it felt a little lacking." In her "Maria-off" with Rachel, Benigno said they "both kill it", characterized it as "easy but fun", and gave it an "A−", as did Slezak and West, the latter of whom "didn't feel that Mercedes was the clear winner" but thought both singers were "fantastic". BuddyTV's John Kubicek thought that "Mercedes clearly won" and Flandez maintained that she "clearly outshone her rival", and continued, "You just believe so much of what she sings." Berk agreed, and contrasted the two singers with his rating scale of one to five stars: "Two stars for Rachel, who sang this like Barry Manilow; four for Mercedes, who sang this like she lived it." Futterman had a slightly different take: "Rachel puts on a diva front, but inside she's scared and nervous, while Mercedes is just a diva." However, Hyman thought that the two "were evenly matched", while IGN journalist Robert Canning and "Billboard" Rae Votta both thought Rachel was the victor; Votta stated, "While the show wants us to believe otherwise, Rachel clearly outsang Mercedes". "It's All Over" from "Dreamgirls" received the most enthusiastic commentary, including an "A+" from West, who wrote "Mercedes was at her best in this performance", a sentiment echoed by Benigno when he awarded the song an "A". Vicki Hyman of "The Star-Ledger" called it "pretty awesome" and Flandez a "cleverly amusing take", while Futterman said Mercedes "fully embraces her inner Effie White" and that the song was "on par with the best of Glee's Broadway songs in terms of plot relevancy and vocal arrangements".

<doc id="24190239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24190239" title="2009 Cork Senior Hurling Championship">
Booted (song)
<doc id="24190834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24190834" title="2005–06 Omani League">
In Bon Temps Sam Merlotte (Sam Trammell), the owner of Merlotte's bar, resolves to leave town but is persuaded to stay when he meets Daphne Landry (Ashley Jones), a fellow shapeshifter and lousy waitress. Maryann Forrester (Michelle Forbes) reveals herself to be a supernatural being, a maenad. She uses her powers to control the people of Bon Temps, starting with Tara Thornton (Rutina Wesley). "Eggs" Benedict Talley (Mehcad Brooks) becomes closer to Tara, and he kills Daphne while under the influence of Maryann.

Stalybridge Celtic (loan).
13. On collecting interests on loans. No usury (interest) should be imposed on the payback of money, grain, wine, oil, or anything else that is loaned, as it is expressly forbidden in the Old and the New Testaments. Punishment for clerics is suspension from office, and excommunication for lay people until restitution is made.

Lottery Ticket is a 2010 comedy film directed by Erik White and starring Bow Wow, Brandon T. Jackson, Naturi Naughton, Keith David, Charlie Murphy, Gbenga Akinnagbe, Loretta Devine and Ice Cube in lead roles. The storyline is based on the life of Kevin Carson who wins the $370 million lottery, and soon realizes that people from the city are not his real friends, but are after his money. The film released on August 20, 2010.

Security Bank is a U.S. financial services institution headquartered in New Auburn, Wisconsin. 
