Ghulam Muhammad Mahar Medical College Sukkur was named after him in Sukkur.
Here is a list of all Top Scorers of each EuroBasket edition.
20 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16
Interface objects.
With its members announced on September 19, 2007, they included 
The young or hatchlings typically resemble parents except for brighter coloration. Twist-necked hatchlings measure around 4–6 cm in carapace length and about 20 g or 0.04 lbs. Mating typically occurs during the rainy season of the Amazon rainforest (late March to early December). Males follow females, mount from behind, then proceed to rub their chin barbels (fleshy filament) against the top of females’ heads. Some authors also report violent biting and water expulsion from the males' nostrils during copulation. Coupling has been observed on land and in water, and usually occurs late in the afternoon or at night. Oviposition occurs during the dry season (late December to early March) when the female deposits a large, oval egg (around 5 cm long and 2.5 cm wide). Many herpetologists report females depositing another egg a few weeks later while some recreational collectors report multiple eggs at a time. Shallow indentations are made to deposit eggs, and then they are lightly covered by sand and/or leaf litter.
Thought.
It’s bordered on the north by the District of Nueva Germania and the District of Santa Rosa del Aguaray, both districts separated by the Aguaray Guazú River.
Attitudes of beasts.
Suez Environnement also operates in the desalination domain.
260 policemen were killed between May 1, 2003, and the end of the year. 23 Kurdish militiamen were killed during the initial invasion of Iraq.
See also the List of youth orchestras in the United States.
Li Wenquan (; born 18 January 1986 in Guangxi) is a male archer from Gaotian village, Yangshuo County, Guilin City in the People's Republic of China.
Later life.
Schedule.
A self-enumerating pangram, or a pangrammic autogram, is a pangram which describes the number of letters it itself contains. 
<doc id="18547988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18547988" title="O'Donnell Peak">
Post World War II.
District 33 (map).
Ratlingate International Camping Centre is located south of the city of Carlisle, and is owned and maintained by Reivers Scout Association District. The site consists of of camping field, with a further in mixed woodland pitches. It originally had a wooden hut, which burnt down and so was replaced with a building at the top of the campsite which has kitchens, toilets and dormitorys. Nearly all Reivers camps take place at Ratlingate, including the recent Centenary Camp where over 250 people attended. Its woods can hold many activities from backwoods cooking to pioneering, and is regularly used for orienteering competitions.
Reception.
Comparison of Data, Information and Knowledge Retrieval.
Sphodromantis is a large genus of praying mantises concentrated in Africa, sometimes considered a synonym of the genus "Hierodula". Outside their range especially, many share the common name African Mantis.
Fay has written two episodes of the Jimmy McGovern Drama Moving On, Sauce for the Goose – the first episode of the second series, and an episode of the third series, airing Autumn 2011, which he will also direct. He is in the progress of writing an upcoming episode of Doctor Who.
Sphodromantis royi
Elrig (Scottish Gaelic: "An Eileirg", meaning the deer run) is a Clachan in Dumfries and Galloway Council, Scotland. Located in the Machars peninsula, it is about north of Port William.
A United Reform Church was built in 1863. This is now used as a public hall.
"Only You" is the love duet from Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Starlight Express". It is performed by the protagonist, Rusty, a young steam locomotive and his true love, the observation car, Pearl.
David Waronker


The Montagnards were a member of the Federal Amateur Hockey League (FAHL), set up as a rival to the CAHL from 1904 until 1908. The club had little success in its first two seasons. In 1906-07, the Montagnards were leading the FAHL league, but after the Cornwall team used two professionals from the Montreal Shamrocks, the club protested the game. The protest was lost and the Montagnards resigned from the league to protect their amateur status. The team would return to the league for one final season, the next season. At the end of the 1907-08 FAHL season, the FAHL became a professional league and the Montagnards left the league to continue as an amateur team. The team continued play in various Quebec leagues, including the Montreal City Senior Hockey League.
Incidents.
The village was founded in 1924 by a group of Hasidic immigrants of the Fourth Aliyah who had been preparing in Poland. Although the Hasidic town of Bnei Brak had already been established, this time the aim was to create an agricultural settlement rather than an urban one. 
Deharbe himself prepared and published at Ratisbon four extracts of his first work, titled
Hanneke Beaumont
School Lunches.
<doc id="18556050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18556050" title="Ściborzyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
