<doc id="42606448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42606448" title="2014 Liga Nusantara South Sumatra">
<doc id="42606795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42606795" title="Anisotenes spodotes">
Etymology.
The concert opened with a black-and-white video on the screen accompanied by sirens as Beyoncé and Jay-Z appeared onstage surrounded by smoke. The duo started performing the song "'03 Bonnie & Clyde" with Beyoncé wearing a fishnet see-through mask and Jay-Z wearing black sunglasses, a star-speckled shirt, black jacket and gold chains. The pair went on to perform "Upgrade U" as the second song during the set. "Crazy in Love" was performed by the duo among purple lights, smoke, and strobe lights with funky horns in the background. After the performance of the song, 

Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award is given each year by the Kerala Sahitya Akademi (Kerala Literary Academy), to Malayalam writers for their outstanding books of literary merit. The awards are given in various categories including Poetry, Novel, Story, Drama, Literary criticism, Biography - autobiography, Travelogue, Humour, Translation, Children's literature etc. The list of writers who have won the award for Translation is given below.

The club started their 2013–14 season with three straight league losses and an immediate exit from European football. They got knocked out of the cup in the quarter finals. The team managed to come back from their early 17th league position and climbed to fourth place by the halfway point. They stayed in this position for most of the second half of the season and went on a winning streak to finish the 2013–14 Eredivisie in second place. This position gave the club an entry berth in the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League. Five Feyenoord players from this season were selected for the Dutch squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup – Feyenoord contributed the most players to the Dutch team. Nine out of all World Cup players were trained by Feyenoord; they were the club that contributed most worldwide to develop players for this event.
Career.

Minamoto no Michichika
Choreutis taprobanes
The bald is named for Robert "Bob" Stratton (1825-1864), whose family lived on the bald.
(1)"The Story of the UAE." Zayed University, United Arab Emirates. N.p., n.d. Web. 23 Mar. 2014.
Levski wins the Bulgarian Cup 2005.
Kristen O'Neill (born April 12, 1983) is an American women's basketball player, a 6'1 versatile guard, formerly playing at the University of Washington. She was a three-time co-captain and four-year starter. She played for FIBA's Euroleague teams in Madrid and Burgos, Spain and in Ireland. In 2008, O'Neill returned to Seattle and played in the WNBA for the Seattle Storm. She is currently the Associate Head Women's Basketball coach for Seattle University.
Track listing.
In July 1871 he was appointed professor of geology in the Durham University College of Physical Science, based at Newcastle upon Tyne. His health was failing, and he died at Newcastle on 9 March 1879, leaving a widow, two sons, and one daughter.
From May 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Shedd served as Chief of Staff and, later, Acting Director of the Intelligence Staff to the Director of National Intelligence. Prior to the creation of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, Mr. Shedd held intelligence policy positions at the National Security Council (NSC) from February 2001 to May 2005. He served most recently as the NSC’s Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Intelligence Programs and Reform. Mr. Shedd has been directly involved in the implementation of intelligence reform stemming from the 9/11 Commission report in July 2004, the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004, and the Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Commission’s report to the President in March 2005.
The Civic Committee for Human Rights (; abbreviation CCHR (English) or GOLJP (Croatian)) a non-governmental non-profit organization in Croatia. It operates since 1992 and its goal is to protect and promote of human rights in Croatia.
Vlotho station
Bas-Rhin's 7th constituency
The bill would also require all of the surcharges received from the sale of such coins to be paid to the National Park Foundation for projects and programs to help preserve and protect resources under the stewardship of the NPS and to promote public enjoyment and appreciation of those resources.
In the exact same podium positions as the 2013 edition, Great Britain's Chris Froome of won the race for a second successive year, after winning the final time trial stage in Neuchâtel. Having trailed rider Simon Špilak by a single second going into the stage, Froome turned the deficit into a 28-second race-winning margin over the stage. Špilak finished second, having won the race's third stage – the queen stage into Aigle – by beating Froome in a two-up sprint, after the pair had attacked towards the end of the stage. The podium was completed again by Rui Costa, now riding for , who finished third for the third year in a row. Costa finished 64 seconds behind Špilak, and one minute 32 seconds behind Froome.
Daisy Ridley

<doc id="42620402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42620402" title="West Falkland (constituency)">
Curatorial.
