Promotions and Other Appointments:

<doc id="25007524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25007524" title="Wyllie's Poort">
Jodrell was born 13 November 1745; and, having lost his father in 1751, had lived in possession of his paternal estates for nearly eighty years. He was educated at Eton and at Hertford College, Oxford; and his attachment to his classical studies was evinced by his compositions in the Musae Etonenses, and by subsequent more laborious publications. To the supplementary Notes of Potter's Aeschylus, printed in 1778, he was a contributor; in 1781 he published, in two volumes 8vo., "Illustrations of Euripides, on the Ion and Bacchae"; and in 1790 another volume, "On the Akestis", the modern drama, also, as well as the ancient, shared Jotlrell's attention. "A Widow and no Widow", a dramatic piece of three acts by biro, was acted at the Haymarket in 1779, and printed in 1780, 8vo. It appears, from "The Monthly Review" (vol. Ixv. p. 233.), that living characters were depicted among the dramatis persona: "the artist is a coarse painter, but commonly hits offa striking likeness". At the same theatre, in 1783, was performed with success his "Seeing is Believing", in one act, printed in 1786. His tragedy, called "The Persian Heroine", having been rejected by the managers of the two great theatres (the particulars of which transactions are given in the Literary Anecdotes, vol. ix. p. 2.), was printed in 1786, 8vo. and 4 to. In the following year he published "Select Dramatic Pieces; some of which have been acted on provincial theatres, others have been written for private performance and country amusement"; and consisting of, "Who's Afraid?" a farce; the "Boarding School Miss", a comedy; "One and All", a farce; "The Disguise", a comedy (It was the first stage-play in Bengali produced in Kolkata was by a Russian adventurer-cum-Indologist, Lebedev, in 1795); "The Musico", a farce; and "The Bulse", a dramatic piece. He also published in 4to. 1785, "The Knight and Friars", an historic tale, from Heywood's Tuvelvcelov", - "the work of three mornings in the Christmas holidays."

Example.
The United Kingdom heatwave of 1911 was a particularly severe heat wave and associated drought. Records were set around the country for temperature in England, including the highest accepted temperature, at the time, of 36.7C (98.06F), only broken 79 years later in the 1990 heatwave, which reached 37.1C (98.78F). The highest ever accepted temperature, so far, today, is close to 39C recorded on the 10th August 2003. 
Navarretia breweri
Folk medicine.
As to forging bank notes.
On 22 May 1876 in Grace Church, New York, Consuelo married George Montagu, Viscount Mandeville. After that they settled on the Duke of Manchester's estate in Ireland.
VW Cephei (VW Cep) is an eclipsing contact binary of W Ursae Majoris-type located roughly at 90.6 light years from Sun, whose two component stars share a common outer layer. Because the two components share their outer layers as the components of W Ursae Majoris do, they have the same stellar classification, and are classified as yellow G-type main sequence dwarfs. The components take 0.2783 days (roughly 6.7 hours) to revolve around common barycentre. Orbital period variations would suggest the presence of one more additional perturbing objects of likely low-mass stellar nature.

Red Brick Church is a historic Baptist church located at Sodus Center in Wayne County, New York. The former meeting house is a two story, gable roofed rectangular brick building resting on a slightly raised fieldstone foundation. It was built in 1824-1826 to serve the areas first Baptist society and served as a house of worship until 1926. Also on the property is a burying ground with the earliest gravestone dating to 1809.

When Jane Austen's characters talk about buying a dress, it means in fact that they are going to buy the necessary fabric, which they will then give to a specialised dressmaker who will make a dress to their specifications, based on the latest fashion in the capital. This is the case for Harriet Smith (in "Emma") when she wants to obtain a pattern-gown (a dress from a pattern), to be made of the muslin she has just bought. Patterns for dresses in the latest London fashion were found in all the women's fashion newspapers, and based on these, the customer could explain to the dressmaker the particular adjustments she wanted made.
Occupation.

The following services currently call at Stadhuis:
4) http://www.author-illustr-source.com/geraldhausman.htm
