Murdoch has ambitions beyond realism for this novel, and in a mix of parable, allegory, and farce, she is, on the secondary level, exploring the continuing battle between evil and good in the contemporary world. In an unsystematic way, which is not uncommon in Murdoch's more ambitious novels, King can be seen as a Satan figure, Tallis Browne as a rather powerless Christ figure, and Leonard Browne as the dying God of Christianity, with Morgan, Hilda, and Rupert representing feckless humanity, constantly falling out of grace, despite good intentions. Some dim echoes of William Shakespeare are also present, and one can see Julius as an Iago, a debased Prospero, or any of the several manipulators of vain mortals in Shakespeare's work. If The Tempest, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Much Ado About Nothing, and Othello seem to be floating about, it is quite intentional. Murdoch likes to pile literary, biblical, philosophical, and mythological images in and on, and this novel is loaded without restraint.
IBA Official Cocktails are divided into three categories:
The Fiji Chess Federation coordinates chess tournaments in Fiji and is affiliated to FIDE (World Chess Federation).

In 1992, International Tropical Timber Organization (ITTO) also financed the establishment of Lanjak Entimau Wildlife Sanctuary which now houses about 4000 orang utan. This wildlife century also aimed to improve the livelihood of the rural population and to reduce their dependence on forests.
With the end of military control Ramsbury was returned agricultural use. By the mid-1960s, much of the concrete had been removed.
After outbreaks of RHD in 2000, 2001, and 2005 in domesticated rabbits, the United States has eradicated RHD from its rabbit populations. The native species, cottontails "(Sylvilagus floridanus)", black-tailed jackrabbits "(Lepus californicus)" and volcano rabbits "(Romerolagus diazzi)" seem not to be susceptible to the virus.

Bob Champion
Lord Queenborough served as president of the Ferrocarril Chihuahua al Pacifico (Chihuahua and Pacific Railroad), chairman of Caxton Electrical Developments, chairman of Siemens Brothers & Co., and chairman of the Queenborough Port Development Company. He was also governor of Guy's Hospital, Southwark; president of Miller General Hospital, Greenwich; president of Preston Hall Hospital, Maidstone; member of the Council of the Zoological Society of London; a Knight of Justice of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem (K.J.St.J.); and president of the Royal Society of St George.
It has been suggested that the objective of British operations in that sector was to avert a possible peril to navigation in the Red Sea. If the Mahdists had taken control of the whole of the Sudanese coast, they might have threatened ships travelling to India, thus endangering the British Empire.
The novel addresses issues of female sexual passion, adultery, infanticide and suicide, as well as philosophical musings on the status of women in society. Emma reflects on "the inequalities of society, the source of every misery and vice, and on the peculiar disadvanteges of my sex". Conservative readers would have been particularly shocked when Emma at one point offers herself to Augustus without demanding marriage.
Remington Products' product line include Lady Remingtons, electric shavers for women.
This is an incomplete list of Statutory Rules of Northern Ireland in 2001.
Antiquarian Horological Society
On 26 August 1511, William Rollo of Duncrub received a charter that erected his lands into a free barony. He is believed to have died at the Battle of Flodden in 1513, along with his eldest son Robert. The estates were inherited by Andrew Rollo who consolidated his position by marrying his cousin, Marion, who was heir to David Rollo of Manmure. One of Andrew's younger sons, Peter, became Bishop of Dunkeld and a judge of the Court of Session. His grandson was Sir Andrew Rollo who was knighted by James VI of Scotland.
