The school possesses a sports' centre off of the main campus. This includes an indoor swimming pool, gym, sports hall, fitness suite and social area. The main campus consists of the Senior school, the sixth form house (Morton House), Nightingale Road House, and the Junior school. Harper House was bought and added to the premises, also enlarging the gardens, in August 2011. The garden of the original Nightingale Road House were converted into a social area when the site was acquired in 2006.


In the card game bridge, a forcing pass is an agreement or understanding that a pass call obliges the partner to bid, double, or redouble over an intermediate opposing pass, i.e. partner must "keep the bidding open".
Wally K. Daly (born 13 November 1940 in Grangetown, Middlesbrough) is an English writer for television and radio and one time chairman of the Writers' Guild of Great Britain.
But the Dolphins didn't give up. After Miami's next drive resulted in an incompletion, two sacks, and a fumble (which Miami recovered), coach Don Shula replaced Woodley with Don Strock early in the second quarter to see whether he could spark the Dolphins offense, and that's precisely what he did, completing a 17-yard pass to Duriel Harris on his first play and leading them down the field to score their first points of the game on a 34-yard field goal by Uwe von Schamann. This seemed to fire up the Dolphins defense, which forced and recovered a fumble by Fouts on the ensuing drive, giving the ball back to the offense with great field position on the Chargers 39-yard line. Several plays later, Strock converted the turnover into points with a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Joe Rose, cutting the deficit to 24–10. Later in the quarter, San Diego faced a fourth down on the Dolphins 37-yard line. The Chargers decided to send in Benirschke to attempt a 55-yard field goal, but he missed, giving the ball back to the Dolphins near midfield. Three plays later, Miami moved the ball to San Diego's 40-yard line with only six seconds left in the quarter and attempted one last play to score before halftime. In a play known as the "hook and lateral", Strock took the snap and threw a pass intended for Duriel Harris at the 20-yard line. Harris caught the ball and immediately lateraled it to Tony Nathan, who then took it 25 yards to the end zone, cutting the deficit to 24–17 at halftime.
