The BBC Radio series "John Mortimer Presents Sensational British Trials" featured an episode about the Maybrick case, entitled "The Case of the Liverpool Poisoner".
Additionally, the WPCUS adheres to the following distinctives related to public worship:
<doc id="5335387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5335387" title="Crean">
Each year, Fall In! has a different theme and focal point (such as the American Civil War or World War II), and many games and supporting events are geared around the theme. Awards are presented to the Best Theme Event, as well as best games in specific time slots and other honors for particularly popular or impressive games.
Blakeney Point (officially called Blakeney National Nature Reserve) is a National Nature Reserve situated near to the villages of Blakeney, Morston and Cley next the Sea on the north coast of Norfolk, England. Its main feature is a 6.4 km (4 mi) spit of shingle and sand dunes, but the reserve also includes salt marshes, tidal mudflats and reclaimed farmland. It has been managed by the National Trust since 1912, and lies within the North Norfolk Coast Site of Special Scientific Interest, which is additionally protected through Natura 2000, Special Protection Area (SPA), International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and Ramsar listings. The reserve is part of both an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB), and a World Biosphere Reserve. The Point has been studied for more than a century, following pioneering ecological studies by botanist Francis Wall Oliver and a bird ringing programme initiated by ornithologist Emma Turner.

Division cysts refer to non-motile division stages wherein asexual reproduction takes place through division. These are not pellicle or resting cysts since they are not dormant. Similarly, palmelloid or mucilage stages are not pellicle or resting cysts, but stages in which the monad loses its flagella and becomes enveloped in multilayered mucilage wherein division takes place.
Future transportation.
The French had made an important development. They had taken the string galvanometer and adapted it to record signals from microphones onto photographic film. This work had been done by Lucien Bull and Charles Nordmann (an astronomer at the Paris observatory). Processing the film took some minutes but this was not a significant drawback because artillery batteries did not move very frequently. However, the apparatus could not run continuously because of the expenditure of film. This meant that it had to be switched on when enemy guns fired, which necessitated the deployment of Advanced Posts (AP) in front of the microphones which could switch on the recording apparatus remotely via field cable.
<doc id="5337216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5337216" title="Estadio Polideportivo Sur">
Many of the critical theorems of vector calculus generalize elegantly to statements about the integration of differential forms on manifolds. In the language of differential forms and exterior derivatives, the gradient theorem states that
<doc id="5337723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5337723" title="Gordon Dalziel">
DNP = Did not play<br>
Tyler Blake Reed (born October 6, 1982 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Penn State.
Mentz is also a surname:
Sanford is the exclusive distributor in North America for Uni-ball pens and pencils, which are made by the Mitsubishi Pencil Company of Japan.
It is a rural settlement and, thanks to the proximity of the highway, in the last three decades Vranić has developed into the second most populous settlement in the municipality after the municipal seat of Barajevo. Population of Vranić:
History.

In addition to his work with Hylozoists, Aucoin has also produced albums for other artists, including Cuff the Duke's "Sidelines of the City", The Golden Dogs' "Big Eye Little Eye" and John K. Samson's "Provincial".
Brownlow married Clayetta Ashland Holbach in 1870, and they had six children, five of whom lived into adulthood: three daughters and two sons.
Track listing.
Estonian and Finnish are quite closely related and share many words that differ only slightly, such as "saar" (Estonian) and "saari" (Finnish) for "island". Many Estonian toponyms and even people's names are simply treated in Finnish as though they were Finnish words, creating an unlimited number of potentially existing exonyms, an exhaustive list of which would be impossible as well as pointless to compile. Below are some frequently encountered examples of these, as well as those where the difference is significant."
Population.
Section 10 - Penalties.
Firing.
On 12 June 2011, Guardado scored two goals in a 4–1 win over Costa Rica in the 2011 Gold Cup. He found the net again in the final in a 4–2 success against the United States, as Mexico retained the continental tournament.
Wilke referred to herself as a feminist artist from the beginning. The art critic Ann-Sargent Wooster said that Wilke's identification with the feminist movement was confusing because of her beauty—her self-portraitures looked more like a Playboy centerfold than the typical feminist nudes. According to Wooster,
Scienter
Clifton Smith (linebacker)
Biography.
<doc id="5342396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5342396" title="Yellow-bellied fantail">
In 2003-2004, Hidden Valley's men's varsity tennis team won its first state championship, defeating the Blacksburg Bruins. Hidden Valley has had a relatively successful tennis program every year since.
Terminal Press
Extracurricular activities.
The Gavia Pass is often on the route of the Giro d'Italia road bicycle race and is sometimes designated the "Cima Coppi", the highest point of the race. On 5 June 1988, the race passed over the Gavia in a snowstorm, making for an epic stage won by Erik Breukink. American Andrew Hampsten, the second place finisher, became the overall race leader and went on to win the Giro.
The contents were interpreted by Calvin and other iconoclast writers during the Protestant Reformation as support for their attitude. They were also put on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum, where they remained until 1900, either because of their iconoclastic arguments or because seen as interference by a civil authority in matters of Church doctrine. 
<doc id="5344085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5344085" title="The Opposite of Hallelujah">

Premiered on Sunday 29 July 2012.
The game is played on a tabletop using 40mm medieval Elastolin miniatures manufactured by O&M Hausser. Bodenstedt owned a hobby shop in New Jersey, and he gave away copies of the rules for free to promote the sale of the miniatures. In 1967 the game was published by "Strategy & Tactics" magazine in five parts, starting with issue #6. The name of the game is presumably a play on Bodenstedt's own name, though there was an actual medieval castle called Bodenburg south of Hildesheim.
Activities.
Each edition contains previews of the games to be played in the next NRL round, running from Friday to Monday. Details of every match from the previous round are also included: the games are assessed and each player who took the field, as well as the referee, is given a rating. Details of when and by whom points were scored are also included. (Before the formation of the Brisbane Broncos, these ratings and details were also given for the Brisbane Rugby League competition.) Results, but not ratings, are published for most notable rugby league competitions in Australia, as well as major competitions in New Zealand and Great Britain.
In 1989 a Texas Historical Commission marker was placed on the grounds of Greater New Hope Missionary Baptist Church to mark the city site as a Texas Historical Site. In 1997, the National Historical Commission identified a historic residential district and specific historic buildings within Independence Heights, including the famous lobster vendor first introduced in the year 1918.
Background.
Production and release.

Mode of action.

