Gandhi Bhavan is the headquarters of the Indian National Congress Party in Andhra Pradesh. It is situated near Exhibition Grounds, Nampally. The place is very commonly used as a landmark in Hyderabad. Mr. Khan Bahadur Abdul Karim Babukhan father of Mr. Bashiruddin Babukhan had constructed Gandhi Bhavan some 50 years ago and donated to congress party.
Currently, there are around 1000 city buses under the enterprise. Nearly 40 percent of these are out of service due to technical issues. The older DAF-Berkhof buses that were built in The Netherlands are being refurbished to extend their usability. The enterprise also operates 93 routes in and around Addis Abeba. Each bus has a capacity for 100 passengers (30 seated and 70 standing). 
Week 4: vs Port Huron Patriots.
It premiered on 13 March 2012.
Tuff canna cum up wi' Crowley's crew, 
, sometimes abbreviated as VC, is a specialized section of the Nintendo eShop online service that allow players to purchase and download games from discontinued consoles and other software for Nintendo's Wii, Wii U, and Nintendo 3DS.
<doc id="34471843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34471843" title="Shit Girls Say">

Mahrokhi Kalleh Jub
12 Brilliant Wheels
In 1375 he obtained a royal licence to found the college of St. Peter, Irthlingborough, a college for six secular canons — one of whom should be dean — and four clerks, but died before his intention was actually carried out. The design, involving the development of the local parish church into a chantry college, was eventually accomplished with the help of the Archdeacon of London by his widow, Joan, in 1388.


An extension of Street League Skateboarding, “Street League Skateboarding Certified Skate Parks” (SLSCSP) built three plazas in 2013. The plazas will eventually become the locations for Street League amateur and televised qualifier contests. Locations include Erie, Colorado; the Kennesaw Skatepark in Kennesaw, Georgia; and Lake Havasu City, Arizona.
The John Wright Mansion is a historic farmhouse located east of Bellevue in northwestern Huron County, Ohio, United States. Built in 1881, it represents an unusual combination of location and architectural styles.
<doc id="34476117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34476117" title="Reality Fighters">

"The ambush happened on the road between Bani Walid and the town of Tarhouna, where the army had a checkpoint. They came under heavy gunfire. Between 12 and 15 soldiers were killed," said Ali Sheikhi, a spokesman for the army joint chief of staff. Army Capt. Hassan al-Saidah said 15 soldiers had been killed and five wounded in the attack, which forced officials to close the main road to Bani Walid.
In 1999 he was the voice of the Driving Centre Party newspaper "Kesknädal" becoming editor in chief
The Rio Theatre is an independent, multidisciplinary art house in Vancouver, BC, Canada. Built in 1938, the Rio served East Vancouver primarily as a movie theatre until 2008, when new owners began to add live music and multimedia and multidisciplinary art events.



