A distinguished jurist, he collaborated on the Sextus Liber Decretalium, which was promulgated in 1299 by Pope Boniface VIII. The “Sextus Liber” was intended as a followup to the better remembered Decretals (in five books) of Gregory IX.
The Mifflinburg Area High School administration reported there were zero incidents of bullying in the high school in 2012. Additionally, there was one assault on a student and two sexual incidents involving students. The local law enforcement was involved in seven incidents at the schools, with zero arrests.

History.
History.
Magic Circle Festival is an annual heavy metal festival organized by Magic Circle Music and founded by Joey DeMaio of the band Manowar. The festival was first held on the 6th and 7th of July, 2007 in Bad Arolsen, Germany. The success of the 2007 festival, headlined by Manowar and attended by 25,000 people, led to an expanded festival in 2008, held over four days from the 9th to the 12th of July. The lineup for the 2008 festival comprised a number of international acts, including Alice Cooper, Whitesnake, W.A.S.P. and Def Leppard. However, organisational and contractual difficulties led to the cancellation of Whitesnake and Def Leppard. In 2009, the festival was scaled back to two days and held in Lorelei on the 18th and 19th of July. The fourth Magic Circle Festival took place in Metalcamp in Slovenia at 11 July 2010. The 2014 edition of the festival will take place in Helsinki.
Bhavani Island, Vijayawada
Josias Du Pré Porcher
To find entries for T–Z, use the table of contents above.
"21 Jump Street" is a 2012 American action comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, executive produced by and starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, and scripted by Michael Bacall from a story by him and Hill. The film follows two police officers who are forced to relive high school when they are assigned to go undercover as high school students to prevent the outbreak of a new synthetic drug and arrest its supplier.

Ideology.
USM was founded in Switzerland by Ulrich Schaerer in 1885 as a producer of iron works and window fittings. In the late 1940s, USM increased its product lines with metal and sheet-metal work to respond to the post-war economy. In 1961, Paul Schaerer, grandson of USM founder Ulrich Schaerer, chose to take the company in a new direction by transforming the factory from a large, manually-oriented metal production plant into a modern, industrial enterprise. To achieve this goal, Schaerer commissioned Swiss architect Fritz Haller to design a building that would accommodate the Munsingen-based company’s factory and provide ample space for administrative offices. The building collaboration with Haller proved so successful that, in 1963, Schaerer, together with Haller, created the pioneering furniture product known today as USM Haller Systems for the company’s open-plan offices. Since the establishment of the USM Haller System, the classic furniture line has been utilized in homes and offices around the world.
Fidyah and Kaffara are mentioned in the Qur'an in the selection below:
CfMD stands for Certified for Microsoft Dynamics.
Alternative mixture (IMO-A).
He graduated from the Department of Language and Literature Indonesia Sanata Dharma, Yogyakarta. He has been editor of Base, Slot, and Sadhar issue Sanata Dharma, teaching at his almamater and last worked at PT Grasindo Yogyakarta.

Prakash Singh

Artemios Matthaiopoulos (Greek: Αρτέμης Ματθαιόπουλος) (born March 14, 1984 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek politician and member of the Greek Parliament for the Golden Dawn.
Sodō Yokoyama
The energy required to power the warp drive, according to White, is approximately the negative (negative energy is required for the Alcubierre Drive concept to function) mass-energy equivalence of Voyager 1, which weighs ~700 kilograms. Using E=mc², -700 kilograms of mass becomes ~-65 exajoules of energy (this number is not definitive and can be further reduced). The ship has two thick outer rings (to reduce required energy) that generate the warp field - a contraction of space ahead, and expansion of space behind it. The space inside the rings is optimized to fit more space for cargo, crew and equipment.
She was beatified on 1 November 1987 by pope John Paul II.
George Edgcumbe (1800–1882)
• 2005—Author of “Tejano Music Talk” book
In the 1960s he was dean of the School of Humanities and Sciences, University of the Republic.


FAILE was commissioned by the New York City Ballet to build a new installation in the five story atrium space of the David H. Koch Theater at the Lincoln Center on New York's Upper West Side, to be displayed during the winter and spring of 2013. In addition to a series of new paintings, FAILE also produced hundreds of individually painted wooden blocks to be given to audience members at two of the NYCB's performances. The centerpiece of the project, however, was a forty foot high tower dubbed "Tower of FAILE", constructed using wooden boxes atop a wooden plinth to form an obelisk screen printed and painted with familiar FAILE imagery, and new materials drawn from research in the NYCB's archives. This tower was an outgrowth of FAILE's longer-term experimentation with wood and hybrid-sculptural forms, but was FAILE's largest constructed object to date. It took advantage of the Theater's multiple vantages and high ceilings in order to create encounters with the work that go beyond the single-perspective of a wall-mounted or wheatpasted work. In this way, the tower arguably built on earlier theories of minimalism in artmaking, and contemporary installation formats, such as Maurizio Cattelan's 2012 retrospective at the Guggenheim in New York. Of the installation, the Village Voice argued that the project signaled the emergence of the internet generation into a bastion of elite culture, and that it effectively connected "relatable populist imagery with the most rigid of bourgeois arts." In May of 2013, FAILE reprised their collaboration with the NYCB, installing twenty one of their signature prayer wheels in the Koch atrium space. This installation also featured a performance by the ballet that was developed in dialogue with the art. 
<doc id="43038505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43038505" title="Wadsworth, Kansas">
United States support to non-state terrorists has been prominent in Latin America, the Middle-East, and Southern Africa. From 1981 to 1991, the United States provided weapons, training, and extensive financial and logistical support to the Contra rebels in Nicaragua, who used terror tactics in their fight against the Nicaraguan government. At various points the United States also provided training, arms, and funds to terrorists among the Cuban exiles, such as Orlando Bosch and Luis Posada Carriles.

Scheldt
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 1500 metres W45 division of Masters athletics.

