<doc id="12817953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12817953" title="Valea Măgurii River (Dâmbovița)">
True Classroom Flubs and Fluffs was a non-fiction American comic strip by cartoonist and comic-book artist Jerry Robinson. It was syndicated through the 1960s in Sunday newspapers, most notably the "New York Sunday News" (later incorporated into the "New York Daily News"). It was one of a very small number of syndicated comic features dependent on reader submissions.
1985 National League Championship Series.
<doc id="12819154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12819154" title="Rocha (disambiguation)">
Mira (AK-84)
Poole Methodist Chapel is a Wesleyan Methodist Chapel on Wettenhall Road (); it is listed at grade II. Built in 1834 and largely unaltered externally, the design is typical of early Methodist churches. The single-storey red-brick building has a slate roof and encloses a single rectangular room used for worship. The entrance features a semi-circular fanlike arch above the door, with a dated tablet above. There are four windows with Y-tracery and pointed arches. The interior was affected by dry rot and was replaced in 1954. It belongs to the Nantwich section of the Nantwich Circuit.
, son of regent Nobuhiro, was a "kugyō" or Japanese court noble of the Edo period (1603–1868). He held a regent position kampaku from 1651 to 1653.
In 1809, Kollowrat led the II Corps during the Battle of Eckmuhl where it was unengaged because it operated north of the Danube. Transferring to command of the III Corps, his troops missed the Battle of Aspern-Essling. Instead, he operated against Emperor Napoleon I's lines of communication with little effect.
Simpkins won the first year of the Khoury League with a perfect 13-0-0 record. Frank Borghi was selected as the league MVP. Simpkins also went to the semifinals of the National Challenge Cup before falling to Los Angeles Danes.
Muṉṉēṟaṭṭum ciṅkappūr 
<doc id="12821638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12821638" title="Jimmy, the Boy Wonder">
Dardez is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Hanspeter Latour
Amécourt is a commune in the Eure department and Haute-Normandie region of France.
In the end it was decided to build new houses at Nyboder and the expansion would continue for the next 40 years. In 1756 24 two-storey houses designed by Philip de Lange were built and while later extensions would be directed by other architects, it continued to be to his initial design. In 1771 some of Christian IV's original rows were extended with an extra storey by Anthon and Harsdorff. From 1781-96 another app. 150 houses were built. A guard house (1787) and five officer's houses were also added to the area during the same period.
For the 12-month period ending April 28, 2007, the airport had 31,200 aircraft operations, an average of 85 per day, 100% of which were general aviation. There were 90 aircraft based at this airport: 76% single engine, 2% multi-engine, 11% gliders and 11% ultralights.
The youth are mostly working as woodcraft maker. They produce highly detailed models of living and non-living things, the most amazing works up to date is the model of an elephant, which size is about the same as a baby elephant, about 2 metres tall.
Origin of "HappySlip".
There are many historical places which might sound interesting to tourists, one of such places is more than 350 years old "Radhe Krishna" temple which is situated on the holy bank of river "sone". this temple was created by Raja Shahmal and it seem to be to most prestigious places in that time.
, also known as Fujiwara no Yoshitsune, son of regent Kujō Kanezane and a daughter of Fujiwara no Sueyuki, was a "kugyō" or Japanese court noble from the late Heian period to the early Kamakura period. He held a regent position Sesshō from 1202 to 1206. Kujō Michiie was his son.

Inscriptions record Parameswaravaran's generosity to temples at Vennainallur, Vriddhachalam and Chidambaram. Some grants celebrate him to be adept in chanting vedas "like true devotees of lord of thillai". Parameswaravarman was the contemporary of great saiva saint Appar. Parameswaravarman was succeeded by his son Rajasimha. An inscription in suchindram trimurti temple dated 667 CE, refers to great munificence in terms of land, gold and jewellery made by this Pallava emperor, who has referred to himself therewith as slave of Sthanu or Lord Siva.
Henry Turner (endocrinologist)
Unlike most port repair ships the "Joe C. Specker", among the last two ships (See: "Marvin Lyle Thomas") converted and seeing no actual war service as a port repair ship, spent seven postwar years in Army service before transfer Navy.
The government decided that they should take the responsibility to issue identity documents to people in Sweden. As a consequence of this, the Swedish Tax Agency started issuing certified identity cards in August 2009. During two and a half years, foreign citizens without a parent resident in Sweden could not get an identity document, if they had none.
The Mândra River is a tributary of the Capra River in Romania.
