Louise Kink Pope (April 8, 1908 – August 25, 1992) was one of the last remaining survivors of the sinking of the "RMS Titanic" on April 15, 1912.
Washington Township, Arkansas may refer to:
Coming off their home win over the Eagles, the Ravens flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 13 AFC North rematch with the Cincinnati Bengals. In the first quarter, Baltimore scored first with a 27-yard field goal by kicker Matt Stover. In the second quarter, the Ravens increased their lead as Stover made a 21-yard field goal, while rookie QB Joe Flacco completed a 4-yard TD pass to TE Todd Heap. The Bengals would close out the half as kicker Shayne Graham nailed a 21-yard field goal.
The medal is a cross of four equal limbs rendered in gold, with the obverse enamelled in red and edged with gold, and bearing at the centre a gold maple leaf surrounded by a gold laurel wreath. On the reverse is the Royal Cypher of the reigning Canadian sovereign and a crown above, on the upper arm, while the words "VALOUR • VAILLANCE" are etched below, extending along the upper edge of the two lateral arms of the cross. The recipient's name and the date of the incident for which they are being honoured are engraved underneath the motto. This medallion is worn on the left chest, on light crimson ribbon wide: for men, hung from a medal bar, and for women, on a ribbon bow pinned to the left chest; a miniature cross may be worn on the ribbon bar in undress. Should an individual already possessing a Cross of Valour be awarded the medal again for subsequent valourous acts, he or she is granted a gold maple leaf to be carried on the same ring from which the original cross is hung; no bars have been issued to date.
<doc id="15015303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15015303" title="Dresleuca River">
In the third quarter, Oklahoma had the ball, first and goal on the Kentucky 3-yard line. The Wildcat defense held on first and second down; on third down Yowarsky tackled the Oklahoma ball carrier for a five-yard loss. On fourth down, Oklahoma was stopped and Kentucky took possession. 
Fulton County Sheriff's Department (New York)
This group is in charge of art designing work including making posters,
In modern electronic design process floorplans are created during the floorplanning design stage, an early stage in the hierarchical approach to chip design.
Darul River
<doc id="15017934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15017934" title="Were Ilu">
