

Francis Wilfred "Frank" Simon (born 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played for Manchester City, Crewe Alexandra, and Port Vale.
Gentile grew up in Washington, D.C. and graduated from Harvard in 1996. She earned an M.F.A. in nonfiction writing from Columbia in 2003.
Michael Phillips of "The Chicago Tribune" awarded the film 3½ stars of 4 commenting that he "greatly prefer this cleverly sustained and efficiently relentless remake to the '73 edition. It is lean and simple." Eric M. Armstrong of "The Moving Arts Film Journal" wrote that ""The Crazies" is a solid B-movie and one of the few remakes that actually surpasses the original." Ty Burr of "The Boston Globe" gave the film 3/4 stars touting the film as "extremely solid stuff – about as good as you could hope from a B-movie retread." "Variety" film critic Dennis Harvey also praised the film, writing "While not a slam dunk, this revamp by helmer Breck Eisner (of the enjoyable but underperforming "Sahara") emerges an above-average genre piece that's equal parts horror-meller and doomsday action thriller.

Infantry Regiment 9 Potsdam
"Empire Stronsay" was a cargo ship which was built by Shipbuilding Corporation Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne. Laid down as "Empire Stronsay" and launched on 26 September 1946 as "Louis E Durand". Completed in December 1946 as "Chef Mecanician Durand" for the French Government. Sold in 1949 to Compagnie Maritime Normande and renamed "Rollon". Operated under the management of J Chastellain et Compagnie, Rouen. Sold in 1963 to Aegis Shipping Co Ltd Greece and renamed "Aeakos". Ran aground on 9 September 1965 off Borneo () and abandoned. A salvage vessel was despatched from Singapore on 11 November but the ship was seized by pirates on 5 December 1965 and the salvage vessel returned to base.
"Coprinellus micaceus" is an edible species, and cooking inactivates the enzymes that cause autodigestion or "deliquescence"—a process that can begin as soon as one hour after collection. It is considered ideal for omelettes, and as a flavor for sauces, although it is "a very delicate species easily spoiled by overcooking". The fungus also appeals to fruit flies of the genus "Drosophila", who frequently use the fruit bodies as hosts for larvae production.
Madonna Mia
<doc id="22450530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22450530" title="List of Psathyrella species">

