In July 2006, the Madz won the grand prize ("Grand Prix de la Ville de Tours") at the "Florilege de Tours" choral competition in France, making them eligible for the 2007 European Choral Grand Prix (to be held in Arezzo, Italy). In the same competition, the Madz were also awarded the first prize for Category III (mixed vocal ensemble), first prize for Category IV (free program) and the "Prix University François Rabelais" for best interpretation of a Renaissance number.
Charge (physics)
Track listing.
In convective clouds, the cloud top is largely influenced by the strength of the convection activity, which itself may depend on surface properties, in particular the supply of heat and water vapor below the cloud. Cloud top height is often much more variable than cloud base elevation.
<doc id="5220591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5220591" title="Poplar (East India Road) railway station">
On 23 July 2010, in Liga I's opening match, Milanov received his first red card since his arrival in Vaslui. Following Luz's long term-injury and Bălace's bad shape, Milanov was sent to play on the left side. However, because of Papp's unsuccessful try out on the right side, Milanov was sent back on his favourite position. In his second season in Vaslui, he ended third in Liga I, after a long battle, between Oţelul Galaţi, Poli Timişoara and SC Vaslui, for their first championship.

Wisconsin, unique among American states, allows graduates of accredited law schools within the state to be admitted to the Wisconsin state bar without taking the state's bar examination if they complete certain requirements in their law school courses and achieve a certain level of performance in those courses, a practice known as the "diploma privilege."
Hatch became a member of the faculty at the University of Notre Dame in 1975, and directed graduate studies in Notre Dame's history department from 1980 to 1983, during which time he was also awarded the college's Paul Fenlon Award for excellence in undergraduate teaching. He served as associate dean of Notre Dame's College of Arts and Letters, its largest academic unit, from 1983 to 1988, and from 1988 to 1989 was the college's acting dean. Also during that time he founded and directed the Institute of Scholarship in the Liberal Arts (ISLA), which fostered a sixfold increase in external funding of faculty in the humanities and social sciences and assisted Notre Dame faculty members in winning 21 National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) fellowships from 1985 to 1991. In 1999 Hatch was appointed the Andrew V. Tackes Professor of History at Notre Dame.
Kick, Push was featured on the soundtrack of EA Sports NBA Live 07.

Croats are an important ethnic group in Chile; they are citizens of Chile who were either born in Europe or are Chileans of Croatian descent deriving their Croatian ethnicity from one or both parents. Chile has one of the largest communities of ethnic Croats and it is one of the most significant communities in the Croatian diaspora - second only to that which is found in the United States. They are one of the main example of successful assimilation of a non Spanish-speaking European ethnic group into Chilean society. Many successful entrepreneurs, scientists, artists and prominent politicians holding the highest offices in the country have been of Croatian descent.
Parliaments of King Edward II.
Mario Andretti crash.
<doc id="5222301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222301" title="Quatuor Mosaïques">
With just over ten laps to go, Alessandro Zampedri led Davy Jones and Buddy Lazier. All three cars ran close together. Zampedri began suffering handling problems, and Jones took the lead back on lap 190. One lap later, Lazier passed Zampedri on the outside going into turn three to take over second place. Lazier was now the fastest car on the track.
Fabrizio Barbazza crashed in turn 1 midway through the day during a refresher test. he was not injured. Late in the day, Al Unser, Jr., driving the new Galmer chassis, blew a motor. Michael Andretti led the speed chart for the afternoon at 226.187 mph.
At 1:21 p.m., Danny Sullivan took to the track and set a one-lap track record of 217.749 mph on his second lap. His four-lap average fell short of a record, but his speed of 216.214 mph took over the pole position for the moment. not to be upstaged, Rick Mears took to the track at 2 p.m. His first lap of 220.453 mph was an all-time official track record, the first driver to break the 220 mph barrier. His four-lap average of 219.198 mph won him the coveted pole position. It was his then-record fourth Indy 500 pole position.
Broadcasting.
<doc id="5222750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5222750" title="New Men (comics)">
While resistance to dalfopristin may be conferred via a single point of mutation, quinupristin/dalfopristin offers the benefit of requiring multiple points of mutation targeting both dalfopristin and quinupristin components to confer drug resistance. Comparatively, only 2-5% of staphylococcal isolates collected in France show resistance to a related streptogramin, pristinamycin, in over 35 years of use.
Hurrians.
<doc id="5223575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5223575" title="Lighthouse (disambiguation)">
An article by Joel Achenbach on Jaws appeared in the November 1998 issue of "National Geographic" magazine, both photographed by Patrick McFeeley.
Early into the 2010/2011 academic year, a new advertising campaign sparked controversy for the University College. The campaign, known as "Bresia Bold", was meant to call attention to Bresia's unique position as the only university-level women's college in Canada through edgy, (quasi-)feminist marketing. A sign, displaying a former Brescia student and the message: "Her mind is as sharp as her heels", was the source of said controversy. Amidst claims that it "enforced gender stereotypes", "heteronormativity", and "focus on appearances rather than substance", the advertisement was removed from Brescia's campus.

GH Broadcasting announced that it would sell KTOV to London Broadcasting Company, owner of KIII, in March 2012.
Out.
The N10 model Pulsar was introduced in May 1978, it was known as the Nissan Pulsar in Japan but was called Cherry in Europe and many other export markets. The body styling was more boxy, and influenced by designs coming out of Europe at that time. It came at a time when small hatchbacks were enjoying rising sales across Europe, with the Ford Fiesta, Volkswagen Polo, Renault 5 and Fiat 127 being particularly popular, along with the General Motors product which was known in Britain as the Vauxhall Chevette and on the continent as the Opel Kadett City. It continued to sell well in Britain, and was regularly the most popular foreign car there.

All tracks by John Spinks except were noted
Corbett served as United States Senator from Oregon from 1867-1873 during Reconstruction after the American Civil War, becoming a Republican Senator when he was forty, eight years after Oregon had become a state.
Charles Ernest Chamberlain (July 22, 1917–November 25, 2002) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. 
The Model 1900s were initially fitted with distinctive "high" spur hammers until approximately serial 2400 when "stub" rounded hammers also began to appear. As approximately 1,450 of the M1900 "high" hammers were left over when the M1900 merged into the M1902 sporting model, (the 1902 sporting model being a continuation with some internal modifications of the M1900) starting at serial 4275, it might be surmised that perhaps approximately 3,000 "high" hammer (mostly early) and about 1274 "stub" hammer M1900s were produced. Stub hammers may also possibly show up in some retrofitted earlier pistols. Numbers at this time can only be considered approximate. Collectors need to continue to post and communicate observations of surviving pistols.

