In January 2007, it was announced that a household waste recycling centre was planned at the Atlantic Trading Estate for the "recycling of glass, aluminium, plastic, battery boxes, fluorescent tubes, gas, oil, white goods and other waste". Oil recycling tank facilities were added to the centre in 2011. In 2014 it was reported that MDA Renewables Ltd plans on building a 25-metre-high 100 kW turbine on the southern boundary of the estate, declaring: "The proposed development will create a sustainable and renewable form of energy which will assist in meeting the Welsh Government's objectives in terms of reducing carbon emissions and minimising the causes of climate change." 
Manesco, Ramires, Perez, Azevedo Marques Sociedade de Advogados was founded in 1991 in São Paulo by partners Marcos Augusto Perez, Floriano de Azevedo Marques Neto and a group of friends that had majored in Law at University of São Paulo Law School. Four years later, José Roberto Manesco and Eduardo Augusto de Oliveira Ramires moinem the fellowship. The firm provides services public and private law services. The firm’s head office is based in São Paulo with branches in Brasília and Belo Horizonte. Partner Floriano de Azevedo Marques Neto was appointed one of the admired lawyers in Brazil in 2013 and partner José Roberto Manesco led the the Nucleos of Direct Contracting with the Government, for the Rights and Prerogatives Commission of the Order of Attorneys of Brazil in São Paulo in 2013.

Hong Kong East Cluster operates the following seven hospitals of various capabilities to provide a range of acute, convalescent, rehabilitation, and infirmary inpatient and ambulatory care services to the public in the areas of Eastern, Wan Chai and Islands Districts (except North Lantau). In mid-2012, the population of the areas was 825,400.
Sayyid Munavvar Ali Shihab
<doc id="43737526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43737526" title="Shen Dingcheng">
<doc id="43738059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43738059" title="75th World Science Fiction Convention">
Cookson progressed to become a contract website developer for a range of different blue-chip organisations.
The species is named for Dr. Andrea Sciarretta, who first collected the species.
