
According to the 2010 census, there were 13,477 people, 5,305 households, and 3,369 families residing in the borough. The population density was 11 people per square mile (4/km²). There were 6,166 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km²). The racial makeup of the borough was 68.7% White, 0.7% Black or African American, 14.3% Native American, 7.1% Asian (5.8% Filipino, 0.3% Chinese, 0.2% Japanese), 0.2% Pacific Islander (0.1% Hawaiian), 0.7% from other races, and 8.3% from two or more races. 4.3% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 3.31% reported speaking Tagalog at home, while 1.65% speak Spanish [http://www.mla.org/map_data_results&state_id=2&county_id=130&mode=geographic&zip=&place_id=&cty_id=&ll=&a=&ea=&order=r].
Benefits.
On December 7, 1989, Leonard defended the title against Roberto Durán, who was the reigning WBC Middleweight Champion. Durán was guaranteed $7.6 million and Leonard's arrangement guaranteed him over $13 million.
When the Æsir realize that the builder is a hrimthurs, they disregard their previous oaths with the builder, and call for Thor. Thor arrives, and kills the builder by smashing the builder's skull into shards with Mjöllnir. However, Loki "had such dealings" with Svaðilfari that "somewhat later" Loki gave birth to a gray foal with eight legs; the horse Sleipnir, "the best horse among gods and men".
Spain
Archeological findings indicate that the present day territory of the oblast has been inhabited for the last 14,000 years. Neolithic societies in the area lived by fishing and hunting. About three thousand years ago, pastoralism began to take hold.
The territory that made up the former Chita Oblast was first explored by Cossacks led by Pyotr Beketov in 1653. People began to move into and develop the area in order to strengthen Russia's border with China and Mongolia, extract mineral resources, and build the Trans-Siberian Railway. In 1920, Chita became the capital of the Far East Republic, which merged with Russia in November 1922, a month before the Soviet Union was constituted. In 1923, Chita Oblast was formed.
<doc id="87681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=87681" title="Langres">
Clergy.
There are also numerous articles on various points of analytical geometry. In two of them, written rather later, in 1792 and 1793, he reduced the equations of the quadrics (or conicoids) to their canonical forms.

Wandering Jew
Conon was born on Samos, Ionia, and possibly died in Alexandria, Ptolemaic Egypt, where he was court astronomer to Ptolemy III Euergetes. He named the constellation Coma Berenices ("Berenice's Hair") after Ptolemy's wife Berenice II. She sacrificed her hair in exchange for her husband's safe return from the Third Syrian War, which began in 246 BCE. When the lock of hair disappeared, Conon explained that the goddess had shown her favor by placing it in the sky. Not all Greek astronomers accepted the designation. In Ptolemy's "Almagest", Coma Berenices is not listed as a distinct constellation. However, Ptolemy does attribute several seasonal indications ("parapegma") to Conon. Conon was a friend of the mathematician Archimedes whom he probably met in Alexandria.
The cor anglais is a transposing instrument pitched in F, a perfect fifth lower than the oboe (a C instrument), and is consequently approximately one and a half times the length of the oboe. The fingering and playing technique used for the cor anglais are essentially the same as those of the oboe, and most oboists double on the cor anglais. Music for the cor anglais is thus written a perfect fifth higher than the instrument actually sounds. Because the cor anglais normally lacks the lowest B-flat key found on most oboes, its sounding range stretches from the E (written B natural) below middle C to the C two octaves above middle C.
In other media.
As payment for regaining the territory, the Dutch West India Company conveyed land from the south side of Christina Kill to Bombay Hook, and as far west as Minquas land. This land was known as the Colony of The City. On December 22, 1663, the Dutch transferred property rights to the territory along the Delaware River to England.
This decline was highlighted in the film "Roger & Me" by Michael Moore (the title refers to Roger B. Smith, the CEO of General Motors during the 1980s). Also highlighted in Moore's documentary was the failure of city officials to reverse the trends with entertainment options (e.g. the now-demolished AutoWorld) during the 1980s. Moore, a native of Davison (a Flint suburb), revisited Flint in his later movies, including "Bowling for Columbine" and "Fahrenheit 9/11".
Writing as Cate Tiernan, she is best known for her "Sweep" series, which follows the Wiccan adventures of a cast of high school students. The stories are sold as the "Wicca" series in the UK, Belgium, The Netherlands and Australia, and as "White Magic" ("Magie Blanche") in Italy and France. Under her own name, she is chiefly known for children's books in the "Princess", "American Gold Gymnasts", and "Disney Girls" series. In 2008 and 2009, Charbonnet collaborated with author James Patterson on two "young adult" novels, "Sundays at Tiffany's" and "Witch & Wizard".
Frakes was also the voice of Finn the Human's adult version in the episodes "Puhoy" and "Dungeon Train" on "Adventure Time".
Bilge maintenance.
Bonaire.
The dates and times of the perihelions and aphelions for several past and future years are listed in the following table:
Chamberlain and the British government had long wished for the federation of South Africa under the British crown, but it appeared that the growing wealth of the Transvaal would ensure that any future union of Southern African states would be as a Boer dominated republic outside the British Empire. Chamberlain sought British domination of the Transvaal and Orange Free State by endorsing the civil rights of the disenfranchised Uitlanders. Britain also exerted steady military pressure. In April 1897, Chamberlain asked the Cabinet to increase the British garrison in South Africa by three to four thousand men – consequently, the quantity of British forces in the area grew during the next two years.
