Indra Reddy was born on 4 October 1954 in Kowkuntla village in Chevella Mandal located in Ranga Reddy district of Andhra Pradesh. Indra Reddy studied M.A. from City College and LL.B from Osmania University. 

Career.

<doc id="42852181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42852181" title="1970–71 Indiana Pacers season">
The Monastery of the Annunciation (), commonly known as the Evangelistria Monastery (), is a monastery dedicated to the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary which sits on a hillside some 4 km north of Skiathos town on the Greek island of Skiathos. Although some buildings are ruined, the church and accommodation buildings have been restored.

On 30 May, Mehdi Nemmouche, a 29-year-old French national of Algerian origin, was arrested at Marseilles in connection with the shooting. He is believed to have spent over a year in Syria and had links with radical Islamists and appears to have recorded a video bearing the flag of the rebel group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.

Springville, Ohio
Stizocera nigroflava is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Zajciw in 1965.

The founders of NBO furthermore state that their ″main interest is the connection between music and life″, that they were influenced by the West-Eastern Divan Orchestra and their founder Daniel Barenboim and that they wish ″to avoid the trap of artistic excellence as an excuse for marginalized self-complacency, voluntary exclusion from society and time.″
In 936, Shi Jingtang, with military support from Khitan Empire's Emperor Taizong, overthrew then-ruling Later Tang emperor Li Congke and established his own state of Later Jin. Shi made Zhang Yanze the prefect of Cao Prefecture (曹州, in modern Heze, Shandong). Zhang later served under Yang Guangyuan against Fan Yanguang when Fan rebelled against Shi, and, for Zhang's accomplishments during the campaign against Fan, he was made the military governor of Zhenguo Circuit (鎮國, headquartered in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), and later was moved to Zhangyi Circuit (彰義, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu).
History.


Iochroma warscewiczii is a shrub in the family Solanaceae. The species, which is native to Peru, was formally described in 1855 by German botanist Eduard August von Regel.
King Umberto II of Italy, the last Italian King, was descended from Friso through his daughter:
Alain Santy
