On December 22, 2001, JCG ships intercepted a Chinese-flagged vessel believed to be North Korean in origin, in the Japanese Exclusive Economic Zone between Kyushu and China. When the vessel failed to respond, she was fired upon by the JCG and an exchange of gunfire resulted. The unidentified vessel sank in the Chinese EEZ with all hands. The ship, later salvaged by the JCG, was found to be carrying weapons and spy equipment. The wreck and its contents were put on display at the Japanese Coast Guard Museum at Yokohama.

J. L. Kraft and his wife Pauline had one daughter, Edith. The Krafts' home, built in 1922 by architect Paul V. Hyland, stands on North Kenmore in Wilmette, Illinois. He is interred in Memorial Park Cemetery, Skokie, Illinois.
In the spring of 2013 itaconic acid was demonstrated to have antimicrobial activity in a paper that also showed the compound was produced by the product of the mammalian gene Immune-Responsive Gene 1 ("irg1").
<doc id="3107673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3107673" title="Thomas Hickey">
The Roman Emperor Claudius (10 BCE – 54 CE) is known to have compiled an Etruscan-Latin dictionary, now lost.
Diaulos
If "instantaneous" values are considered, then a marginal value of formula_2 would be formula_11, and the “marginal value” of formula_7 would typically refer to
It is a suburb of the city of Lille, and is adjacent to it on the northeast. The name Mons-en-Barœul means mount in the Barœul, the city is actually built on a slight hill; the Barœul was a former territory (see also Marcq-en-Barœul). Before the sixteenth century, little is known of this county, which was only rural. Plans of the eighteenth century show Mons-en-Barœul as a small village without a church, with farms scattered along the high road from Lille to Roubaix. It is a former dependency of Fives, a district which is now part of Lille.


Pool 2.
The 14th replaced, and absorbed resources of, the 3650th Pilot Training Wing in June 1972 at Columbus Air Force Base, Mississippi, and assumed an undergraduate pilot training program, plus base operations and maintenance.
Attorney-General (Fiji)

In 2006, he composed music for the Hindi film "Vivah" directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya and its spin-off sequel "Ek Vivaah Aisa Bhi" directed by Kaushik Ghatak, both of which were produced by Rajshri Productions. 
Community College of Baltimore County Hunt Valley Campus is one of the two supplemental campuses of CCBC. It uses a leased building located in 11101 McCormick Road, a business park in Hunt Valley, Maryland.

<doc id="3110075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3110075" title="Jim Cannon">

He is a professor of international law and international organisations at El Colegio de México and also teaches at the Matías Romero Institute. His other academic activities have seen him work at the Centro de Investigación y Docencia Económicas (CIDE) and the UNAM.
An item can be "expanded" to reveal subitems, if any exist, and "collapsed" to hide subitems.
From 1958 through 1985, the post of Cardinal Priest with the title "Sanctae Susannae" was given to the Archbishop of Boston upon his creation as a cardinal. The most recent such appointment was that of Bernard Francis Law, who in 2002 resigned the archbishopric but kept the title of Santa Susanna.
Bleach: Heat the Soul.
Set in the 10th Interval (immediately following the 10th Pass of the Red Star), "PernMUSH" does not incorporate many of the more recent Pern books and there is a strict policy against 'rediscovering' lost technology. The strictures against women have been greatly eased, and women can be Lady Holders, CraftMasters etc. and can ride any color, but bronze. "PernMUSH" takes place solely on the Northern Continent of Pern.
Skin were formed in the early 1990s by ex-Jagged Edge members Myke Gray (born 12 May 1968, Fulham, London) and Andy Robbins (also formerly of Tokyo Blade & Shogun) along with former Kooga vocalist Neville MacDonald (b.Ynysybwl, Pontypridd, Wales) and drummer Dicki Fliszar, formerly of Bruce Dickinson's touring band and band Vamp. Originally called Taste, they went through a number of names (Obsession, Bad For Good, Phoenix) as they played a smattering of small club dates throughout 1992. The band showed enough quality on these dates to be offered a management deal with Sanctuary Management, who also handled Iron Maiden and, ultimately, a record deal with Parlophone. Through Maiden vocalist Bruce Dickinson, the band came to the attention of noted American producer Keith Olsen who offered to produce their debut at his 'Goodnight LA' Studio. During 1993, the band flew to LA and began recording. Once the sessions were finished, the band listened to the finished product and decided more was needed so another three songs were recorded with Shay Baby producing.
<doc id="3111535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3111535" title="Development of Chinese Nationalist air force (1937–45)">
"As of 6 August, 2014."
SMM
