CDLP has been also rolled out at the French cable operator Numericable before upgrading its IP broadband network using DOCSIS.
Student life.
HTTP essentially fixes the bugs in FTP that made it inconvenient to use for many small ephemeral transfers as are typical in web pages.
History.
Species of the genus "Tetrastigma" serve as hosts to parasitic plants in the family Rafflesiaceae.
It has been proposed that endometriosis results from a series of multiple hits within target genes, in a mechanism similar to the development of cancer. In this case, the initial mutation may be either somatic or heritable.
<doc id="53350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=53350" title="Place Charles de Gaulle">
Demographics.
In the alternative quantum reality presented by the 2009 film "Star Trek", the planet Vulcan is destroyed in the year 2258 by an artificial black hole created by the "Narada", a Romulan mining vessel from the future, killing most of its six billion inhabitants. Its captain, Nero, holds Spock personally responsible for a disaster involving Romulus more than a century later. Spock estimates that no more than 10,000 Vulcans escaped the planet and survived the genocide (which may possibly include Vulcans that were on the original series). However, the film's writers have stated that this does not include Vulcans who were living off planet at the time. By the time of the 2013 sequel "Star Trek Into Darkness", the Vulcans appeared to have re-established their society on a planet called New Vulcan.
Esolangs have begun to be interpreted as art or created with that point of view in mind. Geoff Cox writes that esolangs "shift attention from command and control toward cultural expression and refusal”, seeing esolangs as similar to code art and code poetry, such as Mez Breeze's mezangelle. Daniel Temkin describes brainfuck as "refusing to ease the boundary between human expression and assembly code and thereby taking us on a ludicrous journey of logic," exposing the inherent conflict between human thinking and computer logic. He connects programming within an esolang to performing an event score such as those of the Fluxus movement, where playing out the rules of the logic in code makes the point of view of the language clear.
Until the 1960s the surviving Rapanui were confined to Hanga Roa. The rest of the island was rented to the Williamson-Balfour Company as a sheep farm until 1953. The island was then managed by the Chilean Navy until 1966, at which point the island was reopened in its entirety. In 1966 the Rapanui were given Chilean citizenship.
In response to criticism over the reduced reach of the SMLE rifle and bayonet, British ordnance authorities introduced the P1907 bayonet in 1908, which had an elongated blade of some seventeen inches to compensate for the reduced overall length of the SMLE rifle. U.S. authorities in turn adopted a long (16-in. blade) bayonet for the M1903 Springfield short rifle, the M1905 bayonet; later, a long sword bayonet was also provided for the M1917 Enfield rifle.
In Europe Germany was the strongest power after 1871, but Samuel Newland writes:
Cinnamon, as a warm and dry substance, was believed by doctors in ancient times to cure snakebites, freckles, the common cold, and kidney troubles, among other ailments. However, newer studies showed that some substances in cinnamon, particularly coumarin, may cause liver damage in some sensitive people.
Lee recorded special dialogue in addition to serving as the Narrator for Lego The Hobbit video game released in April 2014.
Cavell was not arrested for espionage, as many were led to believe, but for treason. She may have been recruited by the British Secret Intelligence Service (SIS) and turned away from her espionage duties in order to help Allied soldiers escape, although this is not widely accepted. Rankin cites the published statement of M. R. D. Foot, historian and WW2 British intelligence officer, as to Cavell's having been part of SIS or MI6

Usage.
Heinlein's original title for the novel was "The Brass Cannon", replaced with the final title at the publisher's request. The original title was derived from an event in the novel.
The Atlantic puffin forms part of the national diet in Iceland, where the species does not have legal protection. Puffins are hunted by a technique called "sky fishing", which involves catching low-flying birds with a big net. Their meat is commonly featured on hotel menus. The fresh heart of a puffin is eaten raw as a traditional Icelandic delicacy.
May celebrations.
<doc id="53696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=53696" title="Division (mathematics)">
Gujarat has developed a mercantile ethos which maintained a tradition of long-distance trade, seafaring and overseas contacts since ancient times, and the diffusion of culture through Gujarati diaspora was a logical outcome of such a tradition. During the pre-modern period, merchants formed diaspora communities outside of Gujarat, and in many parts of the world, such as the Persian Gulf, Middle East, Horn of Africa, Hong Kong and Indonesia long before the internal rise of the Maratha Dynasty, and the British Raj colonial occupation.
UEA was founded in 1908 by the Swiss journalist Hector Hodler and others, and is now headquartered in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The organization has an office at the United Nations building in New York City.
In 2006, Alex Cox tried to get funding for a series of eight very low budget features set in Liverpool and produced by local talent. The project was not completed, but the director grew interested in pursuing the idea of a film made for less than £100,000. He had originally hoped to shoot "Repo Man" on a comparable budget, and hoped that the lower overhead would mean greater creative freedom.
Let tree "Y2" be the graph obtained by removing edge "f" from and adding edge "e" to tree "Y1". It is easy to show that tree "Y2" is connected, has the same number of edges as tree "Y1", and the total weights of its edges is not larger than that of tree "Y1", therefore it is also a minimum spanning tree of graph "P" and it contains edge "e" and all the edges added before it during the construction of set "V". Repeat the steps above and we will eventually obtain a minimum spanning tree of graph "P" that is identical to tree "Y". This shows "Y" is a minimum spanning tree.
Railroad.
Salt Lake City is the headquarters for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and has many LDS-related sites open to visitors. The most popular is Temple Square, which includes the Salt Lake Temple (not open to the general public) and visitors’ centers that are open to the public, free of charge. Temple Square also includes the historic Tabernacle, home of the world-famous Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The modern LDS Conference Center is across the street to the north. The Family History Library, the largest genealogical library in the world, is located just west of Temple Square. It is run by the LDS Church and is open to the public and free of charge. Adjacent to Temple Square is also the Eagle Gate Monument.
The 1930s and 1940s brought much change to the Island City. During World War II, the Galveston Municipal Airport, predecessor to Scholes International Airport, was re-designated a U.S. Army Air Corps base and named "Galveston Army Air Field". In January 1943, Galveston Army Air Field was officially activated with the 46th Bombardment Group serving an anti-submarine role in the Gulf of Mexico. In 1942, William Lewis Moody, Jr., along with his wife Libbie Shearn Rice Moody, established the Moody Foundation, to benefit "present and future generations of Texans." The foundation, one of the largest in the United States, would play a prominent role in Galveston during later decades, helping to fund numerous civic and health-oriented programs.
A collection of RDF statements intrinsically represents a labeled, directed multi-graph. As such, an RDF-based data model is more naturally suited to certain kinds of knowledge representation than the relational model and other ontological models. However, in practice, RDF data is often persisted in relational database or native representations also called Triplestores, or Quad stores if context (i.e. the named graph) is also persisted for each RDF triple. ShEX, or Shape Expressions, is a language for expressing constraints on RDF graphs. It includes the cardinality constraints from OSLC Resource Shapes and Dublin Core Description Set Profiles as well as logical connectives for disjunction and polymorphism. As RDFS and OWL demonstrate, one can build additional ontology languages upon RDF.
Applying the definition of centripetal acceleration to Newton's second law gives a force of 
TV airings and Home Video.
"Arma virumque cano" ("Arms and the man I sing").
If the normed space is euclidean, or, more generally, strictly convex, then formula_14 if and 
He was lyricist for many songs now in the standard repertoire, including:
were pioneers such as Hermann von Helmholtz, Ernst Heinrich Weber, Carl F. W. Ludwig, and Johannes Peter Müller. Biophysics might even be seen as dating back to the studies of Luigi Galvani.
Biography.
After Amherst, he studied at the London School of Economics for a year, where he was exposed to the work of R. H. Tawney, Bronisław Malinowski, and Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse. During his days at LSE he made friends with E.E. Evans-Pritchard, Meyer Fortes and Raymonth Firth, who all participated in the Malinowski seminar and in addition, he made a close personal friendship with Arthur and Eveline Burns.
In 1984 the information in the books was expanded and revised and some of the books were combined and the material in them rearranged. An initial boxed set was brought out in 1984 which resembled the previous Spell Law and Arms Law/Claw Law boxed set but contained a new Spell Law, a combined Arms Law/Claw and the existing Character Law, as well as the Vog Mur campaign setting module.
Note: All systems in Russia, including those in Asia, are listed together, for convenience, in the Europe section of this article.
Folic acid appears to reduce the risk of stroke, which may be due to the role folate plays in regulating homocysteine concentration. The reviews indicate the risk of stroke appears to be reduced only in some individuals, but a definite recommendation regarding supplementation beyond the current RDA has not been established for stroke prevention. Observed stroke reduction is consistent with the reduction in pulse pressure produced by folate supplementation of 5 mg per day, since hypertension is a key risk factor for stroke. Folic supplements are inexpensive and relatively safe to use, which is why stroke or hyperhomocysteinemia patients are encouraged to consume daily B vitamins including folic acid.
Hydrate formation, prevention and mitigation philosophy.
Two one-hour practice sessions take place on the Friday at each Super Sprint event with the exception of the ITM 500 Auckland, which has only a single thirty-minute session.
On November 24, 1992, Travolta was piloting his Gulfstream N728T at night above a solid undercast, when he experienced a total electrical system failure, while flying under instrument flight rules into Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. During the emergency landing, he almost had a mid-air collision with a USAir Boeing 727, an event attributed to a risky decision by an air traffic controller.
Types.
"Cocoa" is a deviation of the Spanish word "cacao", derived from the Nahuatl word "cacahuatl". Cocoa can often also refer to the drink commonly known as hot chocolate; to cocoa powder, the dry powder made by grinding cocoa seeds and removing the cocoa butter from the dark, bitter cocoa solids; or to a mixture of cocoa powder and cocoa butter.
The "parti philosophique" was supported by the Marquise de Pompadour, who acted as a sort of minister without portfolio from the time she became royal mistress in 1745 until her death in 1764. The Marquise was in favour of reforms. Supported by her clan of financiers (Pâris-Duverney, Montmartel, etc.), she obtained from the king the appointment of ministers (such as the foreign minister François Joachim de Pierre de Bernis in 1757), as well as their dismissal (such as Philippe Orry in 1745 and the Navy secretary Maurepas in 1749). On her advice, the king supported the policy of fiscal justice designed by Machault d'Arnouville. In order to finance the budget deficit, which amounted to 100 million "livres" in 1745, Machault d'Arnouville created a tax on the twentieth of all revenues that affected the privileged classes as well as commoners.
In February and March 2011 he appeared in the onstage band in Mark-Anthony Turnage's opera "Anna Nicole", about the "Playboy" model Anna Nicole Smith, at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, in London.
Surgical.
As of the census of 2000, there were 55,073 people, 21,884 households, and 14,509 families residing in the county. The population density was 111 people per square mile (43/km²). There were 27,787 housing units at an average density of 56 per square mile (22/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 95.99% White, 1.80% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.53% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 0.91% from two or more races. 1.61% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 17.2% were of Italian, 16.4% German, 13.2% Irish, 10.0% English, 8.3% American, 5.8% French and 5.7% Polish ancestry according to Census 2000. 96.1% spoke English and 1.6% Spanish as their first language.
Jay endured kidney problems for most of his life, according to his wife, and relied on dialysis. His sister donated one of her own. Miner died due to complications from kidney failure at the age of 62, just two months after Commodore declared bankruptcy.
In Spain is called Fiscalía General or Ministerio Fiscal.
literally "nose-twister" or "nose-tweaker"), is a genus of roughly 80 species of annual and perennial herbaceous flowering plants. It was named by Carl Linnaeus and is the only genus in the family Tropaeolaceae. The nasturtiums received their common name because they produce an oil that is similar to that of watercress ("Nasturtium officinale").
