
Wallmerod has at its disposal one kindergarten and one primary school.
RCHS also hosts an event for military veterans, called Rancho Remembers, which is held every April/May. The event, founded and organized in 2007 by two of the school's history teachers and a number of students in a club of the same name, gathers a number of veterans in the school's gymnasium, who have the opportunity to share their stories and interact with the school's junior class in a formal setting, with lunch also being served at the event for the veterans and students. The event attracts a large number of veterans each year, with the 2013 event attracting 320 veterans. Rancho Remembers and its founders have received great praise from the veterans, and from local citizens and news outlets, for putting on such a special event that honors the veterans, and teaches the students in a memorable fashion.
Robert "Red" Miller (born October 31, 1927) is a former professional football coach with the Denver Broncos.
<doc id="4371962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4371962" title="Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (E)">
LibriVox is an online digital library of free public domain audiobooks, read by volunteers. The LibriVox objective is "to make all books in the public domain available, for free, in audio format on the internet".
She is married to Richard Swedberg.
A general change-of-mind exchange/store credit policy is provided within seven days of purchase with receipt. Goods purchased for gifts may also be given a fourteen-day gift exchange voucher.
Banksia rosserae

__NOTOC__
The first post office in the town of Canby, as Stapleton was then known, was established in 1895. Later, the Hamm brothers of Chicago, IL convinced the Louisville and Nashville Railroad (L&N) to build a subsidiary line between Bay Minette and Foley. By 1905 this spur called the Bay Minette & Fort Morgan Railroad had penetrated the thirty-seven miles of dense Baldwin County pine forests with the town of Canby lying along the route. Shortly afterwards the town's name was changed to honor W. D. Stapleton, the man who was instrumental in getting a railroad depot for their town. The railroad was important to the local economy and early on the trains passed through Stapleton several times a day as they made their way to the southern end of the county and back. Highway traffic also picked up as of 1936 when the only paved road in Baldwin County, other than a small strip in Bay Minette going from the courthouse to the railroad, was the stretch of US 31 coming in from Atmore and ending at Stapleton. By the 1970s the train traffic had slowed down to at most one train making the down and back trip each day. Now the train tracks are completely gone.
The song has been covered by artists such as The Delta Rhythm Boys, Jimmy Dale Gilmore, Asleep at the Wheel, Jerry Lee Lewis, Hank Williams Jr., Hank Williams III, and The Little Willies.
"Please note: a different points system is being used in this tournament. 2 points are awarded for a win, and 1 point is awarded for a draw. In addition, 1 point is awarded for every game played (thus penalising sides who don't fulfil fixtures)"
