Eduard "Eddy" Scharf (born November 7, 1953 in Cologne) is a German professional poker player best known for winning two World Series of Poker bracelets.
"She Was a Clergyman’s Daughter" (sheet music shown at right) was a seemingly innocent, but actually risqué music hall song about a clergyman's daughter who was not as naive or charitable as she would have you imagine. Reeve performed the song in a demure costume of a flounced dress and bonnet, letting the audience in on the racy innuendos of the song through knowing winks and gestures. She continued to perform in pantomimes, being promoted to principal boy in 1891 in "The Old Bogie of the Sea" at the Britannia Theatre and playing the title role in "Aladdin" at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Birmingham, in 1892, where she sang her hit song "What Do I Care?" In 1893, she played Bo-Peep in "Bo-Peep and Bonnie Boy Blue" at the same theatre.
In his memory, starting with season 2003-2004 the Romanian National Championship will be called officially: "Campionatul National "Andrei FOLBERT" 2003-2004".
<doc id="11717725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11717725" title="Robert Leach">
Crawfish Creek is a short stream in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S state of Wyoming This watercourse is known for its unusually warm temperatures compared to other surface water bodies in Wyoming; these elevated temperatures enable crawfish to thrive in the water. Summer water temperatures are in the range of 22 to 24 degrees Celsius; pH levels are typically about 9.1, or somewhat alkaline. The warm waters come from a southern portion of the Yellowstone volcanic zone which produces hot water from hot springs and fumaroles in the area. The stream feeds into the Lewis River just south of the Lewis River Canyon and just before the Lewis River converges with the Snake River.
Samuel Woodson may refer to:
KMAQ has the distinction of having an all-female sales force, with the exception of its sales manager Leighton Hepker, who also serves as station manager. 
Panico was named nuncio to Peru on 28 September 1948, and Apostolic Delegate to Canada on 14 November 1953. Pope John XXIII appointed him nuncio to Portugal on 25 January 1959.
Jungmann
Terence John Quinn CBE FRS is a British physicist, and Emeritus Director of the International Bureau of Weights and Measures, where he was Director from 1988 until 2003.
The trail was named in a contest in 1967 by D.B. Remington. "Waskaheegan" is Plains Cree for "house", in reference to the nearby Fort Edmonton trading post. At the same time in 1967, the Regional Trials Committee was formed to promote the Trail in the "Edmonton Journal" and setting up a set of group bylaws. WTA was 'born' at 7:40 pm, March 20, 1969 at a meetings of the Regional Trails Committee. Work in earnest began in 1973 with of trail being built and the first guide book published.
31. "The Fire Dragon Caper"

The second screenplay, a twist-filled sci-fi love story called "Spaceless", has remained in active development for a decade, first at specialty division Fox 2000, then Fox Animation, and finally at the main live-action division of Twentieth Century Fox. The script is a long-time favorite of Gore Verbinski, who directed "The Ring" and "Pirates of the Caribbean". Vintar reacquired the rights to "Spaceless" through the little-known WGA contract "reacquisition" clause in the spring of 2009, and the project has moved to Universal with Verbinski producing through his Blind Wink Productions. "Jane Eyre" director Cary Fukunaga was hired to direct, but after turning in a rewrite that differed too greatly from the original script, he has since been removed from the project. Verbinski has taken over as director with Vintar back on board as writer. 
<doc id="11722578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11722578" title="2007 DFS Classic">

SQL/XML or XML-Related Specifications is part 14 of the Structured Query Language (SQL) specification. In addition to the traditional predefined SQL data types like codice_1 it introduces the predefined data type codice_2 together with constructors, several routines, functions, and XML-to-SQL data type mappings to support manipulation and storage of XML in a SQL database. 
Hell Is for Heroes (album)
<doc id="11724582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11724582" title="Rutger Hauer filmography">
Mobbing calls may also be part of an animal's arsenal in harassing the predator. Studies of "Phainopepla" mobbing calls indicate it may serve to enhance the swooping attack on the predators, including Scrub Jays. In this species, the mobbing call is smoothly upsweeping, and is made when swooping down in an arc beside the predator. This call was also heard during agonistic behavior interactions with conspecifics, and may serve additionally or alternatively as an alarm call to their mate.
In 1987 the company reported its best financial results - sales of $134 million and net income of over $7 million. That same year, Sound Insight was purchased by a group of Canadian and US investors and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Vector No. Acquisition Corporation. During this period the company went through a period of rapid expansion, opening almost 100 new retail stores during 1989. 
Early years (1974–1986).
<doc id="11726394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11726394" title="PG 1159 star">
In the past, non-law school graduates were allowed to take the bar. However, the Revised Rules of Court and Supreme Court Circulars allow Filipino graduates of Philippine law schools (and subject to certain conditions, Filipino graduates of foreign law schools) to take the bar, necessarily excluding non-law graduates and foreigners who have law degrees from taking part in the exercise.
Although theatre has been her home ground she has also been a reliable talent in Australian films and mini-series, landing many credits for strong supporting roles. She made one foray into directing in the little-noticed "The More Things Change..." (1986).
Iranian leaders have made vehement declarations against Israel. Ahmadinejad was widely reported as calling for Israel to be "wiped off the map." However, this translation is disputed, and some have considered it a psyop (See: Translation of phrase "wiped off the map"). A call for Israel's destruction is also attributed to Khomeini, the political leader of the 1979 Iranian Islamic Revolution., and Iranian military parades featured ballistic missiles adorned with slogans such as 'Israel must be uprooted and erased from history'.
Construction of the facilities of the ferroalloys plant started in 1962. In January 1968, the first ton of ferroalloys was produced at the plant, and in July 1970 8 smelters were commissioned in Workshop No. 2. The first CEO of the Yermak Ferroalloys Plant was Pyotr Topilsky. In 1995, the enterprise merged into the Kazkhrom Transnational Company.
A list of American films released in 1988.
The Arab Society for Intellectual Property (ASIP) is a non-profit organization based in Munich established on February 23, 1987 with the purpose of enhancing and developing the protection of the Intellectual Property (IP) system in Arab countries.
Politics.

