The National Ice Centre is an Industry Green accredited venue.
Ireland.
Noctua (Latin for "little owl") was a seldom mentioned constellation that was once placed between the end of the tail of Hydra, the sea-serpent and Libra. The origins of the constellation are unknown, but an image of it appears in "A Celestial Atlas" (1822) by the British amateur astronomer Alexander Jamieson, and in the American astronomer Elijah Burritt's "Atlas" (1835), part of his "Geography of the Heavens". Noctua seemed to replace the earlier constellations of Turdus Solitarius, the solitary thrush and John Flamsteed's Hermit Bird. All of these constellations are no longer recognized by astronomers.
He made a return to the field to take part in Jamie Carragher's testimonial match.
The ABO blood group system is widely credited to have been discovered by the Austrian scientist Karl Landsteiner, who identified the O, A, and B blood types in 1900. Landsteiner originally described the O blood type as type "C", and in parts of Europe it is rendered as "0" (zero), signifying the lack of A or B antigen. Landsteiner was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1930 for his work. Alfred von Decastello and Adriano Sturli discovered the fourth type, AB, in 1902.
The principal cause of the sack was the delay in payment due the soldiers by Philip II. Spain had recently declared bankruptcy, and 400,000 florins intended as payment to the troops were seized by the government of Elizabeth I when ships containing the florins sought shelter from a storm in English ports.
Brampton:

On April 14, 2005, Pantano tried to waive his right to an Article 32 pretrial hearing, in an effort to speed the process toward a court martial. Pantano claimed that the government was withholding key evidence and witnesses and according to a statement made by his mother, waived his right to a hearing "in order to get a Military Judge to compel the prosecution to produce witnesses and evidence in his case." The request was denied and the Article 32 hearing was held on April 26, 2005 with Major Mark Winn as the presiding officer.
<doc id="1587228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1587228" title="Christien Rioux">
<doc id="1587331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1587331" title="Glen Johnson">
Win 94.6 FM was a FM radio channel in Mumbai, India playing Hindi songs. It broadcast started on 30 April 2001 at 94.6 MHz. It was the Most Popular Radio Station in Mumbai when It was Onair. The Station played variety of Music, including the Old Songs and new songs. Limited was the Advertising with the Best Bunch of Radio Jockeys. It was Indeed the "No.1 Radio Station In Mumbai". Their punchline was "Hit pe hit pe hit".

Wildlife in the area includes mule deer, grizzly bears, black bears, mountain goats and Rocky Mountain bighorn sheep.
Ekiden outside of Japan.
Despite traces of human presence dating to pre-historic times, the first historical mention of a settlement in the area is linked to a Phoenician colony (8th century BC) - remains have been found at Los Toscanos. Also the Romans had settlements in the area, and produced "garum".
Banana Jr. 6000.
A recurring subplot throughout the story deals with Schofield's psychological state following the murder of Elizabeth Gant. After seeing a civilian psychiatrist, he accepts that he will never get closure over Gant's death, but by compartmentalising his memories of her, he will be able to continue being a soldier. This ability becomes crucial in enduring torture at the hands of Marius Calderon, the leader of the Army of Thieves.
After two seasons with the Eagles, O'Brien retired from football to become an agent in the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), where he worked for ten years. After completing his training, he was assigned to the bureau’s field office in Springfield, Missouri. He was a firearms instructor at Quantico, Virginia, and spent the last five years of his FBI career in Dallas. He resigned from the bureau in 1950 and went to work for H. L. Hunt in land development. He later entered the oil business, working for Dresser Atlas Industries of Dallas. He was also president of the TCU Alumni Association, a YMCA board member, a chair of the Tarrant County Democratic Party, a supporter of Golden Gloves youth boxing programs, and a deacon of University Christian Church. He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1955 and the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in 1956. From 1960–1964, he was the color commentator on Dallas Cowboys telecasts.
Darwin's book "The Structure and Distribution of Coral Reefs" on his theory of atoll formation was published in May after more than three years of work, with "Part 4: Fish" of "Zoology of the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle" also going to print. Illness was a continuing problem, and he and Emma left London on 18 May, visiting her parents at Maer Hall before moving on to Shrewsbury on 15 June for rest and quiet. Now Darwin "first allowed myself the satisfaction of writing a very brief abstract of my theory in pencil in 35 pages", the '"Pencil Sketch"' of his theory. This discussed farmers breeding animals, gave the analogy of overpopulation and competition leading to "Natural Selection" through the "war of nature" and the mechanism of "descent". Every living thing was related in a branching pedigree, not ascending a Lamarckian ladder, and this pedigree was the proper basis for classification. He thought it "derogatory" to argue that God had made every kind of parasite and worm on an individual whim. Already, a rough form of the phrasing and ideas which he went on to publish 17 years later in the closing paragraph of "On the Origin of Species" can be seen in his conclusion in this first draft:
