

For comparison, in the parabolic type of antenna a feedhorn at the end of a waveguide directs a conical beam of output energy toward the reflector, whence it is focused into a narrow collimated beam. Reflected energy from the environment follows the reverse path and is focused by the reflector onto the feed horn where it travels back to the receiver. The reflector must be built to a precision determined by the wavelength used. For a one centimeter wavelength, a reflector precision of one or two millimeters would be adequate.
Organic light-emitting diodes (OLED) cells directly emit light. Therefore, OLEDs require no separate light source, and are highly efficient in terms of light output. They offer the same high contrast levels and fast response times that FED offers. OLEDs are a serious competitor to FEDs, but suffer from the same sorts of problems bringing them to mass production.


<doc id="919281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=919281" title="Inner Mongolia University">
Murasaki's "The Tale of Genji" is barely mentioned in the diary. She writes the Emperor had the story read to him, and that colored papers and calligraphers had been selected for transcriptions of the manuscript – done by court women. In one anecdote she tells of Michinaga sneaking into her room to help himself to a copy of the manuscript. There are parallels between the later chapters of "Genji" and the diary. A scene mentioned in the diary, that of the splendid imperial procession of Ichijo's visit to Michinaga's mansion in 1008, 
The film "Gattaca" deals with the idea of genetic engineering and eugenics as it projects what class relations would look like in a future society after a few generations of the possibility of genetic engineering.
Historical distribution of this species included Cambodia, southern Laos, southeast Thailand, and Western Vietnam. They are now thought to be extinct in all areas outside of Cambodia. Kouprey live in low, partially forested hills, where they eat mainly grasses. Their preferred habitat is open forest and savannas often near thick monsoon forests. They are diurnal, eating in the open at night and under the forest cover during the day. They usually travel up to 15 km in a night. 
In March and April 2005, Four Tet performed two shows of improvisational music, in collaboration with jazz drummer Steve Reid, in Paris and London. He also appears on Steve Reid Ensemble 2005 album "Spirit Walk". This collaboration was extended into a series of international tours, and the release of two albums, "The Exchange Session Vol. 1" and "The Exchange Session Vol. 2" over the course of 2005 and 2006.
