<doc id="10968041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10968041" title="1936 French Championships – Men's Singles">
Maureen Connolly defeated Doris Hart 6–2, 6–4 in the final to win the Women's Singles tennis title at the 1953 French Championships.
John LeConte
Between 1342 and 1352, the Sao, who had dominated Kanem prior to the Zaghawa, killed four mais in battle. The proliferation of mai claimants to the throne led to a series of internecine wars.


Pre-draft.
Recent Applications.
The seeded players are listed below. Billie Jean King is the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.
Allan first started playing football at Interlake High School located in Bellevue, Washington.
<doc id="10971368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10971368" title="FIL European Luge Natural Track Championships">
the Art Gallery of Hamilton, Ontario;
Eccellenza Sicily

Jim Cason
In 2002 Carroll's “The Cheerleaders” which appeared in "Spin", was selected as one of the year's “Best True Crime Reporting” pieces. It appeared in "Best American Crime Writing" edited by Otto Penzler, Thomas H. Cook, Nicholas Pileggi (Pantheon Books, 2002).
This was Jean Borotra (one of the Four Musketeers) second and last singles win at his native Slam.
Stevens spends a lot of time preparing for each game, and always tries to add a few new wrinkles specific to that game's opponent. "Sports Illustrated" calls Stevens an expert "on breaking down tape and looking at statistical trends to find opponents' weaknesses." Former player Ronald Nored agrees: "We know everything we need to about our opponents, all their tendencies are broken down" ahead of time.

Sir James Long, 5th Baronet (1682 – 16 March 1729) was an English politician.
Mike Gillespie may refer to:

Functionality.
Iñapari language
Litigation.



White took on the role of RFU National Referee Academy manager in September 2010, performing this role whilst continuing to referee in the Aviva Premiership. White's 190th and final Aviva Premiership game was on September 24 between Worcester and Harlequins. His final match before retirement took place on December 3, 2011, when he refereed the Help4Heroes Rugby Challenge between the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. White retired after this game to take up his role as National Referee Academy manager on a full-time basis.
Other co-stars are Luis Gnecco as Necochea, Paola Giannini as Chepita, Paulina García as María Encarnación, Ingrid Isenee as Constanza, Marcial Edwards as José Portales, Pablo Schwarz as Santiago Florín and Pablo Krögh as Viadurre.
A gale "d" is called "constructive", "c.e.", or "lower semi-computable" if the numbers formula_3 are uniformly left-c.e. reals (i.e. can uniformly be written as the limit of an increasing computable sequence of rationals).

1942 U.S. National Championships (tennis)
Historical narrative in Islam.
Starting the casting: First a short prayer is recited and then a small amount of metal is poured into a depression in a warm rock. When it has cooled it is broken apart and the size of the jagged teeth at the fractured surface reveals whether the melting process has come to an end or not. If they are too short, copper has to be added, if they are too long, tin. In order to guide the metal into the form, cone shaped pins are pushed in. The hole thus created lets the melt stream out, first into a curved trough and then into the bell form. 
The exhibition is presented in narrative form. Use is made of classical exhibition methods as well as of modern forms of presentation. Five films newly created for the Documentation Center are essential elements on the route through the exhibition. Easy-to-use electronic display stations on various topics offer a wealth of informative pictorial material. Eyewitness interviews which were especially filmed are aimed at making history much more amenable, particularly for the younger generation. A wearable "Audioguide" leads visitors through the exhibition in English, French, Italian, Spanish, Russian, and Polish.
She was the first woman ever to lift weight at the Olympic Games, competing in the 48 kg category at the Sydney Olympics in 2000. She finished sixth in the women's 53 kg weight class at the 2004 Summer Olympics, lifting a total of 177.5 kg. She was her country's flag-bearer at the 2004 Games.

In March 2011, The house that Target uses for filming in Tauranga was uncovered by an electrician who had been called to fit a power point in the bedroom. The electrician started the job but quickly suspected something was out of the ordinary when he noticed a diary lying open next to where he was working, bikinis on the bed, and photographs of women. He also found a hidden camera in a smoke alarm. He left the job immediately and phoned his lawyer who advised him not to continue. This event has not aired yet.
The TTT Senior Staff Association was a trade union in Trinidad and Tobago that organised senior staff at TTT, the Trinidad and Tobago Television service. TTT was merged into the National Broadcasting Network (NBN) and was later closed.

Personal life.
Notes.
<doc id="10982330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10982330" title="Richard Pockrich (MP)">


In 2005-06, the Eagles reached the 20-win plateau for the third consecutive season and won their second MAC West title with a 15-1 conference record, notching the most league wins in school history. Their 22-8 overall record put them into the postseason for the third straight year as the Eagles earned a bid to the WNIT. EMU's 1st round opponent, Indiana State, defeated the Eagles 79-57. While on maternity leave for most of her final season at EMU, Merchant's Eagles finished second in the MAC West Division with a 10-6 league record and finished 16-13 overall, losing to Kent State 70-56 in the MAC conference semi-finals.
Demographics.
The first decorated Seabee hero of the war, Seaman 2nd Class Lawrence C. "Bucky" Meyer, USNR, was among the Seabees of the 6th battalion who worked on Henderson Field. In his off-time, he salvaged and repaired an abandoned machine gun, which, on 3 October 1942, he used to shoot down a Japanese Zero fighter making a strafing run. For this exploit, he was awarded the Silver Star. It was, however, a posthumous award, for 13 days after shooting down the plane, "Bucky" Myer was killed in action when the gasoline barge on which he was working was struck by Japanese naval gunfire.
"Modern Black Nationalism: From Marcus Garvey to Louis Farrakhan" (New York: New York University Press, 1997).
This list's taxonomic treatment (designation and sequence of orders, families, and species) and nomenclature (common and scientific names) follow the conventions of Clements's 5th edition. The family accounts at the beginning of each heading reflects this taxonomy, as do the species counts found in each family account. Introduced and accidental species are included in the total counts for Tokelau.
Zellerndorf
Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds. Their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.

The following are the minimum qualifications to be considered for a retailer license: 
ACB-1 was originally commissioned in 1943 as the 104th Naval Construction Battalion. In 1950, the unit was re-designated Amphibious Construction Battalion One. Through the years, ACB-1 has participated in all major conflicts. ACB-1 was the first Seabee unit ashore in Vietnam and the first Naval Construction Force unit to deploy during Operation Desert Shield
<doc id="10986073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10986073" title="Röhrenbach">



<doc id="10987434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10987434" title="Joan Salvat-Papasseit">
