The "Armes Prydein" is also significant as one of the earliest mentions of the prophet Myrddin Wyllt, who was the basis for the character Merlin in Arthurian legend.
Thus began the transition of football from a game that required the fan to be present in the stadium to one that now requires only a good color television set, an easy chair and the appropriate refreshments. Not only was history made on that Texas Thanksgiving Day in 1919, but the lifestyle of nation was changed, too.
Career.
"Rivalis Aplexa" has a thin shell levorotatory, featuring a large oval opening with parietal callus lip sharp and wide. The tentacles are filiform and foot is very long in the back. Ovigerous masses are constituted by transparent oval eggs variable number embedded in a gelatinous mass.
"This is the slow one. It's another personal one. Again, not naming names, it's about someone who helped me through a lot and I thought she felt the same way that I did and then she really let me down. At the same time, it was good that she did, because it was that final push to me figuring out myself. The lyrics are pretty self-explanatory."

Canada averaged Mali's 19th-most important import partner during 1983–2004, but fell out of the top 25 during 2005–2007, and has not figured among Mali's top 25 export recipients with the exception of years 1987–1989, when Canada ranked between 7th and 22nd. and grew from four Canadian-owned mining properties in Mali in 1991 to 73 in 2005. From 1996 to 2007, approximately US$267m., or 3% of Mali's total revenue from industrial gold production, went to the Canadian company IAMGOLD Corporation and its investors, including both of Canada's public pension funds. The two mines part-owned by IAMGOLD yielded half of Mali's gold output over this period. According to IAMGOLD's South African co-partner in these mines, AngloGold Ashanti, 40% of earnings went into the Malian economy through various government revenues, workers' salaries, Malian sub-contractors and local community development initiatives. As Mali's gold mines were estimated to contribute 8% of the gross domestic product in 2007, IAMGOLD's mines comprised about 3–4% of Mali's economy. Sixty percent of these mines' revenue went to foreign stakeholders, including IAMGOLD, AngloGold Ashanti and its sub-contractors, the World Bank's International Finance Corporation, and European creditors.
