Jennison and fellow Cooley Cardinal, Joanne Scarborough competed at the 1964 US Olympic Trials.
Celebrated as an era of blossomming literature, Kediri produced significant contributions in the field of Javanese classic literature. Next to the literary works already mentioned, "Lubdhaka" and "Wrtasancaya" by Mpu Tanakung, "Krisnayana" written by Mpu Triguna, and "Sumanasantaka" by Mpu Monaguna are also notable.
Winder married Ellen Walters in London in 1845. A practitioner of plural marriage, Winder married Hannah Thompson in Salt Lake City in 1855, Elizabeth Parker in 1857, and later, Maria Burnham in 1893. Through the first three women he fathered 23 children.
Douglas Adams' passing has sparked a number of commemorative initiatives amongs his online fans. Since 2001 every 25 May numerous fans celebrate Towel Day by carrying a towel, as a reference to the Hitchhiker's guide. The most active relevant site is towelday.org.
The sea and island zone of Quảng Ninh has a unique terrain. There are more than 2,000 islands, making up two thirds of the country's islands. They extend along the coast for more than 250 km and divide into numerous layers. The largest islands are Cái Bầu and Bản Sen, while the smallest are just like rocks in a garden. Vân Đồn and Cô Tô are island districts. There are thousands of islands on Hạ Long Bay and Bái Tử Long Bay, many of which contain caves. Besides areas of alluvial deposits, there are also white sand zones which have built up from tidal action. Some places have formed white sand mines producing materials for the glass industry (Van Hai), or have developed into tourism spots (Trà Cổ, Quan Lạn, Minh Châu, Ngọc Vừng).
Appearance.
Social and political applications.

"Deadpool".
In 2011, thew began to broadcast Formula 1.
The chorus of the song is used to herald the arrival of American troops on the pier which serves as the symbolic setting in the 1969 film "Oh! What a Lovely War", with a line of lyrics changed to "We won't come back, we'll be buried over there". Other films using the tune include Leatherheads (2008), in the background in an early scene of The Cardinal, and briefly sung in 1941 (film).
<doc id="2041791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2041791" title="Whitebait (disambiguation)">
His works.
He was taking some of the summer to see more of Europe, as he did not have to be in Boston until August 1955, when he would also profess his Final Vows as a Jesuit. He was at the Jesuit house in Barcelona when an American friend arrived who surprised Sullivan with the news that Sullivan's assignment had changed: instead of teaching Fundamental Theology in Boston, he was listed as being assigned to Rome, although his friend knew nothing more than that. Sullivan wrote to his Superior, Fr. Fitzgerald and discovered that he had been tapped to teach Ecclesiology back at the Gregorian. Zapelena was approaching the mandatory retirement age of 75 and his health was declining. Afraid of a sudden gap in their faculty, the combination of Sullivan's availability and education was seized upon by the Gregorian University to guarantee that their program could continue uninterrupted. After a visit home, and feeling more than a little exiled, Sullivan returned to Rome to teach Ecclesiology at the Gregorian University, an academic ministry in which he would serve for the next 36 years, until his own mandatory retirement at the age of 70 in 1992.
Regular features.
