Fang/Fred Sykes (his name revealed in "Gargoyles: Bad Guys #2") was a brazen mutate resembling a puma hybrid, the only one of the group that approved of his changed body from the start. He tried to overthrow Talon and rule the Labyrinth. Fang eventually teamed up with Demona and Thailog, only to be apprehended again. He was later visited by Sevarius, who infiltrated the labyrinth to obtain some test subjects. Fang joined in to help turn a portion of Manhattan into mutates, but was thwarted by The Redemption Squad. He was nearly executed by Yama for making a joke at the expense of one of the test subjects, who had chosen to commit suicide. Just as Hunter finished debriefing The Director, she was told that they were to recruit Fang (for unspecified reasons). He was voiced by James Belushi.
<doc id="3229398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3229398" title="Rajaji National Park">

The police helicopter lands, and an injured — but alive — Gus Klein emerges. Jack doesn't correct him when Gus says, in front of a police officer, "C'mon Dan, it's over." The two board the helicopter and fly away, as Judith and her car burn at the bottom of the cliff.
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
Their magical flutes are similar to recorders in that they are played in front, rather than to the side, like a modern flute. The ends are flared, like the ends of trumpets, and there are no stops; everything is done with the fingers.
The head overlooks Gunner Bay and the northern entrance to St. George's Harbour. 
St. David's Island is one of the main islands of Bermuda. It is located in the far north of the territory, one of the two similarly sized islands that makeup the majority of St. George's Parish. 

Religious and government sites are regularly targeted by hackers in order to display political or religious beliefs, whilst defacing the views and beliefs of others. Disturbing images and offensive phrases might be displayed in the process, as well as a signature of sorts, to show who was responsible for the defacement. Websites are not only defaced for political reasons; many defacers do it just for the thrill. For example, there are online contests in which hackers are awarded points for defacing the largest number of web sites in a specified amount of time. Corporations are also targeted more often than other sites on the Internet and they often seek to take measures to protect themselves from defacement or hacking in general. Web sites represent the image of a company or organisation and these are therefore suffer significant losses due to defacement. Visitors may lose faith in sites that cannot promise security and will become wary of performing online transactions. After defacement, sites have to be shut down for repairs, sometimes for an extended period of time, causing expenses and loss of profit and value.
Lowest Scoring Game Since Beginning of Series: 6-0, Oklahoma Sooners

After they lost their original singer (Norbert from Heimat-los) and their second guitarist (Nydeu, ex. Kromozom 4) and got a new drummer (the third one), they took the opportunity to radically change their sound. From then on they created a new repertoire showing obvious influences of Victims Family and NoMeansNo but with a very personal touch. Astrid Orion (female vocalist) joined the band around that time.
Cargo flights flown by Mahal air crews transported weapons and supplies to Palestine from Europe, and thousands of Jewish refugees from Arab countries. During the Egyptian Army siege of the Negev region in 1948, Mahal pilots airlifted thousands of tons of supplies to communities behind enemy lines, usually by night landings of large cargo planes and converted airliners on makeshift, unpaved sand runways, hand lit by oil lamps. The national Israeli airline El Al was partially founded by Mahal veterans.
