The race is name in honour Allan D. Hollindale, a cattle farmer, owner of the company "Gold Coast Milk" and former chairman of the Gold Coast Turf Club. The track also has a stand named after A.D. Hollindale.
Although educated at Prince Alfred College in Adelaide, Bateman played his two first-class matches for Western Australia, debuting against his former state at the Adelaide Oval in March 1893. He dismissed opener Alfred Wilkinson for 12 and bowled future Test player Clem Hill for a duck with the ball and was then his team's second top run scorer in their first innings with 20 before Ernie Jones trapped him leg before wicket. Western Australia followed on and Bateman was dismissed for just one in the second innings. A few days later he appeared again in a match against Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. He struggled to have an impact as he failed to take a wicket and scored a duck in his only innings. Bateman didn't get an opportunity in the second innings as he was absent hurt. 
The Most Reverend William Hardy Holmes, DD, MA was a 20th-century Anglican Bishop. Born on 25 June 1873 and educated at Trinity College, Dublin, he was ordained in 1897, and began his career with a curacy at Christ Church, Derry. He then held incumbencies at Kilbarron and Ballyshannon. In 1916 he became Archdeacon of Raphoe and in 1921 of Derry. Raised to the episcopate in 1932 as Bishop of Tuam he was translated to Meath in 1938. He died on 26 May 1951
For the 12-month period ending August 13, 2008, the airport had 16,350 aircraft operations, an average of 44 per day: 99% general aviation and 1% military. At that time there were 32 aircraft based at this airport: 84% single-engine, 6% multi-engine and 9% ultralight.

In Loving Memory and Lung Sum.
The Feelers discography
Sports for Peace
The local church is dedicated to Saint Ursula and belongs to the Parish of Škofljica. It is a 14th-century Gothic building. Fragments of early 15th- and 16th-century frescos are preserved on its interior walls.
May, 2012 - Third Session of the World Nobel Congress in Economics in Alfred Nobel University


The Visitation of Mary to Elizabeth is shown on the relief over the portal of the church.
Apthorp and Hancock together supplied many of the boats used to ethnically cleanse Nova Scotia of the Acadians in the Great Upheaval. The firm also lent money to finance the operation. The poor quality of the ships led to widespread malnutrition, disease, and death among the deported Acadians.
On January 1, 2013, LA-CO Industries acquired Tempil. Since 1938, Tempil has been a leader in advanced and accurate temperature indication technologies by developing innovative, customer-driven solutions for effective temperature measurement. LA-CO Industries is excited about the growth opportunities within the industrial and welding channels as well as the immediate access to the healthcare sterilization and process integrity industries. Tempil's product line includes temperature indicating sticks, electronic surface thermometers, infrared thermometers, medical sterilization inks, weldable primers, heat-absorbing coatings and compounds, and temperature indicating labels, strips, inks, and liquids.
<doc id="26979843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26979843" title="John Poda">
Veta la Palma is an aquaculture farm located on an island in the Guadalquivir river, 10 miles (16 km) inland from the Atlantic Ocean in Seville province of Spain. It produces 1,200 tons of sea bass, bream, grey mullet and shrimp each year. Given its 32 km2 area this gives a yearly yield of 37 tons per square kilometer. The fisheries have attracted more than 200 species of migratory bird, many of which are endangered.
