
The United Nations Secretary General issued a report recommending the deployment of an observer mission in the DRC on July 15, 1999. The United States State Department announced its support for a peace mission on July 23. The MLC signed the agreement on August 1. Five days later the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 1258 deploying military liaison personnel to the capitals of the signatories of the Ceasefire Agreement and established a Joint Military Commission to oversee its implementation. The Rally for Congolese Democracy (RCD) rebel group signed the agreement on August 31. The Security Council established the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo (MONUC) in Resolution 1273, passed on November 5, to January 15, 2000. Resolution 1279, passed on November 30, extended the mandate to March 1, 2000.
Guan Linzheng (; 1905–1980) was a highly successful Chinese general in the Kuomintang who fought against both the Communists and the Imperial Japanese Army, and was a recipient of Order of Blue Sky and White Sun, the highest honor for a Chinese Nationalist commander.

All NHLs are also included on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), a list of historic properties that the National Park Service deems to be worthy of preservation. The primary difference between a NHL and a NRHP listing is that the NHLs are determined to have national significance, while other NRHP properties are deemed significant at the local or state level. The NHLs in Indiana comprise approximately 2% of the 1,656 properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana as of December 2009. The 37 NHLs are among the most important nationally recognized historic sites in the state; the George Rogers Clark National Historical Park is one other site that has high designation by the Federal government.
Ding Delong
Article 21 of the Ugandan Constitution, "Equality and freedom from discrimination", guarantees protection against discriminatory legislation for all citizens. It may be that because existing criminal law addresses sodomy (oral and anal sex), and applies to all genders, that it may not be in violation of Article 21, unlike the newly proposed specifically anti-gay legislation, which thus far has not been tested in court.
<doc id="12885018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12885018" title="Nokia 8600 Luna">
