Oogamy predominantly occurs in animals, but can also be found in many protists, certain orders of algae (Ochrophytes, Charophyceans), and some plants such as bryophytes, ferns, and some gymnosperms like cycads and ginkgo.

Betting on NFL games was legalized in Delaware and made available at Delaware Park in 2009. Betting is only allowed on Parlay (gambling) Cards featuring multiple teams, rather than individual games. Live table games are now offered after a new law allowing them was passed on January 28, 2010.
Summer Series 2007.
The conclusion which group stabilizes carbocation more effectively is migrated
Clive Lloyd (captain), Winston Davis, Jeff Dujon, Joel Garner, Larry Gomes, Roger Harper, Desmond Haynes, Michael Holding, Gus Logie, Malcolm Marshall, Thelston Payne, Viv Richards, Richie Richardson.
<doc id="3937703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3937703" title="Picrodendraceae">
Included in this history was the storage of 2,328, 55-gallon drums of hazardous waste in 1993. This was part of a RCRA permit issued by the Utah Solid and Hazardous Waste Control Board. These drums were stored in a facility called the Conforming Storage Building. Storage of these materials ended in 1997, and the building was closed.
Towards the end of the 2008 season Sutcliffe announced his retirement from first class cricket. He said "I've been presented with some opportunities away from cricket and I'm at a stage where I need to explore these at the earliest opportunity".
Up until the mid-1990s, both codes were officially amateur. However the professionalisation of rugby union has provided a financial lure.

The Tennessee Titans selected Troupe in the second round (fortieth choice overall) of the 2004 NFL Draft. He played tight end for the Titans from to , and was nicknamed "Troupe Scadoop" by his Titans teammates. During his four seasons with the Titans, he made 106 receptions for 1,056 yards and seven touchdowns.
<doc id="3938972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3938972" title="Calumet Park">
A/S Framnæs mek Værksteds's landed property is mainly separated from a farm by the name of "Vestre Rød". The eldest known name on the farm is "Rud in Valley", and the first known owner was Svale Jonsson Smør. From 1620-30 the "Vestre Rod" belonged to the feudal overlord, Admiral Ove Gjedde, and was later included as a speck in his son-in-law, Niels Langes's big estate. When Niels Langes's bankruptcy was settled, "Vestre Rod", in 1667, was first transferred to Mayor Marcus Barenholt’s property and then to Vilhelm Mechelsberg.
In 1934, he was awarded the title of Mahamahopadhyaya in recognition of his service Sanskrit scholarship.
Atanas Hristov Dalchev (also written "Dalčev" or "Dalçev", ) (June 12, 1904 - January 17, 1978) was a Bulgarian poet, critic and translator. He is an author of poetry that brightly touches some philosophical problems. He translated poetry and fiction from French, Spanish, English, German and Russian authors. Recipient of the Herder Prize in 1972 (for his "...all over literary work...") and order "Znak Pocheta" (or Order of the Badge of Honor) in 1967 (for popularisation of Russian culture in Bulgaria).

The iliohypogastric nerve runs anterior to the psoas major on its proximal lateral border to run laterally and obliquely on the anterior side of quadratus lumborum. Lateral to this muscle, it pierces the transversus abdominis to run above the iliac crest between that muscle and abdominal internal oblique. It gives off several motor branches to these muscles and a sensory branch to the skin of the lateral hip. Its terminal branch then runs parallel to the inguinal ligament to exit the aponeurosis of the abdominal external oblique above the external inguinal ring where it supplies the skin above the inguinal ligament (i.e. the hypogastric region) with the anterior cutaneous branch.
He moved to London for fifteen years and in 1968 landed the starring role of the master of ceremonies in the London version of "Cabaret". In 1970, he played Pontius Pilate on the album of "Jesus Christ Superstar", and he played the same role in the Broadway production (1971). In the same year, he played Mendel in Norman Jewison's film of "Fiddler on the Roof". According to Dennen's website, he suggested to Jewison that he direct a film version of "Superstar". Jewison did so, and Dennen played Pilate again (1973).
<doc id="3940977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3940977" title="Battle of Palestro">

In cooperation with Kaiji Kawaguchi:


