See Also.
Edusave scholarships and awards.
Instead of replacing numbers that have 3 or 5 as a factor, the game can be played by replacing numbers containing the digit 3 or 5 with "fizz" or "buzz".
Wallace and Mary had their first child, William Wallace Sheldon, on June 20, 1857 in New York. They would have an additional five children while living in Brooklyn. They were Euphemia, born January 1860; Sarah A., born 1862; George Lincoln, born 1864; Frank Gideon, born September 1865 and John A., born 1869. The couple had two more children born in Nevada - Mary Elvira born 1872 and Grace born in 1873. Their last child, Josephine, was born in San Francisco, California in 1875.

On December 20, 2002: 
Honda Atlas Cars (Pakistan) Limited is a joint venture between Honda Motor Company Limited, Japan and the Atlas Group, Pakistan. The company was incorporated on November 4, 1992 and a joint venture agreement was signed on August 5, 1993. The company is listed on Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad Stock Exchanges. On July 14, 1994, booking of Honda cars started at six dealerships in Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad. Since then, the company has developed twenty one 3S dealers (Sales, Service and Spare Parts) twenty 2S dealers (Service and Spare Parts) and six 1S dealers (Spare Parts) network in all major cities of Pakistan. 
In February 2009, Panganiban appeared in an episode of "Your Song" with Derek Ramsay, and in mid-2009 she filmed her television series, "Rubi" which was based on the 2004 Mexican telenovela Rubí and the pilot episode aired in February 2010. She was joined by Diether Ocampo, Shaina Magdayao, and Jake Cuenca. Panganiban received Best Actress in a Daily Soap Opera award in the 7th USTv Students' Choice Awards through that series. Later that year, she also starred in the drama/romance movie, "I Love You, Goodbye" with her then boyfriend Derek Ramsay. This was rated the Second Best Picture in the 2009 Metro Manila Film Festival and made her a box-office favorite after it won awards for Best Picture, Best Screenplay, Best Story and Best Director. Panganiban was nominated for Best Festival Actress. In the same year, she also received Best Comedy Actress nomination in the PMPC Star Awards for Television through "Banana Split".
The kiyi ("Coregonus kiyi") is a species of freshwater whitefish, a deepwater cisco, endemic to the Great Lakes of North America. It previously inhabited Lake Superior, Lake Michigan, Lake Huron and Lake Ontario, but is now believed to persist only in Lake Superior where it is common. The various deepwater ciscos are also called chubs (not to be confused with the various species of Cyprinidae also called chubs). The kiyi is part of the large group of related northern ciscos known as the "Coregonus artedi" complex.
<doc id="7589780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7589780" title="George Ege">
Dawn Taylor, in a review for "The DVD Journal", said: "it has some very funny moments, and falls completely flat in others."
Both WNCC and WRDD were joined four years later by a co-owned FM sister station. Vernal Enterprises was able to secure another construction permit after the window to put WRHB-FM had already come and long gone. Taking call letters from a former oldies station licensed to suburban Altoona, the station signed on as WHPA-FM, billing themselves as broadcasting from the "Heart of PennsylvaniA". WHPA did not simulcast its two AM stations, but rather focused on a music-intensive Classic Hits blend of both oldies and classic rock.

College Ambassador Meetings<br>
History.
A typical performance lasts approximately 20 minutes.
Master suppression techniques are sometimes called domination techniques.

QPR continued to be outplayed for the most part by their First Division opponents. In the twenty fifth minute, Clark once again ran with the ball down the left hand side of the pitch, outrunning QPR's Ron Hunt, before crossing it into the path of Jeff Astle. His subsequent shot was saved by QPR goalkeeper Peter Springett, who managed to push the ball around the post. QPR briefly had a chance for a counterattack as Mark Lazarus found himself on the halfway line with the ball, before taking it around Ian Collard and found the Albion defence out of position, leaving him with a clear path to goal. But the opposition players were gaining on him as he approached the penalty area, with the attack falling apart shortly afterwards. Nine minutes before half time, QPR found themselves under attack by Albion again with some cross pitch passing resulting in Clark's second goal of the game. QPR had a corner just before half time which fell to the feet of club captain Mike Keen, but his shot went of the post. The game went into half time at 2–0 to Albion.
After finishing his studies in Macau, Dr. Ts'o went to Shanghai where he received higher Chinese education. He went to England in 1886 and entered Cheltenham College. In due time he passed his law examinations and was connected with well-known law firms and was enrolled as a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Judicature of England before returning to Hong Kong in 1897 where he set up his own law practice. He was joined by Mr. P.M. Hodgson in 1927 under the firm name of Messrs. Ts'o and Hodgson. Through his association with two leading members of the Chinese community, Sirs Ho Kai and Wei Yuk, he soon became a leader in the public affairs of the Colony of Hong Kong. His chief interest was in educational and medical work among the Chinese. His services had been many and varied:
Richardson had a modest first-class career, despite taking an impressive two wickets on his debut against Glamorgan in the final match of the 1992 season, including that of Matthew Maynard. He played only once more for the 1st Xl, against Somerset the following summer. He played for the second team until 1995, after which he left the county.
Santos represented Portugal at Euro 1996.
In Thus Spoke Zarathustra by Friedrich Nietzsche, the lion is used as a metaphor to describe a human who rebels against old knowledge, to make a new morality possible. The morality of the overman.
