Tuition Students who live in the District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to Mohawk Area School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each public school district. It is the amount that the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the Mohawk Area School District's schools. The 2012 tuition rates are Mohawk Elementary School - $8,246.99, Mohawl Junior Senior High School - $8,886.63.

The Home Improvement Programme (HIP), a new programme announced by HDB, during the National Day Rally in August 2007, is set to replace the Main Upgrading Programme (MUP). The HIP offers lessees a choice on the works they want to be included in the upgrading of their flats. It also helps lessees deal with common maintenance problems in ageing flats, such as spalling concrete and ceiling leaks, in a systematic and comprehensive manner. Flats built up to 1994 which have not undergone the Main Upgrading Programme are eligible for HIP.

Following his study in Puerto Rico, in 1933 Rhoads was chosen to lead a special service at the Rockefeller Institute in clinical hematology, to study diseases of the blood-forming organs. He built on his work on anemia and tropical sprue. In 1934 Rhoads and another researcher published results of the success in using liver extract therapy to treat tropical sprue (and relieve anemia). Their work was recognized as contributing benefit in treatment of the disease by others in the field.
The 2006 TVB television series "A Beautiful New World" (美麗新天地), starring Kristy Yang and Fan Bingbing, is among the better-known portrayals in popular culture.
!colspan="5"|Uruguay Preliminary
Billy Bragg borrows part of this poem in his song "Island Of No Return": ""Me and the corporal out on the spree, Damned from here to Eternity " ".
Morelli, Sarah. 2007. "'From Calcutta to California': Negotiations of Movement and Meaning in Kathak Dance." PhD dissertation, Cambridge, MA: Harvard University.
Spanish La Liga under the leadership of Rafael Benitez.
