
During the period 1985 to 1999, the Congo became structurally indebted as it struggled with political and economic difficulty despite the significant inflow of oil revenue. International investment slowed and the mining industry virtually ceased. By 2000, gold and lime remained the only minerals extracted.
Programs:
Merriwa Shire was based on the town of Merriwa, New South Wales, and covered an area of the upper Hunter Valley region, bounded by the Liverpool Range to the north, drained by several rivers and creeks flowing southwards to the Goulburn River. Merriwa was the only significant town in the shire.

Similarly, "would" is not generally used in the condition clauses of the counterfactual patterns (second and third conditional) in standard English:
Relationship with the Master of Fogdö.
Beckerling argued that Van der Westhuizen, thinking that the respondent had attempted to commit the crime of housebreaking, was dutybound to arrest him. Even, however, if it were held that Van der Westhuizen, perceiving the situation as he did, was under no duty to arrest the respondent, he nevertheless exercised his discretion in deciding to arrest the respondent. All the members of the South African Police Force, Beckerling continued, are "prima facie" servants of the State; consequently, when a wrongful act is committed by a member of the Force in the course or scope of his employment, the State is "prima facie" liable. It is then for the State to show that, in committing the wrongful act, the policeman was engaged upon a duty or function of such a nature as to take him out of the category of servant "pro hac vice".
The former municipalities that make up Lüsslingen-Nennigkofen had an area of .
Luton at Large, a 'what's on' guide for the town, is published by JNB Publishing on Reginald Street.
Some notable people with this surname include:
This church, now demolished, soon became too small and was replaced by St Wilfrid's which was begun in April 1792 and finished 14 months later and cost £4000.
Siah Soltan (, also Romanized as Sīāh Solţān and Seyāh Solţān; also known as Mīā Solţān, Mia Sultān, and Sīā Solţān) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 19 families. 
Location.
Geography.
<doc id="38189933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38189933" title="Tbilisskaya">
1st quarter scoring: UCLA – Jordon James 1-yard run (Ka'imi Fairbairn kick); Utah – Dres Anderson 54-yard pass from Travis Wilson (Andy Phillips kick); Utah – Sean Fitzgerald 6-yard pass from Wilson (Phillips kick)

The data from the family aggregation studies have been extensively studied to determine the mode of inheritance of schizophrenia. Studies to date have shown that when numerous families are studied, simple modes of inheritance are not statistically supported. The majority of studies analyzing for the mode of inheritance have concluded that a multifactorial threshold mode is most likely.

Azodiyeh (, also Romanized as Azodīyeh, Āzādiyeh, and ‘Aẕodīyeh; also known as Qal‘eh Sheykh and Qal‘eh-ye ‘Azodīyeh) is a village in Astaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 400, in 128 families. 
Because of his work as a mammalogist, Lyon is considered the taxonomic authority for the family Ptilocercidae (pen-tailed treeshrews), as well as the genus "Anathana" (the Madras treeshrew) and two genera of leporids (rabbits and hares), "Pentalagus" (the Amami rabbit) and "Pronolagus" (red rock hares). Lyon was the first to describe the Bornean white-bearded gibbon ("Hylobates albibarbis"), the Gansu pika ("Ochotona cansus"), the Sumatran porcupine ("Hystrix sumatrae"), the shadowy broad-nosed bat ("Platyrrhinus umbratus"), and two species of slow loris from Borneo, "Nycticebus bancanus" and "Nycticebus borneanus".

The "Princess Marguerite" vessels had almost no direct competition on any leg of the Triangle route for much of their service lives. The ferry services run by the Black Ball Line (between Victoria's Inner Harbour and Port Angeles, Washington), BC Ferries (between Swartz Bay and Tsawwassen), or the Washington State Ferries (between Sidney, British Columbia and Anacortes, Washington) do not serve Seattle or come near the downtown harbours of either Victoria or Vancouver. In the summer of 1985 a private Canadian company operated the "Island Jetfoil", leased from Boeing, which offered service from Vancouver to Victoria and on to Seattle. The service operated for only six months before it was deemed too expensive to operate. Since 1986 Clipper Navigation of Seattle has operated the "Victoria Clipper" series of high speed passenger-only catamarans between Victoria and Seattle.
Longview Community Church is a historic church at 2323 Washington Way in Longview, Washington.
