Red Hot Chili Peppers — "Under the Bridge"
Northern New Mexico College was founded in El Rito, New Mexico in 1909 as the Spanish American Normal School with the original mission of providing teacher training for the area's Spanish speakers. In 1977 the college became Northern New Mexico Community College, the state's first designated community college, and in 2005, it became Northern New Mexico College with the power to grant bachelor's degrees. The main campus is now in Española; the El Rito campus still operates.

Related legislation.
Altens
Led by the duo Jerome Fontamillas and Jyro Xhan, Mortal was one of the first Christian bands to play industrial metal. While not actually the first to do so, Mortal enjoyed significant success, and, along with other early contemporaries such as Circle of Dust and Argyle Park, played a notable role in paving the way for future Christian industrial and industrial metal bands.
In 2004 the sports talk show "The Upper Deck" was created by Tony Bolton and Mike Morland. In the fall of 2005, Kevin Liddy replaced co-host Tony Bolton (who left for WCBN in Ann Arbor). Over four and a half years, "The Upper Deck" became the longest running show in station history (2004–2008) and the highest rated show in 2007 and 2008. During that time, the show was unofficially covered by the website letsgowings.com due to its in-depth hockey coverage. Notable interviews included Matt Schwartz of Letsgowings.com and Helene St.James of the "Detroit Free Press". 
Waters are used for the irrigation.

1840—"Niantic", Captain Doty in command (Captain Robert Bennett Forbes acting), sailed with tea and silk from Port of Canton to an unstated destination (perhaps New York) via Anjer (Anyer), Indonesia, just missing a blockade by the British in Canton as part of the First Opium War. "Probably this was the last and most profitable voyage of "Niantic" as a merchant ship."
Arniston, Midlothian
"The Decision"/"The Measures Taken" influenced South African playwright, Maishe Maponya, when writing his play, "The Hungry Earth", about labor and apartheid in 1978.
Notwithstanding his non-involvement in the facts, Antonio Pelle was indirectly involved through his son-in-law, Francesco Vottari, one the protagonists among disputing clans, who is married to his daughter Maria Pelle. In order to underline his non-involvement in the feud, he asked family members to send a letter to the Gazzetta del Sud newspaper. The message was clear: the feud was a clash between minor elements of the clan and Gambazza was trying to reach a peace without victors, as he had done in the past, in 1991, when the conflict started.
The Life of Edward II of England (German: ), also known as "Edward II", is an adaptation by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht of the 16th-century historical tragedy by Marlowe, "The Troublesome Reign and Lamentable Death of Edward the Second, King of England, with the Tragical Fall of Proud Mortimer" (c.1592). The play is set in England between 1307 and 1326. A prefatory note to the play reads:
says 'Allahu Akbar'.]]

