History.
Post-retirement.
The 26th Maneuver Enhancement Brigade ("Yankee") is a combat support brigade of the United States Army. Its headquarters is maintained by the Massachusetts Army National Guard. It draws its lineage from the Headquarters Company 26th Infantry Division.
Interwar period.
Liberal thinkers.

Jun played badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics for Korea, defeating Charmaine Reid of Canada in the first round but losing to Cheng Shao-chieh of Chinese Taipei in the round of 16.
Kweller married his girlfriend, Liz Smith (the subject of the song "Lizzy") and they have two sons, named Dorian Zev Kweller, born in May 2006, and Judah Evan Kweller, born April 3, 2010. At the time of Dorian's birth they lived in New York City, but they later moved back to Kweller's home state of Texas and currently reside in Austin. Ben's middle name, Lev, means "Heart" in Hebrew and his son's middle name, Zev, means "Wolf". Ben has said in interviews, "Together we're Heart of the Wolf..."
Harmony of white wine and food.
Columbus East High School
2005–07.
The F430 Spider is the convertible version based on the coupé. The F430 Spider is Ferrari's 21st road going convertible.
Saint-Gilles is more recently the birthplace of the author Georges-Jean Arnaud (born 1928).
Churches.

In modern times, few navies worldwide still possess minelaying vessels. The United States Navy, for example, uses aircraft to lay sea mines instead. Mines themselves have evolved from purely passive to active; for example the US CAPTOR (enCAPsulated TORpedo) that sits as a mine until detecting a target upon which a torpedo is launched.
When Gardner was in elementary school, he was injured during a class show-and-tell, when he was punctured in his abdomen with an arrow.
Rick Danko later performed at various LA venues along with Blue and it was at his invitation they recorded their 'LA Sessions' album at Shangri-La Studios.

Walsh currently endorses the therapeutic athletic tape KT Tape (Kinesiology Therapeutic Tape). 
History and Epidemiology.

Samuel Rolles Driver was born at Southampton. He was educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford, where he had a distinguished career, taking a first class in Literae Humaniores in 1869. He was awarded the Pusey and Ellerton scholarship in 1866, the Kennicott scholarship in 1870 (both Hebrew), and the Houghton Syriac prize in 1872. From 1870 he was a fellow, and from 1875 also a tutor, of New College, and in 1883 succeeded Pusey as Regius Professor of Hebrew and canon of Christ Church.
