Akoma Ntoso (Architecture for Knowledge-Oriented Management of African Normative Texts using Open Standards and Ontologies) proposes an XML document schema providing sophisticated description possibilities for several Parliamentary document types (including bills, acts and parliamentary records, etc.). It aims to standardize simple, technology-neutral representations of Parliamentary Documents in order to improve inter-Parliamentary cooperation and reduce the costs of Parliamentary IT support systems. Akoma Ntoso defines a set of recommendations and guidelines for e-Parliament services in a Pan-African context and provides an enabling framework for the effective exchange of machine readable Parliamentary Documents such as legislation, debate record, minutes, etc. The work will provide the basis for the OASIS Legal XML LegalDocumentML project.
<doc id="3687898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3687898" title="Think (book)">
<doc id="3688124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3688124" title="Butrint National Park">
Wortham Giant Screen Theatre, a 394-seat theater presenting various educational films in 4K digital with advanced 3D technology on its 60x80 foot screen.
History.
The peal of bells originally hung in the south of the two towers in the "Glockenstube" (bell room) 60 meters high. In World War II, the Palm Sunday air raid created a firestorm with winds strong enough to ring the bells before they fell down. Two bells, the oldest one of 1508 and the "Pulsglocke" of 1668, donated by Christian von der Linde (weighing 7134 kg), have been left in pieces as a stark memorial.
When Rogers returns from suspended animation, Tony Stark "improves" the shield by incorporating electronic and magnetic components in it so that Rogers can even control it in flight. Rogers soon discards the additional components because he finds that it upsets the balance of the shield when thrown.
The then Romanesque cathedral was completed around 1230, but between 1266 and 1335 it was converted into a Gothic-style building with side-aisles raised to the same height as the main aisle (around 20m).
Even though this was the first line of DC Comics character figures released by Kenner since the Super Powers line folded 10 years earlier, some fans were disappointed. Despite remarkably detailed sculpts, the figures' static poses and "Fractal Armor" accessories caused unhappiness. Wanting more articulation and less gimmick, some abandoned the Total Justice line, and Kenner stopped production after the release of 14 figures.

In 2004, Nicholls presented another series, broadcast on Tyne Tees; "The Unprofessionals" where, along with a co-presenter, she was given different tasks to perform including pole dancing, a children's party entertainer, a drain unblocker and a taxidermist.
Restoration Efforts.
War (Apocalypse vs. Dracula).
