From the United States:
In 1952, Violet was elected to the Rajya Sabha, the Upper House of the Indian Parliament. After the second Indian General Election in 1957, she became Deputy Minister of State for Home Affairs.
Torkom Koushagian of Jerusalem


Senior member of Al-Islah Tawakel Karman received the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize, Ali Mohammed Hassen Ali Jaro'a leader for life makers team on Yemen
Denisa Legac
Adanaspor Basketbol
The Conservative election success was put down to a combination of a rejection of the pact between the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties, anger at plans to charge people for parking outside their homes and the national issue of the abolition of the 10p rate of income tax. The results were also seen as indications for the next general election, with projections that the Conservatives could gain Southampton Test and Southampton Itchen constituencies from Labour on swings of 15.9% and 18.9% respectively, based on the local election results.

He died on 17 February 1902 in Westminster.
Warner Bros., which had vaulted from a minor exhibitor to a major studio by its introduction of the talkies, incorporated Technicolor's printing to enhance their films. Other producers followed Warner Bros.' example by making features in color, with either Technicolor or one of its competitors, such as Brewster Color and Multicolor (later Cinecolor).
Visualism.
Johanna Bordewijk-Roepman (4 August 1892 – 8 October 1971) was a Dutch composer. She was born in Rotterdam, and began composing in 1917 without instruction. In 1937 she studied orchestration with Eduard Flipse and became successful as a composer in the 1940s and 1950s.
<doc id="30692320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30692320" title="Evagrius of Antioch">
William Russell was the 3rd son and eventual heir of Sir Ralph Russell (b.1204), son of John Russell (d.c.1224) of Kingston Russell, Dorset, steward of Kings John(1199-1216) and his young son Henry III (1216-1272). Shortly before his death King John had granted Russell the manor of Kingston by grand serjeanty, which grant was confirmed by Henry. 
The airport.
On August 22, 2014, it was announced that Kyungri, 's Kevin and Star Empire trainee Sojin have teamed up to form a project unit name's "NASTY NASTY" and their song will be released on September 3 produced by composer Rado.
The BitTorrent protocol has also been extended to exchange node UDP port numbers between peers that are introduced by a tracker. In this way, clients can get their routing tables seeded automatically through the download of regular torrents. Newly installed clients who attempt to download a trackerless torrent on the first try will not have any nodes in their routing table and will need the contacts included in the torrent file.

Simian (software)
The mosaic was discovered in October 1913, in the ruins of a seaside Roman villa later called Villa Dar Buk Ammera after the area where it was found. When it was first fully unearthed and visible after the excavations conducted by Salvatore Aurigemma, from 22 June to 18 August 1914, it was immediately seen as a masterpiece of mosaic art, but one that was in an emergent need for preservation and restoration. In the 1920s, the mosaic was restored and placed on display at The Archaeological Museum of Tripoli. It moved with the museum to its new location in 1952 and is displayed prominently near the entrance hall.
<doc id="30696233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30696233" title="2011 McDonald's Burnie International – Women's Doubles">
Petko Petkov (volleyball)
The House of Wisdom library (at Baghdad).
<doc id="30697272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30697272" title="Holmen Church (Buskerud)">
Books that reference some of "Jesse" Ramey's work and may contain minor details about his life:
Liu aspired to become a filmmaker as early as high school. As her graduation project at the Beijing Film Academy (BFA), she completed "Oxhide", her full-length feature debut. Liu used digital video and a series of long takes to stage scenes from the life of her family in their cramped Beijing apartment. Her mother and her father—a struggling skilled leather craftsman whose work material gives the film its title—perform their own parts, alongside the 23-year-old director as herself. "Oxhide" was screened in 2005 at the Berlin International Film Festival, where it took two prizes, including the FIPRESCI Award in the Forum of New Cinema. It also screened at the Hong Kong International Film Festival, where Liu received the Golden DV Award for best digital work, and at the Vancouver International Film Festival, where she received the top Dragons and Tigers Award for East Asian cinema.
The ECU sends out a regulated reference voltage (typically 9 volts) to the coolant temperature sensor. The voltage drop across the sensor will change according to the temperature because its resistance changes. The ECU is then able to calculate the temperature of the engine, and then (with inputs from other engine sensors) uses lookup tables to carry out adjustments to the engine actuators, i.e. change the fuel injection or ignition timing.
In 1996, Alfred Gurrey’s daughter Florence and her husband Carl Bayer donated 30 of Alfred R. Gurrey Sr.’s paintings to the Kauai Museum in Lihue, Hawaii.
Husband - Rohit Datta,

1 The system of using goal average to separate two teams tied on points was used up until the 1976–77 season.
