Indian Premier League.
Harbance Singh (Herb) Dhaliwal, PC (born December 12, 1952) is a Canadian businessman and politician. 
Interwar period.
Five-wicket hauls.
Appearances on urban coats of arms.
In topology, a compactly generated space (or "k"-space) is a topological space whose topology is coherent with the family of all compact subspaces. Specifically, a topological space "X" is compactly generated if it satisfies the following condition:
<doc id="899460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=899460" title="Ted Kooser">

accepting only coins (no bills) and prepaid magnetic TransitChek-like cards – not credit cards.
In 1981, when Ronald Reagan made his first state visit to Canada, he praised Sinclair as a figure who had given the United States a wonderful and inspiring tribute in one of its darkest hours.
They appear to have come together as a result of treaties struck between the Roman Empire and the various frontier tribes in the 180s AD under the governorship of Ulpius Marcellus.
<doc id="899882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=899882" title="Afridi">
In 1831, Martell created his first "VSOP" (Very Special Old Pale) cognac and continued its international expansion. Its fame spread throughout the world, with the first exports to Japan and other Asian markets, such as Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia and Korea.

In a now almost-vanished Southern style, he often referred to himself in the third person, as in, "The Speaker likes being Speaker." 

On Isla Cruces, Jack, Elizabeth, and Norrington find the Dead Man's Chest. When Will arrives with Davy Jones' stolen key, Elizabeth learns that Sparrow tricked Will onto the "Dutchman". A conflict erupts: Will wants to kill Jones by stabbing the heart, freeing his father from Jones' servitude; Sparrow fears the Kraken will continue hunting him if Jones is dead; Norrington plots to barter back his naval career with the heart. As a three-way duel erupts, Jones' crew arrive. Sparrow obtains the key and opens the chest, but it is Norrington who ultimately escapes with the heart and the Letters of Marque.

Negotiations.
His chief works are:
One of the prime functions of Democrats Abroad is to assist U.S. citizens abroad in voter registration. To this end, it has created a Website VoteFromAbroad.org which overseas Americans (Democrats and non-members alike) can use to register to vote. Since Presidents and members of Congress are elected by state, Americans abroad vote in the state in which they have most recently lived, each of which has its own registration and voting procedures. This Website also has a Spanish-language version to reach out to Spanish-speaking voters.
<doc id="900698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=900698" title="Geyserite">
