In 1925 it was founded as Rob Roy by real estate developer David Batchelor. The now-defunct (since 2000) Rob Roy Video Store was the only business in the area to make note of this heritage. In 1935 the name was changed to La Selva Beach by the new developer, Edward Burghard. Most of the existing houses were built in the early 1960s. In the 1970s the residents convinced state government to remove "Beach" from the direction signs. Officially the name is still La Selva Beach.
While any conjunctive query can be written as a datalog rule, not every datalog program can be written as a conjunctive query. In fact, only single rules over extensional predicate symbols can be easily rewritten as an equivalent conjunctive query. The problem of deciding whether for a given datalog program there is an equivalent nonrecursive program (corresponding to a positive relational algebra query, or, equivalently, a formula of positive existential first-order logic, or, as a special case, a conjunctive query) is known as the datalog boundedness problem and is undecidable.
The station previously had the call sign of WVXW and was owned by Cincinnati Classical Public Radio. Three repeater stations (including WVXW) were sold to Christian Voice of Central Ohio in 2007 because of the small population and lack of a revenue stream from the outlying communities and to pay off the debt [http://www.wvxu.org/faq/index.asp#Q54] 
In his 1987 article "Mongol raids into Palestine", Reuven Amitai stated, "It seems most likely then that the Mongols raided Palestine by themselves in 1299–1300. The Mongol forces rode as far as Gaza, looting and killing as they went, and they entered several towns, including Jerusalem. In the end, all the raiders returned to the Damascus area . . . by the middle of March 1300."
Brewster Place is a short lived American drama series which aired on ABC in May 1990. The series was a spinoff of the 1989 miniseries "The Women of Brewster Place", which was based upon Gloria Naylor's novel of the same name. The series starred talk show host Oprah Winfrey, who also served as co-executive producer.
<doc id="13478960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13478960" title="Bark, Germany">
