The passageways through each of the gates are long, and have vaulted ceilings with hidden machicolation openings in their ceilings. 

Jacob Schmidt died in 1910 and left the brewery to his partners, Otto and Adolf Bremer. The Bremer brothers led the brewery to be one of the leading regional beer producers in the country.
"Sailor" (1995) is a bust of a WWII Canadian Sailor Reservist
The voter turnout of 79.68% was less than one percentage point lower than in the October election.
Murdan, Anbarabad
WBPD

"Rosewater" was filmed in Jordan between June and mid-August 2013. It cost around $10 million. J.J. Abrams provided some scripting assistance for Stewart. 
The (also called the or the ) is a Japanese legend that takes place in the Awa Province (now Tokushima Prefecture). The legend is about a great war between two "tanuki "powers.


The magazine is considered as one of the pioneering children’s magazines in Malayalam.
Carlton + Godard = Cinema is a 2003 Australian documentary about the Carlton film scene of the 1960s, including the work of such directors as Giorgio Mangiamele, Brian Davies, . It includes excerpts from films such as:

At the 35th National Film Awards, it won the award for Best Feature Film in Hindi.
Samson was a member of the under 13 cricket team of Kerala. He captained the side and scored a century in his debut match and went on to score 4 centuries in 5 matches in the South Zone Under-13 tournament. He was also the captain of Under 16 and Under 19 Kerala State Cricket Teams. As a member of the Kerala Under 16 Team he scored a 200 not out off just 138 balls in a Vijay Merchant Trophy South Zone match against Goa. He was the All-India leading run scorer in the season and was selected to play in the Ranji Trophy for Kerala when he was 15 years of age.
Match-up results
Take Back Parliament - Lebanon (), (TBP - Lebanon) is a political movement launched by several Lebanese activists who met through various social organizations and civil initiatives. Social media has played a significant role in helping to expand the group. The grassroots campaign was created as an alternative to the gridlock between the two existing political alliances in Lebanon, the March 8 Alliance and March 14 Alliance. The group members crowd-sourced to build an electoral platform which is the ideal political agenda they would like to see candidates represent. The political agenda calls for a democratic secular nonsectarian government, bringing social justice awareness, and an eventual end to corruption.
<doc id="38733524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38733524" title="Barmeshk">
Most of Flakey's routines were written in Lisp, with some lower-level code written in C. The code maintains a "Local Perceptual Space" that is updated by the sensors and acted on by planning algorithms.
Chorão was found dead by his driver on the morning of March 6, 2013, at his apartment in São Paulo. According to the police, who initially dismissed the possibility of homicide, the apartment was in great disarray, with empty bottles of liquor, drug packaging and bloodstains.

George Austin McHenry was born April 30, 1858, in Seneca County, Ohio to Cornelius and Rebecca McHenry. He received his early education in Ohio and Indiana, and studied at the University of Michigan.
Poshteh Shahan (, also Romanized as Poshteh Shāhān; also known as Poshteh Shāhī) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 10 families. 
William Monteith
