Primary-backup and multi-primary replication.
<doc id="2722985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2722985" title="J. J. Moses">
On February 12, 2014 Eisbrecher announced on their official Website page that they have entered the studio to begin work on their next album. They have mentioned that due to the recording of the new album this year for an early 2015 release, that they have had to limit the amount of shows to play in 2014.
Education.
ground determine the elevation angle and consequently the distance to the service area.
A large old house, Broom Hall, still stands just off the High Street, this has been converted into flats and apartments. However, the original building whch stood in what was known as Broom Park is still standing. Broom Park was described as a Gentleman's Country Estate when it was put up for auction shortly after the Second World War.
In the buildup to the 1989 Triple Crown, a rivalry developed between the West Coast-based Sunday Silence and the East Coast-based Easy Goer, winner of the 1988 Eclipse Award for best Two-Year-Old Colt. In the 1 1/4 mile Kentucky Derby, the first leg of the Triple Crown, Sunday Silence and jockey Pat Valenzuela defeated Easy Goer by 2½ lengths over a muddy track in the slowest time(2:05) for a Kentucky Derby since 1958. Easy Goer had a history of having difficulty handling a muddy track at Churchill Downs. Easy Goer's jockey, Pat Day, and his trainer, Shug McGaughey, expressed their thoughts and explanations on the race. Daily Racing Form writer Dan Illman stated after Sunday Silence's victory that "the best horse won that afternoon." Daily Racing Form chairman Steve Crist stated his opinion that "Easy Goer had a legitimate explanation for his defeat, as he didn't handle the muddy Churchill track."
Besides several smaller shops, there is a REWE and an EDEKA supermarket, two car dealerships (Porsche and Mercedes-Benz), a driving school (City Fahrschule II), a pharmacy, and two filling stations.
Lieutenant-General Francis Grose (c. 1758 – 8 May 1814) was a soldier and Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales.

Gapon and Rutenberg fled abroad, being welcomed in Europe both by prominent Russian emigrants Georgy Plekhanov, Vladimir Lenin, and French socialist leaders Jean Jaurès and Georges Clemenceau. Before the end of 1905, Rutenberg returned to Russia, and Gapon followed him.
Three sets of English lyrics have been written to this song:
The movie's main protagonist is Milan (Dragan Bjelogrlić), a Bosnian Serb. At the beginning of the war in Bosnia, his life in his little village with his best friend Halil (Nikola Pejaković), a Bosniak, is generally quiet and reminiscent of that of a normal lifestyle in the countryside. He gradually notices that Bosniaks whom he knew in his village are slowly but surely moving out.
About half of the known "Mastophora" species occur in South America. The genus is distributed from southern Chile to the extreme northern US (to 45° north latitude in Minnesota). "M. archeri", "M. bisaccata", "M. hutchinsoni" and "M. phrynosoma" occur widely in the US east of the Great Plains. "M. cornigera" occurs from Alabama to California, as well as in northern Mexico.
Pardes (film)
The Girls field hockey team has won numerous PIAA District 2 championships and 2 PIAA State Championships.

Revolutionary Communist Workers Movement of Turkey

Accolades.

The brigade fought as infantry in the Pacific Theater of World War II, as did the entire 1st Cavalry Division. It fought on New Guinea, the Bismarck Archipelago, and the Philippines, earning both the United States and the Philippines Presidential Unit Citation. The brigade deactivated 2 March 1949 in Japan and was relieved from assignment from the 1st Cavalry Division.
<doc id="2726497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2726497" title="Dysphonia">
