One of the known paradoxes of K&R policies is that those who have them are often not aware, as it can be provided by an employer hoping to protect the company's assets. It is believed that an employee with knowledge of his K&R policy might begin to act differently, or even collude in his own kidnap for fraudulent purposes.
Since 2002, he has been working with documentary filmmaker, Mya Shone, providing commentary for radio stations in many parts of the United States and Canada, and producing the "Taking Aim" radio show, billed as "Uncompromising, fact intensive exposés of the hidden workings of a capitalist system addicted to permanent war". In about 2009 they moved from broadcasting over WBAI to an Internet webcast.
Hyperion Records label received the 2003 International Handel Recording Prize for their recording of "The Choice of Hercules". The cast included:
In 2010 Eugenia was the main judge of Ellada Eheis Talento (Greece's Got Talent) and replaced Matthildi Maggira (show woman). This was a controversial choice as everyone accepted Maggira as a judge. As a result, a lot of gossip arose and the choice of Manolidou as a judge is still frequently debated.
Politicians seen as representing the Crosland tradition, most notably former deputy leader Roy Hattersley, who were regarded as firmly on the right of Labour politics throughout their careers, have now tended to find themselves arguing from the left of New Labour. However, leading New Labour figures have also drawn on Crosland's work. Gordon Brown has demonstrated a particular interest in Crosland and his legacy, giving a 1997 Crosland memorial lecture to the Fabian Society, (which was later published in the 1999 book "Crosland and New Labour", edited by Dick Leonard), and writing the foreword for the 2006 50th anniversary edition of the book. Recent Labour Education Secretaries, including Ruth Kelly and Alan Johnson, have also drawn on Crosland's thinking in speeches and articles.

In late September 2007, it was announced that Jones would take over the role of the church soloist in the Broadway musical "The Color Purple" as of January 9, 2008. Jones played the role of Sofia during matinées (standing in for Chaka Khan).
Presenters.
