
River Road Independent School District is a public school district based in rural north central Potter County, Texas (USA).
Gangnam-gu Office Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 7 and the Bundang Line in the Gangnam district of Seoul.
The Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship is an annual competition organised by Tipperary GAA among the top hurling clubs in County Tipperary. The winner qualifies to represent the county in the Munster Senior Club Hurling Championship, the winner of which progresses to the All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship. The winners of the championship receive the Dan Breen Cup. 
China Gate is a 1957 Hollywood Cinemascope war film written, produced and directed by Samuel Fuller and released through 20th Century Fox.
Je suis un vrai garçon
Work with Talk Talk.
The Estate remained in the Atkyns family until 1844. It was bought by Alfred Sartoris in the 1860s. Sartoris was an army officer and magistrate, who had married Mary Barrington, daughter of Viscount Barrington, in 1856. Sartoris built Abbotswood house in 1862. It was sold to Mark Fenwick, former owner of Lambton's Bank in Newcastle, in 1901. Fenwick, a keen gardener, enlisted the help Sir Edwin Lutyens who added to the house in 1902 and laid out the gardens. Following Fenwick's death in 1945, the estate was acquired by Harry Fergusson. 
2012.
A colonisation scheme was at Alai Kulam tank, 25 km south of Trincomalee town. 65% of settlers were Sinhalese and the rest were Muslims.
Songs.
-en-chōfu was built based on the "Garden City" idea originally developed by the British city planner Ebenezer Howard. It is one of the most famous and top-class residential towns where many executives have their dwellings. Being 10 km away from the center of Tokyo, the area contains natural parks. The area has its own regulations for construction in order to preserve the town feel to the area. The residences are fairly big compared to normal housing in other areas in Japan, and the district is often compared to Beverly Hills in Los Angeles, U.S.A.

Three distinct benthic communities occur on the Crown reef, depending on topography, sediment cover and wave energy.
It is one of nineteen Harrison Townships statewide.
County Feile U-14
