
History.
Tufton Victor Hamilton Beamish, Baron Chelwood MC (27 January 1917 – 6 April 1989) was a British Army officer and Conservative Party Member of Parliament for Lewes (1945–1974).
<doc id="4677525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4677525" title="Single-tension (drums)">
Almanac.
<doc id="4677976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4677976" title="Custos Rotulorum of Flintshire">
<doc id="4678194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4678194" title="Mark Dudzic">
In 1961 the close binary nature of this system was discovered by Nicholas E. Wagman at the Allegheny Observatory. Since then the orbital elements of the two stars have been fairly well established. The two stars are separated by a semimajor axis of 7.61 AUs with distance range of 3.3-11.9 AUs. In 1966, the individual components were first resolved by the American astronomer Peter A. Wehinger using the 84-inch reflector at the Kitt Peak National Observatory, allowing an initial estimate of separate masses.
He made his last Premiership appearance for Tottenham Hotspur in 1999, before spending three years with Wolverhampton Wanderers and then signing for Nigel Clough's Burton Albion in August 2002.
Listening to the Gray and Beneke orchestras provides an interesting contrast. Gray was arguably closer in spirit to the Miller legacy but never quite achieved the same level of popularity because he was less of a showman and Decca was no match for RCA's marketing machinery. Beneke benefited from greater name recognition and stage presence but was hampered by restrictions placed on him by the Miller Estate both before and after his split with RCA. Gray continued to tour with his band in various forms through the 1950s. In 1953 he and Henry Mancini worked together on the biopic The Glenn Miller Story, starring James Stewart and June Allyson. In addition to leading his dance band he wrote and arranged for singers such as Vic Damone and released a very non-Miller-oriented LP featuring a full chorus and many of his own compositions. 
The Kansas City Blades was a professional ice hockey team in the International Hockey League (IHL) from 1990–2001 until the demise of the league after the 2000–01 season. The Blades were based in Kansas City, Missouri at Kemper Arena. 
Vance DeBar Colvig, Jr. (March 9, 1918 – March 3, 1991) was an American character actor.

SO: from deuterium loss, we know how much of the tagged water left the body "as" water. And, since the concentration of 18O in the body's water is measured after the labeling dose is given, we "also" know how much of the tagged oxygen left the body in the water. (A simpler view is that the ratio of deuterium to 18O in body water is fixed, so total loss-rate of deuterium from the body multiplied by this ratio, immediately gives the loss rate of 18O in water.) Measurement of 18O dilution with time gives the total loss of this isotope by all routes (by water and respiration). Since the ratio of 18O to total water oxygen in the body is measured, we can convert 18O loss in respiration to total oxygen lost from the body's water pool via conversion to carbon dioxide. How much oxygen left the body "as CO2" is the same as the CO2 produced by metabolism, since the body only produces CO2 by this route. The CO2 loss tells us the energy produced, if we know or can estimate the respiratory quotient (ratio of CO2 produced to oxygen used).
Several populated areas of Corona have been introduced in the novels to date.
Texas Revolution.
Skinner maintains he is innocent, and has repeatedly appealed his conviction both at state and federal levels.
Culture.
First of all, White argued, the statute should not have been declared invalid on its face, but only as applied to Marathon’s proceeding. Secondly, bankruptcy almost always involves a combination of federal and state law issues, by the very nature of its proceedings. Since federal courts only rarely hear state law claims, having bankruptcy courts adjudicate these issues really would not intrude on the powers of Article III courts very much. White accused the court of ignoring the complex realities of bankruptcy law in favor of its own theory of separation of powers. 
Information Technology is a growing field in South India. Bangalore is India's Information Technology hub, and is home to over 200 software companies. It is often referred to as the Silicon Valley of India. Four of the country's top seven exporters of software viz. Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and Coimbatore are located in South India.
Yokoshibahikari is located in northeastern Bōsō Peninsula, bordered by the Pacific Ocean to the east. The town lacks a center, but instead consists of a collection of hamlets scattered over the countryside extending from the Yokoshiba Station on the Sōbu Main Line. Given such sparse structure, it takes quite a long time for the bus lines to serve the whole town. The coastal area of Yokoshibahikari, which makes up part of Kujūkuri Beach, is protected as part of Kujūkuri Prefectural Natural Park.
SketchFighter's game play consists of using the ship to explore different zones in the game. As the player explores, he or she must fight a variety of enemies. The player acquires different power up items in the game, such as different weapon types, different colors of weapons, improved shields and faster and stronger engines. Some of these power ups require defeating a boss; others are offered for exploring new areas of the map, including areas that can be unlocked by the player through the use of a newly acquired power up.
Some suggest that the success of motivational therapy is highly dependent on the quality of the therapist involved and, like all therapies, has no guaranteed result. Others explain the frequent successes of motivational therapy by noting that the patient is the ultimate source of change, choosing to reduce their dependency on drugs.
Ibiza Airport has just one terminal. Shops, restaurants, rental car companies and a pharmacy all of them landside and airside located. Disabled passengers can travel through all areas. There are facilities for baby changing-feeding, and play areas for children.
Men's Club D4 - Saratoga Springs Stampede
Although it has not been difficult to encourage the adoption of the vocabulary of mainstreaming, there is little evidence of monitoring or follow-up. A consistent problem for all the organizations that adopted gender mainstreaming is the translation of the commitment into action. Progress is variable and there are signs of gender mainstreaming fatigue within the UN, caused by a lack of adequate training and support. A review of gender mainstreaming policies implemented under the UNDP, World Bank, and ILO found inadequate budgeting for the gender components of projects, insufficient development of analytical skills, poor supervision of the implementation of gender components and a general lack of political commitment both within the organization and at the country level.
Hunslet Hawks 16 Barrow Raiders 36 
At around the same time, Collingwood O’Hare fully created, developed and produced the international music-based animation series Oscar’s Orchestra for the BBC and Warner Bros. Television. This original and innovative series, starring Dudley Moore as Oscar the Piano, went into US syndication.
Classes of methods.
Works.
<doc id="4683761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4683761" title="Lord's Media Centre">
!colspan="5"|Northern region

SMC and CSIRO.
