<doc id="31288566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31288566" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1628">

<doc id="31289756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31289756" title="Wyoming Highway 233">
With the advent of commerce raiding by the submarines of the Royal Navy, the Imperial Russian Navy, and the "Kaiserliche Marine" (Imperial German Navy), it was neutral Sweden, at the insistence of Germany, that first used a convoy system in early November 1915 to protect its own merchant shipping after the British and the Russians attacked its iron ore shipments to Germany. The German merchant fleet proposed a similar expedient, but the navy refused. However, in April 1916, Admiral Prince Heinrich of Prussia—commander-in-chief in the Baltic theater—approved regular scheduled escorts for German ships to Sweden. Losses to enemy submarines were drastically cut from the level of the previous year, and only five freighters were lost before the war′s end. In June 1916, the Baltic Fleet attacked a German convoy in the Bråviken, destroying an auxiliary cruiser and some Swedish merchantmen, before mistakes by the commander of the Destroyer Division—Aleksandr Vasiliyevich Kolchak—allowed the majority of the convoy to escape back to Norrköping.
After playing for the Stars, VandeVelde began playing college hockey at the University of North Dakota (UND). He scored his first career collegiate goal during his freshman year in a 3–3 tie against St. Cloud State University on March 2, 2007. He struggled to score for most of the year, but in his final nine games he scored seven points helping him earn UND's Most Improved Player honors. In the WCHA Final Five semifinal game against St. Cloud State, VandeVelde registered a career high three point game, including his first career game-winning goal in a 6–2 win. During his sophomore season he led UND in shooting percentage while finishing third in team scoring. The following season, VandeVelde notched first collegiate hat trick in a 6–2 win over University of Alaska Anchorage. The hat trick helped him set a collegiate career high for goals with 18. For his senor season VandeVelde was named an alternate captain. During the season he recorded a career high 41 points to lead UND in scoring. In the 2010 WCHA Final Five tournament he scored two goals and added three assists in three games as UND won the championship earning the Broadmoor Trophy. VandeVelde was named to the All-Tournament Team, and at seasons end he also named WCHA Scholar Athlete, an All-WCHA Academic Team selection, named to Inside College Hockey's All-America third team, and was named UND's Glenn "Red" Jarrett Male Athlete of the Year.



<doc id="31292250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31292250" title="Calidviana">
Zone 5: Antonio Culebras (USA), Marc Fisher (USA), Vladimir Hachinski (Canada)<br>
Born in Milltown, New Brunswick, the son of Abner Hill, an American-born emigrant to New Brunswick, and Mary Whitney, he was educated at Dartmouth College in New England and went on to study law with Ward Chipman. Hill practised law in St. Stephen. He married Sarah Upton. Hill was named to the Legislative Council of New Brunswick in 1850. He died in office in Fredericton.


