Agricultural Cooperative College is a private technical college located in Goyang City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea. It is operated by the National Agricultural Cooperative Federation, also known as Nonghyup (농협). Various courses of study are offered in agricultural technology, computer science, and marketing.
The UOC offers graduate and postgraduate programs in Catalan, Spanish and English in fields such as Psychology, Computer Science, Sciences of Education, Information and Knowledge Society and Economics. Also, an Information and Knowledge Society Doctoral Program is available that explores research fields such as e-law, e-learning, network society, education, and online communities. It has "support centres and points" in a number of cities in Spain, Andorra, Mexico and the traditionally Catalan-speaking city of Alghero in Sardinia.

Bourlas continued to work as a turner until 1982, when he became a pensioner and started his efforts to return to Greece. He established in the city of Sukhumi in the Georgian SSR, where he became a Greek language teacher to the young Greek students of the area. He returned to Greece in August 1990, without any resources or financial aid, where he started a new struggle to survive and regain his Greek citizenship that he had lost when he emigrated to Israel. Bourlas eventually succeeded to regain his citizenship in 1999. In 2000, he published his autobiography ""Greek, Jew and Left"" (Greek: Έλληνας, Εβραίος και Αριστερός) under the name of Moisis Michail Bourlas.
Operation "Dragon Rouge" (, ) was a hostage rescue operation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo conducted by Belgium and the United States in 1964. The operation, relying heavily on paratroopers from the Belgian Paracommando Regiment, aimed to retrieve hostages held by Communist Simba rebels in Stanleyville (modern-day Kisangani).
Colombo is a lunar impact crater that lies on the strip of rough continental terrain between Mare Fecunditatis to the east and Mare Nectaris in the west. It is located to the south of the crater Goclenius, and northwest of Cook.
The Nest (2002 film)
Multicultural curriculum taught basic facts about different cultures, often on specially designated culture days or holidays, rather than being systematically infused into the entire curriculum. While this did increase students' superficial knowledge of other cultures, some people within the movement wanted students to know why they didn’t know about other cultures and why certain people of certain ethnicities and classes are less likely to be economically successful.
However, apart this minority of committed idealists, the vast majority of the remainder ‘movements’ were actually façades or ‘shops’ (Arabic: "dakakin") – slightly politicised neighbourhood militias operating under grandiose pseudo-revolutionary labels – set up by PLO factions (mainly Fatah) in a misguided effort to widen its base of local support among the unemployed Lebanese urban youth.
Allentown, Washington
Orders, decorations, and medals of East Germany
<doc id="1267130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1267130" title="Barghouti">

Suggs was claimed off waivers by the Miami Dolphins on September 3, 2006. He was released by the Dolphins on October 10, 2006.
6to4, the most common IPv6 over IPv4 tunneling protocol, requires the tunnel endpoint to have a public IPv4 address. However, many hosts are currently attached to the IPv4 Internet through one or several NAT devices, usually because of IPv4 address shortage. In such a situation, the only available public IPv4 address is assigned to the NAT device, and the 6to4 tunnel endpoint needs to be implemented on the NAT device itself. Many NAT devices currently deployed, however, cannot be upgraded to implement 6to4, for technical or economic reasons.
People.
In this usage, the words "check" and "chess" come via Arabic from Persian "shāh", meaning "king" or "monarch" .
In 1986, a jury awarded Wollersheim $5 million in compensatory damages and $25 million in punitive damages for what jurors called intentional and negligent "infliction of emotional distress." On appeal this was reduced to $2.5 million. Scientology officials vowed never to pay, and the phrase "not one thin dime for Wollersheim," was chanted by Scientologists at court hearings. The church challenged the $2.5 million award, but the case was dismissed and Wollersheim was awarded an additional $130,506.71 in attorney's fees.
After their initial appearance in "New Teen Titans" #16, Captain Carrot and his team appeared in 20 issues of their own series, "Captain Carrot and His Amazing Zoo Crew!". The 20 issue run was written by Roy Thomas and penciled by Scott Shaw! and Stan Goldberg with Al Gordon inking issues, #s 6-14. According to the final issue of the series, the book was cancelled in favor of placing the Zoo Crew in a number of miniseries, but only one such miniseries, the three-issue "Oz/Wonderland War" (in which the characters became involved in an interdimensional war involving the worlds of L. Frank Baum and Lewis Carroll), was ever published. 
<doc id="1267701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1267701" title="Guillaume Groen van Prinsterer">
<doc id="1267777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1267777" title="Night sweats">
<doc id="1267900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1267900" title="Lift hill">
MAXIMUS also provide services for child support programs. In 2009, the company won a five-year contract to collect and enforce child-support collections in Shelby County, Tennessee. MAXIMUS launched Project NOW (Negotiating Outstanding Warrants), an initiative that collected more than $35,000 to help nearly 100 parents in Shelby County get back on track after missing child support payments.
<doc id="1268128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1268128" title="Sakurai (surname)">
Standardized dress and dress codes.
Northrop Tacit Blue
"Crime of the Century" was Supertramp's first U.S. Top 40 album and was eventually certified Gold in the U.S. in 1977 after the release of "Even in the Quietest Moments...". The album also marked the commercial breakthrough for the band in the United Kingdom; "Crime of the Century" peaked at number four in the album chart in March 1975, and "Dreamer" reached number thirteen on the singles chart in the same month. The album was particularly successful in Canada, entering the chart for over 2 years and selling over 1 million copies.
Current modernisation.
Singles – Billboard (North America) 
As a dry rice farmer, the male head of a household annually clears a fresh section of tropical forest where his wife will plant and harvest their rice. Isneg women also cook the meals, gather wild vegetables and weave bamboo mats and baskets, while the men cut timber, build houses and take extended hunting and fishing trips. Often when a wild pig or deer is killed, its meat is skewered on bamboo and distributed to neighbors and relatives. Nearly all Isneg households also harvest a small grove of coffee trees since the main cash crop of the area is coffee.
Papal approval.
Sort.
Although Cazimir left the party in 1992, it was only disbanded when the new rules of 1996 required that any party should have at least 10,000 members.
Dr. Ralf Langen's group showed that SDSL with EPR (University of Southern California, Los Angeles) can be used to understand the structure of amyloid fibrils and the structure of membrane bound Parkinson's disease protein alpha-synuclein. A 2012 study generated a high resolution structure of IAPP fibrils using a combination of SDSL, pulse EPR and computational biology. 
Aurélien Scholl
Philip Michael Rivers (born December 8, 1981) is an American football quarterback for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). Rivers was drafted in the first round of the 2004 NFL Draft with the fourth overall pick by the New York Giants, who traded him to the San Diego Chargers for their first overall pick, quarterback Eli Manning. Rivers played college football at North Carolina State University. Rivers' career passer rating of 96.0 is fourth-best all-time among NFL quarterbacks with at least 1,500 passing attempts. Known for his durability, he set a NCAA record with 51 consecutive starts, and is ranked 4th all-time in consecutive starts by a quarterback in NFL history.
!colspan=2 | 2002
An incomplete list of parts making up STEP (ISO 10303):
Leicester City.
Nikolai Sergeevich Korndorf (, January 23, 1947 Moscow, Russia – May 30, 2001 Vancouver, Canada) was a Russian and Canadian (from 1991) composer and conductor. He was prolific both in Moscow, Russia and in Vancouver, Canada.
The Battle of Caer Caradoc was the final battle in Caratacus's resistance to Roman rule. Fought in 50, the Romans defeated the Britons and thus secured the southern areas of the province of Britannia.
The company produces mainly track suits and trainers (American English: Sneakers), of which the models known as "Harrier" and "Chase" are particularly popular, especially in continental Europe. During the 1970s, Gola's licensing was held under Electronic Rentals Group and its principal Chairman, Roy Keith Black. Black pushed several million pounds into Gola and developed the Gola Bag of 1972 which created an international craze. 
Hess is acknowledged to be an expert on cocktails. In 2005, he co-founded the Museum of the American Cocktail in Las Vegas.

Derive was a computer algebra system, developed as a successor to muMATH by the Soft Warehouse in Honolulu, Hawaii, now owned by Texas Instruments. Derive was implemented in muLISP, also by Soft Warehouse. The first release was in 1988. It was discontinued on June 29, 2007 in favor of TI-Nspire. The last and final version is Derive 6.1 for MS-Windows.

Acoma Pueblo
Mike Lupica
The determinant above is then a homogeneous polynomial (the Kirchhoff polynomial) in the indeterminants corresponding to the edges of the graph. After collecting terms and performing all possible cancellations, each monomial in the resulting expression represents a spanning tree consisting of the edges corresponding to the indeterminants appearing in that monomial. In this way, one can obtain explicit enumeration of all the spanning trees of the graph simply by computing the determinant.
Walter Guglielmone
Nevertheless, Jerome had made a historic contribution to his industry when he substituted brass works for wooden works, said to be "the greatest and most far-reaching contribution to the clock industry."
