Qeshlaq-e Juq-e Olya (, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jūq-e ‘Olyā; also known as Qeshlāq Jūg-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 23 families. 
Qarah Qeshlaq or Qareh Qeshlaq (), also rendered as Qara Qishlaq, may refer to various places in Iran:
In October 2013, "ABC Soaps In Depth" ranked the character at #5 in the "5 Things We're Loving" section and said Gati's "Obrecht makes being look oh so good!" "Soap Opera Digest" gave "General Hospital" the "Best Villains" award for 2013 and Obrecht was among the favorites. The magazine raved that "Establishing the perverse cronyism of Faison, Helena, Jerry and Dr. Obrecht was a stroke of creative, but each character also shined individually." The magazine praised the character said "Obrecht continued her scene-stealing rise to to villainous power by maneuvering daughter Britt like a chess piece, tossing off cruel one-liner with expert precision and rocking the heck out of that Anna mask." Rosemary Rossi said "Sure, Obrecht is a villainess. But viewers delight in her wickedness rather than just deplore her machinations." Gati shared the title of Performer of the Week with Anders Hove for their portrayal of Obrecht and Faison during scenes in which Obrecht tried to seduce Faison wearing an Anna mask. Editor Stephanie Sloane described the performances as "uniquely but equally mesmerizing." While Hove is definitely known for his legendary style, Sloane raved that Gati "has quickly become one of the trustiest weapons in GH's arsenal, via her full-bodies embrace of Obrecht's matter-of-fact cruelty." "On-Air On-Soaps" said Gati gave the "Best Overall Performance By a Supporting Actress." Of Obrecht's familial connections, Maria Ciaccia said "[she is now 'connected' nad here to stay. That's a tribute to the actress because this was probably a short-term role." Ciaccia praised the actress and said "there's something about Gati as Dr. Obrecht -- we just love having around." "On-Air On-Soaps" praised the actress for her portrayal of Obrecht during scenes in which the character schemed to take out her rival Anna Devane, played by Finola Hughes. "Soaps In Depth" said "what makes Obrecht a fan favorite is the contrast between her evil deeds and the delight she takes in them." Michael Fairman praised Gati and head writer, Ron Carlivati for their creation of "one the most fascinating characters in Port Charles."
On 6 September 2012 Gabriel signed a contract extension with Vitória, until 2016. He was elected the best central defender of 2013 Campeonato Baiano, being also crowned champions.
"Urtica dioica" subsp. "gracilis", the California nettle or American stinging nettle, is a herbaceous perennial plant native to most of the United States and Canada. It is either considered to be a subspecies of stinging nettle ("Urtica dioica"), or a species in its own right: Urtica gracilis.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
There are opportunities for individuals to seek sponsors, internal positions with the LCBL (field and gameday operations), and part-time employment/internships with local companies. Those that play exclusively on the weekend (Lewis Conference) can even maintain a 40-hour/week schedule and still play all their team's games. 
University presidencies.

Football club.
The research staff of CIDICS is integrated by professors of UANL, who also work at the Faculties of Medicine and University Hospital, Dentistry, Biology, Veterinary Medicine, Chemistry, Public Health and Nutrition, Psychology, Nursing, Sports Organization, as well as the neighbor institutions, the University Health Center and the University Outpatient Services.
