Split.
The Tactical Operations Division (TOD) commonly called "Fuerza de Choque" () is a well-known unit within the Puerto Rico Police. Its "hands-on" tactics for crowd control, the unit's primary mission, have been infamous among Puerto Ricans, most noticeably where physical control of large gatherings people is necessary to prevent disorder or to restore order. "Fuerza de Choque"’s historic manner in dealing with crowd-control situations throughout its years of service has earned it criticism and complaints about civil-rights violations.
Its Insurance segment provides commercial property, casualty, professional liability, environmental liability, aviation and satellite, marine, product recall, political risks, equine, fine art and specie, surplus lines and other coverages. The Reinsurance segment provides casualty, property risk (including energy and engineering), property catastrophe, marine, aviation, and other specialty reinsurance globally. 
Drafted in 1973 by both the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League and the Minnesota Fighting Saints of the World Hockey Association, Pyatt also played for the Washington Capitals and Colorado Rockies.
Edward M. Beers was born in Nossville, Pennsylvania. In 1895, he moved with his parents to Mount Union, Pennsylvania when they purchased the then Seibert House. He graduated from Mount Union High School in 1895. Upon the death of his father in 1895, he took over the family hotel business, serving as the proprietor of the Beers Hotel, located at the corner of Shirley and Jefferson Streets in Mount Union. He was also interested in agricultural pursuits. He was a delegate to the Republican State Convention at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in 1898. He served as mayor of Mount Union from 1910 to 1914. He was a member of the board of directors of the First National Bank of Mount Union and of the Grange Trust Co. of Huntingdon, Pennsylvania. He was an associate judge of Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania from 1914 to 1923.
After several years in Philadelphia (and a brief stint in Los Angeles), Horn had a popular show as a DJ on WIP-AM called "C'mon and Dance". Since Horn wanted to appear on television, WFIL was able to woo him to its station, to create a daytime radio show, "Bob Horn's Bandstand", and a TV version of the show. "Bob Horn's Bandstand" premiered on WFIL-TV (Channel 6) in late September 1952 as a replacement for a weekday movie. Originally, "Bob Horn's Bandstand" was mostly short musical films (the ancestors of music videos); there also were studio guests.
Mr. Rood received his bachelor's degree from Arizona State University (1990).
