The titular device was conceived by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich. Devlin and Emmerich's concept was developed for the "Stargate" motion picture and subsequently adapted by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner for the MGM franchises- "Stargate SG-1", ', "Stargate Universe" and the feature films "Stargate Continuum" and '
Several witnesses were LaRouche followers who testified under immunity from prosecution. A former fundraiser testified that he was told, "No matter what the person you are talking to says, get the money. [...] If you are talking to an unemployed worker who says he has got to feed ... a dozen children, forget it. Get the money. Most of these people are immoral anyway. This is the most moral thing they have ever done is to give you money."
In 525 BC Egypt was conquered by the Persian Achaemenid Empire. Because of internal struggles for the Persian royal succession, Egypt managed to regain independence in 404 BC. In 389 BC, pharaoh Hakor negotiated a treaty with Athens and for three years (from 385 to 383 BC) managed to withstand Persian aggression. However, following the conclusion of the Peace of Antalcidas in 387 BC between Persia and the Greek city-states, Egypt and Cyprus became the only obstacles to Persian hegemony in the Mediterranean. At the beginning of 360 BC, Nectanebo's predecessor Teos started preparations for war against intruders. In the same year, the Egyptian army set off, travelling along the coast by land and sea. Nectanebo II accompanied his uncle Teos in that campaign and was in charge of the "machimoi". In an attempt to raise finances for the war quickly, Teos imposed taxes on Egyptians and seized temple property. Egyptians, particularly the priests, resented those measures and supported Nectanebo II. Teos asked Spartan military leader Agesilaus and Athenian general Chabrias to preserve support for him. Agesilaus, however, said he was sent to aid Egypt and not to wage war against it. Chabrias with his mercenaries returned home. Teos decided to flee to the Persian court, where he ultimately died of natural causes.
The Anti-Defamation Commission of the Australian branch of B'nai B'rith (a body similar to the Anti-Defamation League in the United States) has published a Briefing Paper with details of the CEC's alleged antisemitic, anti-gay, anti-Aboriginal and racist underpinnings. The document cites CEC publications and quotes former CEC members. The CEC in turn has published a response to the ADC's accusations and described the ADC "as a front for Queen Elizabeth's Privy Council, the ruling body of the British Commonwealth." This allegation, that there is a link between the ADC and the alleged power of the Privy Council, has been attributed to the fact that Sir Zelman Cowen, a former Governor-General of Australia and a member of the Privy Council, is a member of the ADC's board of advisors.
Jheera Bagh. Outside the town, off the road to Māṇḍū, the Powars, built a palace at Hazīra Bāgh from the 1860s. Known as the Jheera Bāgh Palace and now run as a heritage hotel, the complex was renovated by Mahārāja Anand Rao Pawar IV in the 1940s. Graciously designed in an unpretentious art deco style, it is one of the most elegant and forward-looking examples of early modern architecture in north India.
Honors and awards.
Nine Japanese synchronized swimmers qualified a spot in the women's team.
Private bodies.
with slightly different values given by different sources:
VGA Planets

above) have FMP.
Portugal competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. Portuguese athletes have competed at every Summer Olympic Games in the modern era since 1912. The Olympic Committee of Portugal sent the nation's second-largest team to the Games. A total of 81 athletes, 64 men and 17 women, were selected by the committee to participate in 15 sports. Men's football was the only team-based sport in which Portugal had its representation at these Games. There was only a single competitor in badminton, canoeing, equestrian, artistic and trampoline gymnastics, triathlon, and wrestling, which made its official Olympic comeback after an eight-year absence.
<doc id="912128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=912128" title="Microsome">

Order of battle.
In 1967, the song was covered again by an Australian band, The Cherokees. A version by the Reggae Philharmonic Orchestra made #35 in the UK charts late in 1988. Tupac Shakur and Chopmaster J made a hip hop version of the song in 1989. The song can be found on "" from 2007. A contemporary swing band, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, recorded a cover on their 1998 album, "Americana Deluxe". L.A.-based new wave/rock band Oingo Boingo has covered this song, as well as other Cab Calloway songs, during live performances throughout their career, dating back to their years as Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo.
In Greek mythology, Oeonus was a son of Licymnius who accompanied Hercules. He was killed in Sparta in Hercules's company. Hercules had promised Licymmius that he would bring back his son, and so, when Oeonus died, Hercules burned his body and took the ashes back to the father. This is supposed to be the origin of the Greek practice of cremation.
Royal Highness.
History.
