


Analysis.
Old Broadway Synagogue

Bauer supported himself as an artist by creating illustrations and caricatures for some of the major magazines and newspapers of the day. In 1912, as Bauer continued to do figurative and commercial work, he began working in an abstract mode. That same year he met Herwarth Walden, who had just founded "Der Sturm". "Der Sturm" would become the most important artistic center in Berlin at this period. In 1915 Bauer was invited to participate in a group show at "Der Sturm". He would continue to actively participate in the "Der Sturm" gallery scene through the mid-1920s. He had his first solo show there in 1917, with 120 "Lyrical Abstract" works, with solo shows in 1919 and 1920. Among the artists who were in the "Der Sturm" group were Wassily Kandinsky, Marc Chagall, Paul Klee, and Franz Marc. Like Paul Klee, Bauer became a teacher in the Sturm School.
Series 8 The set stayed the same except there were new colors on the poles and a blue circle instead of yellow.

<doc id="11512633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11512633" title="Muzzle (band)">
Consolidated Edison in New York City has had frequent incidents of stray voltage, including the electrocution death of Jodie S. Lane in 2004, while walking her dog in Manhattan. In 2009, the Jodie S. Lane Public Safety Foundation announced a publicly accessible website with maps showing thousands of reported stray voltage locations in New York City. In addition, the Foundation sponsors the "Jodie S. Lane Stray Voltage Detection, Mitigation & Prevention Conference", an annual meeting attended by power utilities and regulators from around the country to discuss stray voltage detection programs. The Foundation also initiated and advocates regular mobile scanning by utility companies for stray voltage hazards.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts" 
Analysis.
Brad Knowles
Applications of SCM.
 The Oregon spotted frog’s reproduction is strictly aquatic and their late winter breeding season is brief, less than four weeks in duration. Males call quietly during the day or night from the vicinity of traditional oviposition sites, places where females lay their eggs in communal piles. Ovipostition at selected sites is initiated when water temperatures reach 8°C, but the timing of oviposition varies from late February-early March at lowland sites to late May-late June at montane sites in Oregon.
Landmark buildings.
Kavalerovo () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Kavalerovsky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia. Population: 

Physiotope is the total abiotic matrix of habitat present within any certain ecotope. The physiotope is the landform, the rocks and the soils, the climate and the hydrology, and the geologic processes which marshalled all these resources together in a certain way and in this time and place.
