
Soto got an athletic scholarship to Iowa Central Community College. There Soto wrestled with Jon Jones and fellow Mexican American Cain Velasquez. Soto and Jones were also roommates during their freshmen and sophomore years.
Richard D. Vick (April 16, 1892 – September 1980) was a professional football player who spent 3 seasons in the National Football League with the Kenosha Maroons, Detroit Panthers and the Canton Bulldogs.
<doc id="22733567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22733567" title="Barnsley Rural District">

Defined benefit plans distribute their benefits through life annuities. In a life annuity, employees receive equal periodic benefit payments (monthly, quarterly, etc.) for the rest of their lives. A defined benefit pension plan allows joint distributions so a surviving spouse can still receive 50 percent of your payment.

Mahaganapati at Ranjangaon is believed to have come to the aid of Shiva in destroying the citadels of the demon Tripurasura. According to history, the temple was built between 9th & 10th century. Madhavrao Peshwa made a room in the basement of the temple to keep the idol of the lord Ganesh.
Annette Phillips, director of Carl Rosa commented that George Lloyd was chosen for the 1951 Festival commission given the talent he had shown in his two previous operas, but that for financial reasons "John Socman" could not remain in the repertory, despite an enthusiastic reception from audiences. The producer was Dennis Arundell, and a single performance followed in Northern Ireland.
Ratings.
The Lowoceratidae is a small family of discosorids, early nautiloid cephalopods, from the Middle Silurian in which the characteristic bullette is found only in early growth stages. Lowoceratids were first found in Southampton Island in the Canadian arctic. 
Fermat–Catalan conjecture
The Second Collier Ministry was the 18th Ministry of the Government of Western Australia and was led by Labor Premier Philip Collier. It succeeded the Second Mitchell Ministry on 24 April 1933, following the defeat of the Nationalist government at the 1933 election on 8 April.
Epidemiology.
