During his time as Principal of St Mary's it came to light that one of his students had previously served a sentence for murder. There followed a public controversy about whether this man could become a minister of the Church. Whyte argued on the basis of the Christian doctrine of forgiveness and persuaded the General Assembly not to block the ordination.
In 1960, with his younger brother, society columnist Igor, Oleg opened Le Club, which becomes a leading private club with such members as Gianni Agnelli, Stavros Niarchos, Aristotle Onassis, and Ray Stark. In 1960 Oleg Cassini was named personal couturier by Mrs. Kennedy, launching the Jackie look in 1961. He was awarded the Chicago Gold Coast Award for Excellence in Design. In 1962, he was awarded the National Cystic Fibrosis Distinguished Service Citation. In 1967, he created deep tonal shirts for men adding special colors where there had only been white. The sales of dress shirts raised dramatically, and the look was launched on "The Tonight Show", Starring Johnny Carson". Oleg created the "Johnny Carson" line of Men's wear. In 1968, the Peacock Revolution is hailed by Newsweek, wherein Cassini is credited with leading a revolution in men's fashion worldwide. The "Competitors" Collection menswear campaign was also launched by Cassini. It featured icons of sport wearing Cassini including: Ted Turner for sailing, Bob Hope and Raymond Floyd for golf, Michael Jordan for basketball, Mario Andretti for racing, Gary Carter for baseball, Lynn Swann and Lawrence Taylor for football and Charlton Heston, Regis Philbin and Kenny Rogers for tennis.
Crouse served as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Morocco from 1968 to 1969. Returning to the United States he wrote for the "Boston Herald" before joining the staff of "Rolling Stone" where he worked as a contributing editor from 1971 to 1972.
The Law.com article quotes Chairman Brad Karp as stating, "The last quarter of 2009 was the busiest period in our firm's history". However, this claim appears inconsistent with the reduction in attorney headcount. Further, despite claims or record profits and increased workload, Paul, Weiss announced decreased bonuses for associates, with some classes receiving up to $10,000 (57%) less than the previous year.
Born and raised in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan he attended Walter Murray Collegiate Institute.
"Lambda" is distributed bi-weekly on Tuesdays and is available around the Laurentian University campus, as well as partner distributors throughout the city.

The following 42 communities are described in Volume 5 of "British Plant Communities". For an article summarising these communities see Vegetation of open habitats in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
