
Prior to his last assignment, Schoomaker spent over 30 years in a variety of assignments with both conventional and special operations forces – he is the first Special Forces-trained Army Chief of Staff and the second to serve on the Joint Chiefs of Staff (General Henry H. Shelton was the first, when he served as Chairman).
Additionally, in 1994, the Drum Corps International World Championships were held in the stadium.
"Each Peach Pear Plum" was named one of the top ten Medal-winning works in 2007, and finished a close second in public voting on that slate.
The MEE and MPT, as uniform though not standardized tests, also must be administered on the same day across the country – specifically the day before the MBE.
The North Atlantic Council is the premier, governmental forum for discussion and decision-making in an Atlantic context. Other organizations that can be considered Atlanticist in origin: 
Landscape and natural history.
Modular buildings are often priced lower than their site-built counterparts, for a variety of reasons. 
Upaya-kaushalya is a concept emphasizing that practitioners may use their own specific methods or techniques that fit the situation in order to gain enlightenment. The implication is that even if a technique, view, etc., is not ultimately "true" in the highest sense, it may still be an "expedient" practice to perform or view to hold; i.e., it may bring the practitioner closer to the true realization in a similar way. The exercise of skill to which it refers, the ability to adapt one's message to the audience, is of enormous importance in the Pali Canon.
In the NRL, the victor in golden point receives two competition points, the loser none. In the event that no further scoring occurs, the game is drawn, and each team receives one point each.
In 1978, the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority (NJSEA), which operated and scheduled events at Giants Stadium, decided to host an end-of-season bowl game, called the Garden State Bowl. There were four such bowl games held, but attendance was lower than hoped by the NJSEA due to December weather and less attractive teams. Consequently, NJSEA decided to host a "bowl" game in the beginning of the season instead. This would attract more popular teams and ensure better attendance due to more favorable weather conditions.
The cab forward design was characterized by the long, low slung windshield, and relatively short overhangs. The wheels were effectively pushed to the corners of the car, creating a much larger passenger cabin than the contemporaries of the time.
On 5 May 2005, Drummond was re-elected as the mayor of Hartlepool with an increased majority of 10,205. On 4 June 2009, Drummond was re-elected for a third term.
Field goals.
Psychobabble is the student-run newsletter of Agnes Scott's Department of Psychology. The newsletter’s goal is to create an informed and united community within the discipline by promoting coordinated activities and facilitating communication and relationships among faculty, students and staff. Psychobabble gives psychology majors and minors an opportunity to involve themselves in their interest and form an identity as undergraduate students, while benefiting the department as a whole and supporting the educational experience of their peers.
Wagner originally intended the "Siegfried Idyll" to remain a private piece. However, due to financial pressures, he decided to sell the score to publisher B. Schott in 1878. In doing so, Wagner expanded the orchestration to make the piece more marketable. The piece is scored for a small chamber orchestra of 13 players: flute, oboe, two clarinets, bassoon, two horns, trumpet, two violins, viola, cello and double bass. The trumpet part is very brief, lasting only 13 measures. The piece is commonly played today by orchestras with more than one player on each string part. Modern performances are much slower than those of earlier years.
On March 13, 2009, Panini Spa. of Italy (which had previously acquired the exclusive license to produce NBA trading cards beginning with the 2009–10 season), announced that it had purchased Donruss Playoff. Effective immediately, the company was renamed Panini America Inc. However, the company remained separate and continued to operate out of Irving, Texas, with much of the existing upper management.
Born in Brookline, Massachusetts, McManus entered the comics field in the early 1980s with work for "Heavy Metal" and DC Comics. For the June 1983 issue of "Heavy Metal" he collaborated with Bhob Stewart and John Coffey on "Zenobia". Six months later, McManus and Stewart teamed with Jim McDermott on "Symbiosis", also in "Heavy Metal" (December 1983). He drew the Green Arrow backup feature in "Detective Comics" in 1983-1984. McManus gained wider attention when he illustrated two issues of "The Saga of the Swamp Thing" written by Alan Moore.
<doc id="625851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=625851" title="List of places named for Andrew Jackson">
Several doubtfully distinct species have also been described; see the genus articles for these.
Renewed interest led to several demonstration voyages in 1997 including the passage of the Finnish product tanker "Uikku".

Kinman Guitar Electrix were awarded 5 or more US patents beginning circa 1996 for innovative design concerned with hum canceling single pole pickups. Kinman at first concentrated on particularly the Fender type single coil pickup and in 2009 the P-90 pickup. One of the most important elements of Kinman's patents is the use of iron in the core of the noise sensing coil. This was absolutely novel in 1996 and without the presence of iron to boost the efficiency of the noise sensing coil differential coil technology would not have been possible. Vertical differential coil technique is also described in Kinman's US Patents 5,668,520 and 6,103,966 with priority date of March 1996. After 1998 DiMarzio and Seymour Duncan also began using iron and differential winding techniques in the noise sensing coils in some of their products. Over the years Kinman has improved and refined their designs to a point where the popular consensus is the sound of some models is indistinguishable from noisy single coils. Kinman also manufactures noiseless P-90 and Telecaster pickups under US Patent 7,022,909
 Functioning of a linear induction motor begins with an AC force that is supplied to the coil windings within the primary coil assembly. This creates a traveling magnetic field that induces a current in the reaction plate, which then creates its own magnetic field. The magnetic fields in the primary coil assembly and reaction plate alternate, which generates force and direct linear motion.
Shortly after VE-Day, the United States Army and Army Air Forces began to demobilze in Europe. In May 1945, USSTAF consisted of about 17,000 aircraft and about 500,000 personnel. In Europe the aim was to maintain a small USAAF organization, exclusively for communication and transport purposes. On 7 August 1945, the United States Strategic and Tactical Air Forces (USSTAF) was redesignated as the United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) and headquarters USAFE was relocated to Wiesbaden, Germany, on 28 September 1945.
<doc id="626332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=626332" title="List of colonial governors in 1897">
