Dorunak (, also Romanized as Dorūnak, Darūnak, and Derūnak; also known as Darinak and Qal‘eh-ye Dorūnak) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 69 families. 

Ua Dab communal rituals of worship of gods and ancestors are performed by the patriarch of each family or the spiritual leader of a clan or a cluster of male relatives. More difficult ceremonies such as soul-calling ("hu plig") are performed by ritual experts the shaman ("txiv neeb") for spiritual healing, and various experts in funeral rites like the reed pipe player ("txiv qeej"), the soul chanter ("nkauj plig") and the blessing singers ("txiv xaiv"). The soul is believed to reincarnate. The body ("cev") is a microcosm believed to be constructed by a number of souls ("plig" or "ntsuj") that mirror the macrocosm.
Super Bowl XLVIII was the first to be played outdoors in a cold weather environment, and the first in which two US states (New York and New Jersey) hosted the event. The combination of sports facilities in New Jersey and hotel facilities in New York was a major factor in the NFL decision to choose the location. Activities related to the Super Bowl were spread across the region on both sides of the Hudson River. More than 20 miles separated Super Bowl Boulevard in the Manhattan borough of New York City and the Florham Park facility, where the Broncos practiced in New Jersey. In between is Jersey City, where the teams stayed, the Prudential Center in Newark, site of Media Day, and the stadium and Seahawks' practice facility in New Jersey Meadowlands in East Rutherford, a relatively remote location several miles from central business districts which hosted events in the week leading up to the game.
<doc id="41763340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41763340" title="Zavali">
Seyyed Hoseyn (, also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩoseyn; also known as Deh-e Seyyed Ḩoseyn) is a village in Shapur Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,446, in 283 families. 
<doc id="41764572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41764572" title="Ketino Kachiani">
