In 1403, Count Johann IV Katzenelnbogen an Henne Weißkreis von Lindenfels pledged the castle and town of Zwingenberg with the villages of Eschollbrücken – which the Count owned – Pfungstadt and Nieder-Ramstadt with all rights and appurtenances for 6,000 Gulden, which the Count later redeemed.
624 VGS Squadron.

Taxonomy.
Background.
There are no stores or other public commercial establishments on the island, aside from a wooden box, stocked by a local family with printed T-shirts and other souvenir items; each souvenir comes with an envelope through which visitors return payment by mail, based on an honor system. The local schoolhouse closed in fall of 2007 due to lack of students, but reopened in 2008 with two students.

In economics, "non-convexity" refers to violations of the convexity assumptions of elementary economics. Basic economics textbooks concentrate on consumers with convex preferences and convex budget sets and on producers with convex production sets; for convex models, the predicted economic behavior is well understood. When convexity assumptions are violated, then many of the good properties of competitive markets need not hold: Thus, non-convexity is associated with market failures, where supply and demand differ or where market equilibria can be inefficient.
As Speaker he was memorable for being severely cross-eyed—the affliction was so confusing to members of the House that they were frequently uncertain as to which of them had "caught the Speaker's eye", and would try to speak out of turn.
<doc id="935910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=935910" title="Ollerton, Cheshire">
<doc id="935996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=935996" title="Revenge (1990 film)">
Tribute to poet in Urdu literature.

In late 2005, renovations on the eight year-old Slingerlands store (#159) began. Plans for the renovation included the opening of a New York-style sandwich shop to be named "Ben and Bill's" after the founders of the company. If the sandwich shop is successful at the Slingerlands store, it will be incorporated into stores throughout the chain. The Sandwich Shop is now open, selling a variety of pre-packaged products, such as typical New York City pastries, along with sandwiches and deli items. It stands next to the store's regular deli and is themed to look like a traditional New York City delicatessen. The second Ben and Bill's opened July 2008 in the Saratoga Springs (#158) store, and a third location opened in September '09 in Burlington, Vermont's newly remodeled Shelburne Road store (#165).
Funding and construction.
Van Impe credits the start of his career to Spaniard Federico Bahamontes, a climber nicknamed "the eagle of Toledo" and a former Tour de France winner. In 1968 van Impe was King of the Mountains in the Tour de l'Avenir. Bahamontes used his influence to get van Impe a contract as a professional. In 1969, Van Impe started his professional career with a 12th place in the 1969 Tour de France.
WAPW

<doc id="936857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=936857" title="Rio Natsuki">
Diet.
Mendes is married to Gracinha Leporace, who has performed with him since the early 1970s. He has collaborated with many artists through the years, including the Black Eyed Peas, with whom he re-recorded in 2006 a version of his original breakthrough hit "Mas Que Nada".
Local events.
example: Callista Lanart-Carr
<doc id="937268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=937268" title="Yuan Mei">
BBC executive.
The sword was subsequently named after his father's groom.
Prince Mircea was born in Bucharest on , as the third son and last child of the "Crown Prince" Ferdinand of Romania and his wife, the "Crown Princess" Marie of Edinburgh. He was baptised on at the Royal Palace (presently the National Museum of Art). Prince Eitel Friedrich of Prussia arrived by train to Bucharest to represent his father. He was met there by King Carol I, Crown Prince Ferdinand and Prince Carol. His godparents were the German Emperor Wilhelm II, King Carol I, Queen Elisabeth and Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia. His mother, the "Crown Princess" was absent due to a possible attack of phlebitis. During his short life, he was known to get along very well with his sister, Princess Ileana of Romania. His governess was "Mary Green".
Before her marriage, Ileana was the organizer and Chief of the Romanian Girl Guide Movement.
then
Distance and visibility.
