
<doc id="12922154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12922154" title="Thyrsodium herrerense">
Tocoyena pittieri
"Tournefortia grandifolia" Fresen. - <br>

In chemistry, a ladderane is an organic molecule containing two or more fused cyclobutane rings. The name arises from the resemblance of a series of fused cyclobutane rings to a ladder. Numerous synthetic approaches have been developed for the synthesis of ladderane compounds of various lengths. The mechanisms often involve , a useful reaction for creating strained 4-membered rings. Naturally occurring ladderanes have been identified as major components of the anammoxosome membrane of the anammox bacteria, "Planctomycetes".
Tristaniopsis vieillardii is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family. It is endemic to New Caledonia. 
Tylecodon aridimontanus

The 1939 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 7th playing of the mid-summer classic between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was held on July 11, 1939 at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York City, the home of the New York Yankees of the American League. The game resulted in the American League defeating the National League 3-1.
Vatica globosa is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family. It is found in Indonesia and Malaysia. 
The bridge is in length, with the longest span, the arch-supported roadway crossing the Genesee, encompassing . The structure is wide. The roadway on its surface is eight lanes wide, with four reserved for each direction of I-490. The structure carries an estimated 71,640 vehicles daily over NY 383 and the Genesee.
Ida Bagus Oka
V. Křístek (2007). Prof. Z. P. Bažant 70 Year Anniversary (in Czech).” Beton (Prague), Vol. 7, No. 6 (Dec.), pp. 54-55.

College.
the warrior of the proved troops destroyed her, 
Early life.
"Swietenia mahagoni" is a medium-sized semi-evergreen tree growing to tall. The leaves are pinnate, long, with four to eight leaflets, each leaflet long and broad; there is no terminal leaflet. The flowers are small, produced in panicles. The fruit is a woody capsule long and broad, containing numerous winged seeds.
