"In Spanish unless otherwise noted."
John Both


The most of Sunuwars practice agriculture (approximately 55%) throughout the eastern hills of present day Nepal. Crop cultivation and cattle farming (Rice, Millet, Wheat, Soybean, Potato, and Corn) are the main agricultural works. Sunuwar peoples also took part in the second world-war and they became a brave and honest army. Some Sunuwar peoples still join the Nepal army, Nepal police, Indian Army, Singapore Police Force and British Gurkha Army. Some medium educated people go to abroad countries for job because it is difficult to get opportunities within the nation. Attractive salaries and facilities in abroad countries motivated these people for abroad job. Only few Sunuwar peoples are involved in Government and private service over here.
1965 onwards.
GoodWeave International
Balaídos was inaugurated on 30 December 1928. The stadium was blessed by the archpriest of Fragoso, Father Faustino Ande.
Emma Kennedy (born Elizabeth Emma Williams 28 May 1967, Corby, Northamptonshire) is an English actress, writer and television presenter.
Besides, he also played in the league for Vargas, Gavilanes and Magallanes, compiling a 29-20 record and a 3.57 ERA in 86 games from 1952 through 1956, while pitching for Caracas in the 1953 Caribbean Series.
On September 8, 2011, the Sinclair Broadcast Group announced its intent to purchase Four Points from Cerberus Capital Management for $200 million; Sinclair began managing the stations, including WTCN, under local marketing agreements following antitrust approval. Sinclair subsequently announced its purchase of the entire broadcasting division of Freedom Communications, including WPEC. As a result, Sinclair would now control three of the six largest English-language network affiliations in West Palm Beach. The deal with Sinclair acquiring Four Points was completed on January 3, 2012. 
The Dornier Aviation Nigeria fleet includes the following aircraft (at March 2007):
Flood joined Celtic on 30 January 2009, signing a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee, the team he support as a boy. Upon joining the club, Flood move to Celtic was not well received by Celtic's supporters, believing he's "not good enough for Parkhead".
These groups were warriors formed by townpeople Pasha, Spaniards and mestizos. They used to go early in the mornings fighting in main square of the city, that is why this dance shows the power struggle of those years. In those days, the "Pashas" spoke the "Cully" language and worshipped the god "Catequilla ".
Three days after the fire, on June 8, 1892, Edward O'Kelley entered Ford's tent saloon with a shotgun. According to witnesses, Ford's back was turned. O'Kelley said, "Hello, Bob." As Ford turned to see who it was, O'Kelley fired both barrels, killing Ford instantly. O'Kelley hence became "the man who killed the man who killed Jesse James." O'Kelley's sentence was commuted because of a medical condition, and he was released on October 3, 1902. O'Kelley was subsequently killed on January 13, 1904 while trying to shoot a policeman.
Koforidua has an annual rainfall ranging from 50 – 120 inches and 20 – 32 celsius mean annual temperatures.
Peregrine Bertie, 13th Baron Willoughby de Eresby
Tamborazo.
A Secretariat, based in Windhoek, Namibia, coordinates:
Military.
Gilbride spent his first year overseeing the passing game, in a sort of quarterback-coach like position.
With a revamped lineup led by 1997 passing leader Warren Moon the Hawks flew out of the gate in 1998 with three-game winning streak (including a Kickoff Weekend shutout of the Eagles at Veterans Stadium) but stumbled and lost their next three games. Later in the year, with the team playing at .500 he turned to Jon Kitna to lead the offense and they responded with a close win at home against the Tennessee Oilers before going on the road to New York to play the Jets. In a hotly contested game that many viewed as the best combined offensive performances of 1998, the game came down to a blown call on a short touchdown run by Jets quarterback Vinny Testaverde (where he was ruled to have scored despite replay evidence clearly showing his forward progress had been stopped short of the goal line) which cost Seattle the game and Erickson his job. Many Seahawks fans argue his fate may have been different had Seattle won that game, this game would be cited as one of the main reasons the NFL restored its instant replay review system following the season.
The radio school regularly sent student tapes to radio stations around the country. David's was one voice on an audition tape sent to 2RG in Griffith, New South Wales and at 17 he secured his first professional radio gig. David spent three years at 2RG and it was in Griffith that he met his future wife, Eve, to whom he later had two daughters, Georgie (born 1971) and Romy (born 1973).
1983-85: Kansas State
In 1907, a surf life saving brigade was formed at Clovelly, inaugurating the surf life saving tradition in this suburb that has seen numerous heroic rescues, perhaps most notably "the rescue off Schnapper" or "the big rescue" of Sunday 4 December 1927. Surf Life Saving has been a predominate part of the culture and heritage of this scenic coastal suburb. Competitive swimming is also a dominate part of life in this idyllic coastal location.
Around the start of the 18th century, however, the last national uprising of the period occurred, leading the spread of "Kuruc songs". These songs were authentically Hungarian and hold a "central position between the style of the ancient and the new folk music". Their influences include elements of Polish, Romanian, Slovak and Ukrainian music in addition to Hungarian melodies.

Echeverría's renown as a writer rests largely on his powerful short story "El matadero" ("The Slaughterhouse," written in 1839 but not published until 1871), a landmark in the history of Latin American literature. It is mostly significant because it displays the perceived clash between "civilization and barbarism", that is, between the European and the "primitive and violent" American ways. Domingo Faustino Sarmiento, another great Argentine writer and thinker, saw this clash as the core of Latin American culture. Read in this light, "The Slaughterhouse" is a political allegory. Its more specific intention was to accuse Rosas of protecting the kind of thugs who murder the cultivated young protagonist at the Buenos Aires slaughterhouse. Rosas and his henchmen stand for barbarism, the slain young man for civilization.
<doc id="2735905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2735905" title="Ngô Văn Chiêu">
Fourteen thousand Moroccan personnel were accordingly transferred from French service. The modern Moroccan military includes both a Royal Gendarmerie and Auxiliary Force Companies. Both forces have an overlapping rural policing role and are in that sense the successors of the Goumiers.
Each state has its own affiliate convention sometime during the year. At the national convention, which lasts a week, there are presentations about the struggles and triumphs of blind people, and the availability of technology for blind people has been a common topic. 
Exercise Bright Star.

El Perú: Itinerarios de Viajes is an expansive written work covering a variety of topics in the natural history of Peru, written by the prominent Italian-born Peruvian geographer and scientist Antonio Raimondi in the latter half of the 19th century. The work was compiled from extensive and detailed notes Raimondi took while criss-crossing the country, studying the nation's geography, geology, meteorology, botany, zoology, ethnography, and archaeology; "El Perú" focuses to some extent on each of these topics and others. The first volume was published in 1874; several more volumes were published both before Raimondi's death and posthumously from his notes, the last being released in 1913, making a five volume set. The volumes are a classic example of exploration scholarship, and form one of the earliest and broadest scientific reviews of Peru's natural and cultural heritage.
Vic Hey (1912-1995), member of the Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame.

Random number generation may also be done by humans directly.
Kudal is a census town in Sindhudurg district, Maharashtra, India. It is situated on Karli River in southwest Maharashtara. Kudal is the second-largest town in Sindhudurg after Sawantwadi. As of 2011, the population is more than 25,000. Kudal supports one MIDC area. A railway station in Kudal on the KRCL route connects Mumbai and Mangalore. The Deccan Odyssey train also stops in Kudal. National Highway 17 passes through Kudal.
Cricket writer, Colin Bateman, stated, "he was the best slow left-arm bowler Lancashire had seen this century and, at 22, was in the Test side, seemingly set for life. Hilton, however, sufffered the spinners' nightmare, the jitters, and lost his way at times". Bateman added, "He also, say colleagues, enjoyed cricket's social life a little too much although his 1,006 first-class wickets still cost only 19 apiece".
Following renewed publicity about Lewthwaite's activities in 2013, Naledi Pandor, the South African Minister of Home Affairs, issued a statement saying that the passport had been "fraudulently acquired" using birth registration documents in the name of Natalie Faye Webb, and had been issued by the passport agency in Durban. Pandor said that they had determined that Lewthwaite first entered South Africa in July 2008 and "travelled in and out of the country on several occasions." The passport had been cancelled and added to a "stop list" in 2011.
Ted Healy is a salesman for the Schmidt Costume Shop who likes to hang out at the fire station where Moe (billed as "Harry Howard"), Larry and Shemp (along with Fred Sanborn) work. Old man Schmidt spends more time building crazy inventions (typical of devices by writer/cartoonist Rube Goldberg) than tending to his business; as a consequence he is bankrupt and his business is taken over by his creditors, who send a young man named Carlson to manage the business. Carlson immediately falls for Mr. Schmidt's niece, Louise, but she resists him.

Madonna has only featured the song on one of her concert tours, the 2004 Re-Invention World Tour, using elements from the Orbital remix and shown as a video interlude. During it, three acrobatic dancers dropped from the ceiling on swings, while the screens showed scenes of Madonna wearing a white costume while singing in front of a mirror and lying down on a big scanner. A white horse can be seen with her during the video riding on a white desert and running through white sheets. As the interlude ended, Madonna appeared on stage again to sing "Nothing Fails".
This operation is equivalent to a substitution:
El Chorro ("The Spurt") is a small village located in Málaga (Andalusia) in southern Spain, near the town of Álora. It is one of the most popular rock climbing attractions in Spain as it is located next to "Desfiladero de los Gaitanes" "("Gorge of the Gaitanes")", This village is also frequented by mountain bikers, hikers, and campers.
Coordinated efforts to create a national background check system did not materialize until after the March 1981 assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan. White House press secretary, James Brady, was seriously wounded in the attack, and afterward his wife, Sarah Brady, spearheaded the push to pass the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (Brady Act) of 1993. When signed into law in November of that year, the Brady Act included a GCA amendment that created the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS).
Season's Greetings from moe.
ROKR can refer to:
General George C. Marshall, US Army Chief of Staff, stated, "Adequate reinforcements for the Philippines, at this time, would have left the United States in a position of great peril, should there be a break in the defense of Great Britain."
Live performances.
Jameel “Big Time” McCline (born May 20, 1970) is a professional heavyweight boxer, notable for his size, at 6'6" and over 260 lbs. He retired in 2012.
The giant gourami, "Osphronemus goramy", is a species of gourami believed to be originally native to Southeast Asia, with its occurrence in other locations due to introductions. This species is commercially important as a food fish and is also farmed. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. The species has also been used for weed control, as it can be a voracious herbivore.
Mofongo outside of Puerto Rico.
The last tune recorded was "Tequila", essentially just a jam by the Flores Trio. There were three takes, and Danny Flores, who wrote the song, was also the man who actually spoke the word "Tequila!". Flores also played the trademark "dirty sax" solo. The song served as the B-side for "Train to Nowhere", which was released by Challenge Records on January 15, 1958. Duvall recalls that the record initially found little success, but, after a DJ in Cleveland played the B-side, "Tequila" skyrocketed up the charts, reaching #1 on the Billboard chart on March 28, 1958.
