Prominent members of the time included Joseph Maunder's carriage and blacksmithing works, W.M Burden's carriage shop, Edwin Mark's foundry, Isaac Finley's steam roller flour mill, Dr George Wesley Hall MD and the Davidson's flour mill. The railway was brought into Lindsay around the turn of the century. This however, did little to advance Little Britain's economic output. In fact the population of Mariposa Township declined sharply between 1871-1920 from 3,132 to 2,231.
South Campus.
Biography.
Etymology.
Project cancellation.
"Close Combatman are the main role for quick actions such as flanking, ordered on point when you’re covering ground, and handed the flag when it’s time to make the last run. They're generally fast, and prefer to dodge paintballs then engage the opposing team at every instant.
Shock Trauma trains physicians and medical personnel from locations overseas and throughout the United States. In addition to training residents at the University of Maryland itself, the facility hosts emergency-medicine and surgery residents from all over the United States and Canada. Shock Trauma receives over 7500 admissions per year and provides its residents with intensive training in the evaluation and management of both blunt and penetrating injury.
In 1788, the first description of "S. minor" was written by Thomas Walter. The specific epithet "minor" means "small" and refers to the typical size of the pitchers. The common name refers to the characteristic lid of this species. 
Notable politicians who were once Chancellor include Robert Borden, Prime Minister of Canada, Roland Michener, Governor General of Canada, and provincial premiers Peter Lougheed and Charles Avery Dunning. Many alumni have gained international prominence for serving in government, such as Prince Takamado, member of the Imperial House of Japan; and Kenneth O. Hall, formerly Governor General of Jamaica. The 28th Governor General of Canada, David Johnston, was a former graduate and faculty member of the university. Three Canadian premiers graduated from Queen's, William Aberhart, the 7th Premier of Alberta, Frank McKenna, the 27th Premier of New Brunswick, and Kathleen Wynne, the 25th Premier of Ontario. The 14th Premier of Alberta, Alison Redford studied at the university for two years. Thomas Cromwell, a Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada was also a graduate from the university. Minister of National Defence, Rob Nicholson http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/iraq-crisis-canadians-on-the-ground-in-iraq-rob-nicholson-says-1.2759676Minister of Foreign Affairs, John Baird http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/john-baird-says-world-must-support-fight-against-toxic-isis-1.2771883
