
Cultural elements in Kent include various arts, environmental, and entertainment events during the year, as well as the Kent State University Museum. The Kent Heritage Festival is held every July in the downtown area, coinciding with the U.S. Independence Day. The festival includes crafts, booths, entertainment, train rides, 5K and 10K races, and fireworks, drawing approximately 25,000 people each year. In October, Kent hosts the homecoming festivities for Kent State University, including a parade down East Main Street as well as other events and activities both on campus and around the city. Also in October, the downtown area hosts an annual, yet unofficial, Halloween celebration, which usually takes place the last Saturday of October. The event typically draws thousands, largely Kent State students, and includes many who dress in costume. In 2007 Main Street Kent, a local organization that promotes downtown Kent, created a family-oriented Halloween event downtown that precedes the unofficial celebration. Since 2007, Kent has hosted an annual environmental festival known as "Who's Your Mama?" which takes place in conjunction with Earth Day. The festival has events at various locations in the city, such as a vegan chef competition, concerts, a film festival, guest speakers, and booths on environment-based topics. Through Main Street Kent, additional events downtown include an ice cream social event in August, an outdoor concert series and "sidewalk cinema" between May and September, an art and wine festival in June, a cider festival in November, and the Festival of Lights Christmas celebration in early December.
Brother Cadfael has two novices assisting him in his herb and vegetable gardens: John (practical, down-to-earth, whose vocation Cadfael doubts) and the ambitious Columbanus (of whose illness Cadfael is sceptical, although he treats him with sedating poppy syrup). Columbanus and Brother Jerome, Robert's clerk, go to Saint Winifred's Well in North Wales for a cure. When they return Columbanus says Saint Winifred appeared to him, saying that her grave at Gwytherin was neglected; she wished to lie somewhere more accessible to pilgrims.

Author.
Yoon Sung-Hwan (Hangul:윤성환) (born October 8, 1981, in Busan, South Korea) is a starting pitcher who plays for the Samsung Lions in the Korea Baseball Organization. His nickname is "Yoon Taeja" (Crown Prince Yoon), for being the best pitcher that Sun Dong-Yeol has trained.
Bloes attended Middletown High School and played college soccer at Shippensburg University, where he set new school records for goals (51) and points (130), and finished second in school history with 28 assists. As a senior in 2007, he scored 13 goals and 35 points en route to his second straight Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference Athlete of the Year Award; he was also named the Division II Northeast Region Player of the Year. Bloes was a three-time All-PSAC First Team selection, and in 2007, he became only the second player in school history to earn Division II First Team All-American honors.
Physical properties.
The parish was closed at the end of 2009.
The Sunshine Club.
Nancy Sinatra recorded a cover-version of the song for her 1966 album "Nancy in London" and in 2007 this version of the song was used in a TV commercial for Vodafone mobile telephone services in the U.K. Steve Lawrence's 1973 revival reached #46 in the Billboard Easy Listening survey.
