

Except as for S. 2(1), the provisions of Cr.P.C. shall apply to the proceedings before a Special Judge. Hence, the court of the Special Judge shall be deemed to be a Court of Session and the person conducting a prosecution before a Special Judge shall be deemed to be a public prosecutor.

James' sister Lauren Adams and a younger agent, Kevin Sumner, are also going on the mission. James sneaks into Lauren's room in the early morning and installs a tracking device in her cellphone. He is about to leave when his friend Bruce Norris (who has broken up with his girlfriend Bethany Parker) agrees to join them. Together, they go and meet Helena Bayliss, runner of charity "Guilt Trips", journalist Hugh Verhoeven and former businessman Dion Frei, who are working to discredit Abdullah. Lauren and Kevin go on a shopping trip with the daughter and son of Tan Abdullah, and James, using the tracking device in Lauren's phone, invites paparazzi to their locations, embarrassing Tan Abdullah's family. Meanwhile, Frei, claiming to act on behalf of the French government, offers Abdullah a weapons deal that is more favourable than Britain's offer and secretly films Abdullah making disparaging remarks about the Malaysian Prime Minister. When Abdullah's actions are revealed to the media, Abdullah commits suicide to avoid further embarrassment.
Harvard's coach called his play "inspiring," and the "New York Times" wrote: The way he smashed through the line was considerable... there were even some protests that this dark-haired, sturdily built Crimson fullback was a little too rough.
Jeff competed in various historic race events until 2000.
<doc id="20058402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20058402" title="Corey May">
As with all Paralympic powerlifting events, lifters competed in the bench press. Each athlete was allowed three attempts to bench press as much weight as possible. Athletes attempting to break a record were allowed a fourth attempt. For the attempt to be valid, the competitor must have lowered the weighted bar to his chest, held it motionless for a moment, then pressed the bar upwards until his arms were fully extended. If the competitor failed to meet these requirements or any other rule infraction was committed, the attempt was declared invalid by a team of three referees and the result struck from the record.

N. Sokolow, "Sefer Zikkaron", p. 6, Warsaw, 1888.
Disterheft grew up in the District of North Vancouver, British Columbia where she attended Handsworth Secondary School. Upon graduation, she won scholarship to attend Humber College in Toronto where she studied under Don Thompson.
The 2008/09 Antarctic campaign was named Operation Musashi after the 17th-century Japanese strategist Miyamoto Musashi. On December 4, 2008, actress Daryl Hannah joined Sea Shepherd's crew aboard the "Steve Irwin" to take part in this season's operation.
0|- DARK AND LIGHT
There were almost no Jehovah's Witnesses in the Soviet Union until its annexation of the Baltic States, Western Belarus, Western Ukraine, Bessarabia, and Northern Bukovina; most of them were located in the Moldavian SSR and Ukrainian SSR. Jehovah's Witnesses came into the conflict with the Soviet power, primarily because of their refusal to join the military. Their teachings were soon regarded as anti-Soviet. Members of religious groups, mostly Jehovah's Witnesses, qualified as religious elements considered a potential danger for the communist regime. In November 1950, Viktor Abakumov reported an idea to Stalin about their deportation, and Stalin suggested to plan this for March–April 1951.
Freshman Season.
Abraham was released by Barcelona in the 2009 summer, joining Cádiz CF as the Andalusia club had just returned to division two after a one-year absence. He appeared regularly for the Andalusians, who were immediately relegated back.
Vijayaratnam was a former Paulian. He studied in Saint Paul's Institution. He was married to Datin Anuncia Tharumaratnam. Their four children are Ashta, Ayra, Seeralan and Ahlya. From 1997 to 1999, he was a member of the Seremban Municipal Council. In 2002, he became a Malaysian senator, and in 2006 he was Parliamentary Secretary for the Plantation Industries and Commodities Ministry. He was also PGRM International Affairs and Ethnic Relations Bureau chairman and SLC, Negeri Sembilan Vice-Chairman, Sunngai Ujong Branch chairman. Besides political offices he was also an involved with a number of professional and social bodies. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society for the Promotion of Health in London, England. In 1999, he was made an Honorary Fellow of the Indian College of General Practitioners of New Delhi, and in 2007 he was made a Fellow of Faculty of Occupational Medicine, Royal College of Physicians, of Ireland.

2009.
History.
Cinco Villas

The planet is home to only few people mostly because it is believed that its mist-covered valleys are occupied by wraiths, claimed to have killed a number of humans. Wraiths are also the main things that attract visitors to the place. The only establishment on the planet is a hotel (Castle Cloud) mounted on top of one of the mountains. The castle is visited by Wraith-Hunters, people looking for a thrill, for something unknown, unexplored.
<doc id="20068197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20068197" title="KkStB Class 229">
Squadron remained in Western Pacific, although largely demobilized in the fall of 1945. Some aircraft scrapped on Tinian; others flown to storage depots in the United States. Remained as a paper unit assigned to Twentieth Air Force until inactivated in 1946.
