The word Patil could also have derived from 'Patilki'. 'Patu' means "Clever", and "patta" means "Chief". The person who established the village used to become Patil. Patil used to become known, because of Village recognition. Patil was not a government post or self occupied post. Virtues and works of the person used to make him a Patil. Later on this post became hereditary. Patil became the Village King and later received Government honor, even after receiving many posts. The Sardars means "soldiers" who did not give up Patilship. In some places Patils are known as 'Mokaddam' or 'Mukadam' meaning is Chief Man (King of Village).
Formerly brewed under contract:
Francisco and the Rangers agreed to a one-year contract of $3.265 million, thereby avoiding arbitration for the 2010 season.
Career.
In 1939 the Portuguese government commissioned a heroic statue of Cabrillo and donated it to the United States. The sandstone statue, executed by sculptor Alvaro de Bree, is tall and weighs . The statue was intended for the Golden Gate International Exposition in San Francisco but arrived too late and was stored in an Oakland, California garage. Then-State Senator Ed Fletcher managed to obtain the statue in 1940 over the objections of Bay Area officials and shipped it to San Diego. It was stored for several years on the grounds of the Naval Training Center San Diego, out of public view, and was finally installed at Cabrillo Monument in 1949. The sandstone statue suffered severe weathering because of its exposed position and was replaced in 1988 by a replica made of limestone. 
Family.
Abu Jahl then backed off hearing these lines. Ibn ‘Abbās says that if Abu Jahl had called his gang to hurt the Messenger, then Allah would have sent upon him the angels of punishment to deal with him.
FreeRTOS
Notably, the EC was the first medium format SLR with an electronically controlled shutter, while the EC-TL was the first medium format camera with automatic exposure. The range of Nikkor lenses for these remarkable cameras reached from 30 mm (fisheye) to 1200 mm and comprised about 30 lenses. Lenses from Sankyo Kohki Komura, Zeiss Jena, and Bronica itself were available, as well as a wide range of accessories, including different film magazines, bellows, and viewfinders.
The closest game of the first round was between Canada and Namibia. John Davison, who at the time held the record for the fastest century in the Cricket World Cup made 125, supported by Ian Billcliff's 90 as the North Americans put on 284. In reply, Namibia came close, making 282 to lose by 2 runs in Group B's first heavyweight clash, thanks to Canada's captain, Kevin Sandher's five wickets. Namibia put in a protest, however, claiming that the scoring in the 45th over was wrong. The technical committee turned down Namibia's protest, which prompted Namibia to put in an appeal. Namibia's appeal against the technical committee's ruling was turned down, meaning that Canada retain the 2 points they won on 1 July.
List of Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom

Iryna Vilde.

<doc id="2153142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2153142" title="Sergio Casal">
