Maine Senator Olympia Snowe said in 2004 that the region is disadvantaged by the fact that it was the only region in the United States for which a federal High Priority Corridor was not designated in the 1991 Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act.
From "Voice and the Actor":
The earliest known name for Great Britain is "Albion" (Ἀλβίων) or "insula Albionum", from either the Latin "albus" meaning white (referring to the white cliffs of Dover, the first view of Britain from the continent) or the "island of the "Albiones"", first mentioned in the "Massaliote Periplus" in the 6th century BC, and by Pytheas.
Neuronal PAS domain-containing protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "NPAS2" gene.
<doc id="13530915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13530915" title="TRPC7">

On September 11, the Supreme Court of the Philippines promulgated a temporary restraining order (TRO) on the $329-million national broadband network (NBN) contract between the Philippine government and China's ZTE based on separate certiorari suits filed by Iloilo Vice-Governor and former Representative Rolex Suplico and Joey de Venecia III. Under political pressure from the opposition group, the court gave ZTE fifteen days to comment on the injunction. Suplico, a former opposition congressman, alleged that the agreement was sealed without public bidding and violated the Telecoms Policy Act, which required privatization of all telecommunications facilities. Congressman Padilla sued DOTC and ZTE officials of violating the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act, the Telecommunications Policy Act, the Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) Act and the Government Procurement Act at the Office of the Ombudsman. AHI also petitioned the Court to direct the DOTC to provide copies of the contract, since it should have won the same. The younger de Venecia testified on September 18 that Mike Arroyo, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo's husband, personally told him to "back off" from pursuing the NBN project.
Scientific interests.
Time and cost.
◾1957 - First log shipment to Japan - 158 tonnes.
