In 318, Liu Can and the state ruling family at Pingyang were toppled and executed by the coup d'etat of Jin Zhun, who was in turn overthrown by Shi Le and Liu Yao. Liu Yao, as an imperial prince, claimed the throne and changed the dynastic name from Han to Zhao. The Han Zhao dynasty lasted until 329, when Shi Le defeated Liu Yao at the river Luo. Liu Yao was captured and executed, and his sons were as well, a year later.

Campus Ministry runs several different retreat programs during the academic year. The Frosh Getaway, offered annually on a September weekend, is an opportunity for freshmen, led by sophomore leaders, to get to know their new classmates and to adjust to college life with a fun stress-free weekend. The Retreat on the Rock is designed as a college adaptation of Kairos-style retreats, a great opportunity to grow closer to God and His love. The Fifth Week Retreat is intended as a follow-up to Kairos, Search, TEC, Retreat on the Rock, or similar style retreats, offering ample time for personal reflection and group discussion. The Busy Persons Retreat, offered annually in the spring, is an opportunity for spiritual guidance and reflection within the context and schedule demands of daily college life. The SuperNatural Christian's retreat is a six-day backpacking retreat in upper Michigan's Sylvania Wilderness Tract. This retreat is offered biannually along with the Lumberjack Service retreat, which offers students the chance to travel to Michigan's Keweenaw Peninsula (specifically the town of Hancock) and chop wood for elderly residents of the area.
The matrix formula_14 has "n" columns (the "j"-th column is the
The same story pattern appears in numerous other cultures: "Tom Tit Tot" in England (from "English Tales" by Joseph Jacobs), "Whuppity Stoorie" in Scotland (from Robert Chambers's "Popular Rhymes of Scotland"), "Gilitrutt" in Iceland, "Joaidane" جعيدان in Arabic (he who talks too much), "Khlamushka" Хламушка (junker) in Russia, "Rumplcimprcampr"/ "Rampelnik" in Czech Republic, "Martinko Klingáč" in Slovakia, "Ruidoquedito" (meaning "little noise") in South America, "Pancimanci" in Hungary (from "A Csodafurulya" by Kolozsvari Grandpierre Emil), "Cvilidreta" (whine-screamer) in Serbia and Croatia, "Tremotino" in Italy, "Ootz-li Gootz-li" עוּץ-לי גוּץ-לי in Israel (a compact and rhymy touch to the original sentence and meaning of the story, "He advised me and then turned me into a joke"), "Daiku to Oniroku" ("daiku" means "a carpenter", "to" means "and", and "Oniroku" is an ogre's name), "大工と鬼六" in Japan and "Myrmidon" in France.
Valuations of intangible assets are often necessary for financial reporting and intellectual property transactions.

Ahbez was born in Brooklyn, New York, to a Jewish father and a Scottish-English mother, and spent his early years in the Brooklyn Hebrew Orphan Asylum of New York, which branched off from the Hebrew Orphan Asylum. He was then adopted, in 1917, by a family in Chanute, Kansas, and raised under the name George McGrew.
In Little League Baseball, the DH is not used. However, a league may adopt a rule which requires all players present and able to play to be listed in the batting order (such that the order contains more than nine players), and thus all players will have a turn to bat even when they are not assigned a fielding position.
