Schistosoma intercalatum
The Trust was founded in 1862 by London-based American banker George Peabody, who in the 1850s had developed a great affection for London, and determined to make a charitable gift to benefit it. His initial ideas included a system of drinking fountains (comparable to the Metropolitan Drinking Fountain and Cattle Trough Association scheme actually set up by Samuel Gurney and Edward Thomas Wakefield in 1859), or a contribution to the "ragged schools" of the Earl of Shaftesbury. In March 1859, however, he settled on establishing a model dwellings company. Three years later, in a letter to "The Times" on 26 March 1862, he launched the Peabody Donation Fund, with an initial gift of £150,000. The aim of the organisation, he said, would be to "ameliorate the condition of the poor and needy of this great metropolis, and to promote their comfort and happiness". The paper reported, "We have today to announce an act of beneficence unexampled in its largeness and in the time and manner of the gift". Shortly before his death in 1869, Peabody increased his gift to a munificent £500,000.
Manhattan Community Board 6 is a local government unit of New York City, New York, United States. Its area of responsibility encompasses the East Side of Manhattan from 14th Street to 59th Street. This includes the neighborhoods of Gramercy Park, Stuyvesant Town, Peter Cooper Village, Waterside Plaza, Murray Hill, Kips Bay, Turtle Bay, Tudor City, and Sutton Place. The eastern and western borders are the East River and Lexington Avenue, except between 34th Street and 40th Street, where the area extends west to Madison Avenue, and between 20th Street and 22nd Street where it extends west to Park Avenue South.
Latham is a Scotland Yard detective who appears in "She-Wolf of London". He is played by Lloyd Corrigan. He served under Inspector Pierce. When a number of vicious attacks and murders began occurring in a London park, Latham caused Pierce much grief with his off-the-wall theories that it was the work of a werewolf. While assisting constables in the nighttime hunt for the killer, Latham fell victim to the She-Wolf herself, Martha Winthrop. Martha cut Latham's throat, and he died before he could be taken to a hospital.
Since Weneg's name first became known to Egyptologists, scholars have been trying to match the nebti name of Weneg to contemporary Horus-kings. The following sections discuss some of the theories.
One of Pratt's slaves, Charles Atwood, purchased a house in the center of Prattville immediately after emancipation and became one of the founding investors in his former master's railroad ventures. The presence of a respected middle-class black family in the center of a 19th-century Southern city was exceptional.
"Sniper 2" tells the story of a Marine sniper and a spotter who are tasked with assassinating a Serbian general responsible for ethnic cleansing attacks. It is the sequel to the 1993 film "Sniper" and the second installment in the "Sniper" film series.
The party contested the election on an anti-corruption platform. The Fiji Labour Party, which dominated the council, had recently suspended nine councillors - its entire council membership - in the wake of revelations that they had granted taxi bases to friends and colleagues. The SCRA called for the same standards of accountability that are required of parliamentarians to be applicable to municipal councillors. 
<doc id="2198242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2198242" title="Resurrection Mary">
MainStreet.com.
Lisa Pifer aka: Lisafer (born 1967) is an American bass player and song writer from Los Angeles. She has played in many punk bands, including U.X.A., Nina Hagen, D.I., Snap-her, and Lisafer. She is of German-Dutch descent.
Common types.
Before the war, Belgium had pursued a policy of neutrality and only became an Allied member after being invaded by Germany on 10 May 1940. During the ensuing fighting, Belgian forces fought alongside French and British forces against the invaders. While the British and French were struggling against the fast German advance elsewhere on the front, the Belgian forces were pushed into a pocket to the north. Finally on 28 May, the King Leopold III surrendered himself and his military to the Germans, having decided the Allied cause was lost. The legal Belgian government was reformed as a government in exile in London. Belgian troops and pilots continued to fight on the Allied side as the Free Belgian Forces. Belgium itself was occupied, but a sizeable Resistance was formed and was loosely coordinated by the government in exile and other Allied powers.
Four Turbine players travelled along with the German national team to the 2003 World Cup in the USA. Nadine Angerer, Ariane Hingst, Viola Odebrecht and Conny Pohlers went on to become world champions. In the third round of the German cup, Potsdam faced the Hamburger SV again. Hamburg led 1–0 until the dying minutes of the game until Viola Odebrecht equalised with a desperate shot. Jennifer Zietz scored the game winner in overtime. Turbine reached the final for the first time where they faced their arch rivals 1. FFC Frankfurt. Turbine dominated the match, won 3–0 and clinched their first German cup. During the winter break, Turbine won the Indoor Championship. This was their first post-reunification trophy.
Print modeling.
On August 12, 2006, he married his girlfriend of five years, actress Rachel Klein. The two wed in Huntington's hometown before heading off to Turtle Island Resort in Fiji for their honeymoon. The couple have a son named Charlie, and a daughter.
Yo-yo club
Dirge appeared in the 1986 story and coloring book "The Lost Treasure of Cybertron" by Marvel Books.
Radivoj Korać
On 21 September 1995 the Supreme Court of Canada upheld the Tobacco Products Control Act as legal, forcing the tobacco companies operating in Canada to print hazard warnings on all cigarette packs. However, the Court struck down the requirement that the health warnings be unattributed, as this requirement violated the right to free speech, further ruling that it was in the federal government's jurisdiction to pass such laws, as it fell under the peace, order and good government clause. Recently, sin taxes have been added to tobacco products, with the objective of decreasing usage by making the products less affordable. Currently, radio ads, television commercials, event sponsoring, promotional giveaways and other types of brand advertising are prohibited as well as in-store product displays. However, certain forms of advertising are permitted, such as print advertisements in magazines with an adult readership of 85% minimum.
There is considerable debate about who the parents of Anna were. According to the Bychowiec Chronicle, a late and unreliable source, Anna was a sister of Yuri Svyatoslavich, the last sovereign ruler of Smolensk. A document from 1413 mentions a "Russian duke Basil" as Vytautas's brother-in-law. Indeed, one of Anna's (and Yuri's) brothers was named Basil. For a long time this was the only theory about her origins. However, no other contemporary sources mention this relationship even though Lithuania and Smolensk were at war several times. The First Lithuanian Chronicle, the basis for which was written while Vytautas was still alive, describes in detail how wars against Smolensk was waged in 1386, 1395, 1401, and 1404, but mentions nothing about Vytautas and Yuri being in-laws.
The western flank is named Willie Wife Moor for reasons lost to antiquity. It is bounded by Birkside Gill to the north and Raise Beck to the south, Reggle Knott being the only area of rough ground. At the base of the slope Raise Beck flows north to Thirlmere, having been diverted as a part of the 1884 reservoir project. It previously turned south down the other side of Dunmail Raise pass to feed Grasmere. Prior to this diversion, Dollywaggon Pike was distinctive in that its drainage reached the sea at more widely spread points than any other Lakeland Fell, with Raise Beck going through Grasmere and Windermere to reach Morecambe Bay, Birkside Gill going through Thirlmere and Derwent Water to reach the Irish Sea at Workington and Grisedale Beck draining into Ullswater and then to the sea at the Solway Firth. This is still the case today when there is enough water in Raise Beck for it to flow both north and south, but normally Seat Sandal now has this distinction.
In April of the following year, he was appointed ambassador in Paris. When World War I broke out, in spite of his Triplicist policy he openly expressed himself in favour of Italian neutrality, and on Italy's entry into the war he was careful not to compromise himself with Giolitti's attitude. But he was not at his ease in the French capital, and in November 1916 he resigned from the Paris embassy. On the fall of the Orlando Cabinet in June 1919, the new Premier, Francesco Saverio Nitti, chose Tittoni as Foreign Minister and first delegate at the Paris Peace Conference, but the severe strain of the work told on his health and he was forced to resign in November. He was chosen president of the Italian Senate in December 1919, and soon after was appointed Italian delegate on the Council and Assembly of the League of Nations, but ill-health again forced him to relinquish the latter two appointments. He remained president of the Senate until January 1929.
The boundaries of the Roxburgh, Selkirk and Peebles constituency were unaltered when the results of the Second Periodical Review were implemented for the February 1974 general election.

<doc id="2200515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2200515" title="Hallonbergen">
<doc id="2200630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2200630" title="Ah Beng">
Discography.
FC Dordrecht is a football club from the city of Dordrecht in the Netherlands, currently playing in the Eredivisie.
