Liechtenstein ("bright stone") Castle is the origin of the name of the Liechtenstein family, the ruling house of the country of the same name, which owned the castle from at least 1140 until the 13th century and again from 1807 onwards.
<doc id="1328721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1328721" title="Ullevål University Hospital">
Prehistory.
David Lascelles, 8th Earl of Harewood
Sitarski is about to make off with Betty when she is rescued by Wally, who knocks Sitarski cold. They find Kelso, who informs them about the sub. Wearing an army uniform, Wally commandeers Tree's tank and heads toward Pacific Ocean Amusement Park. Ward begins firing at the submarine, causing massive damage to his house in the process. The submarine returns fire, hitting the Ferris wheel, which rolls into the ocean. The tank sinks when the pier collapses. Kelso drives a motorbike into the ocean and swims to the submarine, where he is captured by the Japanese; undaunted, he declares, "Take me to Tokyo!"
One of the best known portrayals of Jersey on the small screen was the BBC's crime drama - "Bergerac", featuring John Nettles as Jim Bergerac as a policeman in "Le Bureau des Étrangers" (a fictional department, based on the real "Bureau des Étrangers", for dealing with non-Jersey residents). This was filmed mainly in Jersey, but storylines increasingly moved further afield to England and France.
Bridge (nautical)
Akins's first single was "What They're Talkin' About", a No. 35 on the "Billboard" country charts in late 1994, followed by the No. 36 "I Brake for Brunettes". After these first two singles came his signature song, "That Ain't My Truck". This was his breakthrough hit, peaking at No. 3 on the country charts in mid-1995. All three of these songs were included on his 1995 debut album "A Thousand Memories", which also produced the No. 17 "She Said Yes". Also in 1995 and 1996, Akins toured with Reba McEntire.
Koczalski was highly esteemed as a performer of Chopin in Germany, where he lived during the 1920s and 1930s. In that period he toured in France, Italy and Poland, but (despite many invitations) not in the United States of America. He was interned in Berlin during the Second World War, and in 1945 he went to live in Poznan, accepting a post as professor in the State Higher School of Music. As a performer, the complete works of Chopin and the complete Beethoven sonatas lay at the core of a very extensive repertoire from the classical and romantic genres. He was considered one of the greatest interpreters of Chopin's music and one of the greatest pianists of his time, with a very liquid technique, smooth balance and interpretations that did not take the liberties of many of his contemporaries but which remained closer to the written score. His reputation may have been damaged by his refusal to give concerts in the USA. His pupils included Detlew Kraus, Monique de La Bruchollerie, Hanna Rudnicka-Kruszewska, Wanda Losakiewicz and Irena Wyrzykowska-Mondelska.

Edmund Crouchback betrothed Maud to his son Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster. Henry and Maud were married sometime before 2 March 1297. Henry was probably born between the years 1280 and 1281, making him somewhat older than Maud, but not by much since they were either fourteen or fifteen-years-old. 

During the unveiling ceremony for Delta City and RoboCop 2/Cain, the Old Man presents a canister of Nuke as a symbol of the current crime wave. Cain, whose brain is still dependent on the drug, inhales the canister of the Nuke, goes berserk from the influence and attacks the crowd. RoboCop arrives and the two cyborgs conduct a running battle throughout the building. The rest of the police force arrives and engages Cain. RoboCop recovers the canister of Nuke and uses it to distract Cain, who stops fighting to administer the drug to himself, now fully addicted to the drug and unable to control himself. RoboCop leaps onto his back, punches through Cain's armor and rips out Cain's brain stem.
