Personal and civic life.

In its May 2007 review, "Publishers Weekly" wrote, "Continually contrasting the sparkling casinos above with the dank, cobwebbed catacombs below, the observant O'Brien writes with a noirish flair, but his compassion is also evident as he illuminates the lives of these shadowy subterranean dwellers."
The great break.
1. http://www.fourint.com/blog/2011/02/11/asklaila-in-500-cities/
!align="right"|100.00

<doc id="36242193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36242193" title="Portrait of my father (Dalí)">
Zapaday won an award as most promising start-up company across Europe at Tech Media Europe 2011 and was a 2012 Accenture Innovation Awards finalist.
"Elfsborg won 12–0 on aggregate."
Producers was formed in 2006 as a live act, allowing its members to play songs from their vast histories as record producers. They also wrote some new songs together (such as "Freeway" and "Barking Up The Right Tree") which they added to their live sets, before deciding to produce their own album. The album was originally announced as early as 2007 under the name "Studio 1", when "Barking Up The Right Tree" was released as a single with "Freeway" as a B-Side on the Stiff Records label. It was later renamed "Watching You Out There" (the name of a song which appears on the final product). At one point, following Chris Braide's departure when the band briefly went by the name 'US', the band had planned a concept album entitled "The Path of Sydney Arthur", which would have told the story of a man born on the same day as the 1969 moon landing. "Made in Basing Street" is the final product of these six years' work by the band. Though Chris Braide was no longer a member of the band by the time the album was completed, he receives writing and production credits on every track.
<doc id="36243981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36243981" title="Arnold Burrowes Kemball">
Elliot was fatally shot at close range by RHC gunmen as he was getting into his car after leaving a friend's house in Primacy Park, Bangor, County Down on 28 September 1995. One bullet hit him in the back of the neck and another went through his ear, killing him instantly. When a woman came upon his body, he was still clutching his car keys. Elliot had been lured to the house by other RHC members on the orders of the unnamed commander of the group. His killing was sanctioned by both the UVF and RHC as a punishment for the brutal death of Margaret Wright which had provoked a public outcry and "tarnished" the RHC's image. According to Jim Cusack and Henry McDonald, Elliot had been a drug dealer and this too had helped to seal his fate as the RHC commander was strongly opposed to drug dealing by members of the organisation. The authors subsequently claimed that the killing had been carried out by Frankie Curry, a claim Curry himself corrobroated in an interview shortly before his own death in 1999. Billy Hutchinson of the UVF-linked Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) offered the following statement justifying Elliot's punishment killing: "No one but close relatives will miss Elliot. The fact is, with him gone Northern Ireland's a wee bit safer place for all of us to live".
Members.

Prevention Point Philadelphia was founded in 1991 by a group of UP Philadelphia activists in response to the HIV & AIDS epidemic. That year, injected drug use was the most common risk category for people being diagnosed with HIV infection. At the time, it was illegal to distribute syringes/needles in Pennsylvania, and the activists risked jail time for their work.
