Pedro Vial, or Pierre Vial, (born ca. 1746, Lyon, France—died October 1814, Santa Fe, New Mexico), was a French explorer and frontiersman who lived among the Comanche and Wichita Indians for many years. He later worked for the Spanish government as a peacemaker, guide, and interpreter. He blazed trails across the Great Plains to connect the Spanish and French settlements in Texas, New Mexico, Missouri, and Louisiana. He led three Spanish expeditions that attempted unsuccessfully to intercept and halt the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
<doc id="38214973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38214973" title="Ralph F. DellaCamera Stadium">

Investors placed bullish bets in the six weeks from January through February 8, 2013, on oil futures based on the U.S. central bank's bond-buying program that "adds liquidity to the financial markets." The demand, and therefore the price, of commodities in general and oil in particular falls if and when such a program is scaled back. Even a rumor that a hedge fund is in trouble and was liquidating positions can cause the price of U.S. crude oil to fall. Signs of strong demand of crude oil from China and India with hopes of a tighter market can raise the price and even an oil rally. Investors also refer to the Energy Information Administration reports on U.S. inventories of commercial crude oil. The higher the inventory of crude oil, the lower the price. U.S. inventories of commercial crude oil hit their highest level in February 15, 2013 since July 2012."
Linby Baptist Church.
Back in Syria, he played an important role in securing the Umayyad family's nomination of the experienced, though elderly, Marwan ibn al-Hakam as Caliph, instead of Yazid's young grandson Khalid ibn Mu'awiya. The leading Umayyad commander, Ubayd Allah ibn Ziyad, then sent him to the Jazira, where, on 6 January 685, he defeated the Shi'a sect of the Penitents at the Battle of 'Ayn al-Warda. Husayn also participated in the attempted reconquest of Iraq under Ubayd Allah ibn Ziyad, and like him fell at the Battle of Khazir on 5 or 6 August 686.
Osteodiscus is a genus of snailfishes native to the Pacific Ocean.
Anthologies.
Vishal Bharat (born 20 November 1978) is a British Virgin Islands cricketer. Bharat is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break.

A funeral is held for Dr. Archie Hopper (Raphael Sbarge). Mary Margaret (Ginnifer Goodwin) eulogizes him, saying they will always think of him when they listen to their consciences. Hopper, actually alive and held prisoner by Captain Hook (Colin O'Donoghue), is interrogated by his captor. Hook is aggravated that Hopper knows nothing about the Dark One's dagger; he threatens Hopper with dissection and demands to know of Rumplestiltskin's other weaknesses. Hopper's response is not shown, but Hook soon attacks Belle at the library. She recognizes him from the Evil Queen's palace and, by pushing a bookshelf onto him, is able to hold him off long enough to seal herself securely inside the freight elevator. She calls Gold and he comes to rescue her. There is no sign of Hook.
Kim Howard Johnson
