On their second drive of the quarter, Alabama began at their own 27–yard line. Le'Ron McClain caught a 7–yard pass on the first play as the Alabama offense steadily moved down field to the 46–yard line. On a 2nd-and-6, Spencer Pennington completed a 40–yard pass to wide receiver Keith Brown as the offense moved the ball to the Minnesota 6–yard line. On a 3rd-and-goal situation, Minnesota's defense gave the Alabama offense an automatic first down, placing the ball at the 2–yard line. After a 1–yard rush, McClain ran into the endzone for a 1–yard touchdown as Alabama trailed 17–14 with less than three minutes left in the first half.
<doc id="14741389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14741389" title="Korean Academy of Taekwondo">

Winners.


"4 Minutes" is an uptempo dance-pop song, composed in an urban, hip hop style. It incorporates the effect of a marching band, a clanging beat and instrumentation from a brass that is played in a "scale-like riff", as described by Caryn Ganz from "Rolling Stone". Other musical instruments used are foghorns and cow bells. In "4 Minutes", Madonna and Timberlake sing and trade verses, the rhythm moves towards a hard clanging beat as Madonna sings the lines that the "road to hell is paved with good intentions." Madonna and Timberlake start singing the chorus with Timberlake singing the line of "We've only got four minutes to save the world". The track continues in the same momentum in the second verse and second chorus whence the track ends where every beat ceases except for Timbaland's characteristic bhangra beats, the brass riffs and Madonna singing the words "tick-tock" repeatedly, after which it ends.
Ellie also appears in the fifth season when her sister Zoey was kidnapped by terrorists and that her father stepped down from office under the 25th Amendment. In this episode, despite Abbey's hostility towards Jed, Ellie shows support to him when she comforts him after a fight with Abbey and when they are seen holding hands before a private mass for Zoey. She also reappears when her medical research into HPV in sex workers comes under fire by some Republicans in Congress. In this episode, a partial shot of a diploma suggests that she graduated from Carnegie Mellon University.
Watching a military parade (stock footage from World War I), the gang decides to enlist in order to "kill a million Japs". Rejected by the Army, Marines, and Navy for being too young, the punks help the war effort by throwing fruit at a shop they believe is owned by a Japanese American. Confronted by him wielding a short sword, the gang decides to come back at night but find him dead. Their father figure Police Lieutenant "Pops" Stevens tell them they should be ashamed of themselves as Keno, the owner of the shop, was Chinese, an ally of America and that Danny should be especially ashamed as his brother is in the service.


