Gleisdreieck (literally meaning "triangle of rails" in German) may refer to: 
Awards.
7.
Jyestha's images are rarely worshipped today. They are kept unrecognised in neglected corners in temples or thrown out of temples. Where they are still recognised, they are objects of fear. In a temple in Uttaramerur, the Jyestha image is kept with the face towards the ground. The mere glance of the goddess is believed to bring death on the village.
In 952 King Otto I of Germany ceded Istria together with the vast March of Verona and Aquileia to the Dukes of Bavaria. From 976 Verona was ruled by the Dukes of Carinthia, until in 1040 King Henry III established the separate March of Istria, which thereafter successively was controlled by various noble dynasties such as the Bavarian House of Andechs (temporarily ruling as Dukes of Merania). In 1208/09 it fell to the Patriarchs of Aquileia, while large parts of the estates were held by the comital House of Gorizia.
On August 5, 2013, it was reported that the DND was prompted to schedule a third bidding for the project because 14 companies have expressed interest to supply 21 Huey helicopters to the Air Force. A joint venture between Rice Aircraft and Canada-based Eagle Copter had won the bid, but failed on the post-qualification bidding over a discrepancy in paperwork submitted to the DND.

The Apostolic Church of Nigeria
Selected Exhibitions.
On 27 January, 2008 information about the orbital decay of USA-193 was given to the media. Several of the initial reports projected that the satellite would return to earth sometime in late February, early March. Additionally, these reports suggested that likely no action would need to be taken as the satellite or any debris would have a small chance of hitting any inhabited area. However, White House National Security Council spokesmen Gordon Johndroe, did mention that the U.S. government was monitoring the satellite’s decay and that it was examining different options to “mitigate any damage”. Also, four anonymous U.S. Officials did report that the satellite, which never became operational, would have toxic rocket fuel (hydrazine fuel) that could pose a danger if the tank did not explode on re-entry.
Frederick Nene Russell was the first representative for the Northern Maori electorate.
Assists.
In 1972 he was awarded the title of Merited Master of Sport of the USSR.
<doc id="27921792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27921792" title="Flat-chested kitten syndrome">
Mazzaferro

