Before and during World War II, some Corsican intellectuals staged pro-Italian propaganda and cultural activities in Italy (mainly in the "Gruppi di Cultura Corsa"). These included Marco Angeli, Bertino Poli, Marchetti, Luccarotti, Grimaldi and Petru Giovacchini (he was later proposed as a possible governor of Corsica if Italy had annexed it). The most renowned was Petru Giovacchini, who considered Pasquale Paoli (the hero of Corsica) as the precursor of Corsican irredentism in favor of the unification of the island to Italy. The "Gruppi di Cultura Corsa" of Giovacchini reached a membership of 72,000 members by 1940, according to the historian R.H. Rainero.

<doc id="14313642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14313642" title="Basu Higher Secondary School">
a The British Raj had ended in 1947. It is now India.<br>
Hawkins resides in Commerce, Texas and is still active with the Football program at A&M-Commerce and also in the Commerce community. His beloved wife Margaret passed away in 2012 after over 62 years of marriage. He also has two daughters, Kathy and Lu Anne, and one son, Ray. Hawkins himself had a health scare in the Summer of 2012 and was hospitalized while contracting West Nile Disease, but was treated and released a week later. Hawkins is often seen attending TAMUC Football games and practices and enjoys golfing, and is a long time member of the First Baptist Church of Commerce.
He was a keen amateur yachtsman and part-owner of an yacht, and joined the Royal Australian Naval Volunteer Reserve on the outbreak of war. He was posted to England and ended up at HMS Vernon, the Royal Navy's mine disposal and developing mine countermeasures establishment. He won the George Medal in 1941 for defusing a series of mines, and was awarded a bar to this in 1942 after defusing a mine lodged in a reservoir embankment in London.
Olfactory Receptors.
Torelli returned to Fano, designing a theatre, the Teatro della Fortuna, and a final stage setting for "Il trionfo della continenza" in 1677. He died in Fano.
Evaluation breakdown.
<doc id="14316359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14316359" title="Saumya Tandon">
