Career.
Political support.
Francis Austin Harding (September 26, 1917 in Boston, Massachusetts – February 25, 1991 Natick, Massachusetts) is a retired ice hockey player. Harding was named an All-American while at Harvard University. In 1938, he won the John Tudor Memorial Cup as the most valuable player. He was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in 1974.
<doc id="11306688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11306688" title="Phyllosticta caricae-papayae">
Greatest Hits ... And More
Freemasonry.
Magen Tzedek, described as “an organization that certifies kosher food to standards that meet or exceed best practices for the treatment of workers, animals, and the environment” was invited to participate in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's second Food and Justice Passover Seder in April 2012. 

<doc id="11308457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11308457" title="Jukka Laaksonen">

William P. Huffman was both a banker and a real estate developer; although some of the land in the neighborhood had already been developed before Huffman became involved, he spurred development by arranging for the construction of a street railway on Third Street. The area's early residents occupied numerous places on the socioeconomic spectrum, ranging from laborers to merchants and artisans to executives. Their presence together in the neighborhood can still be seen in the built environment, most of which was built between 1870 and 1890. Several major architectural styles of the late nineteenth century appear in the district, including the Gothic Revival, Italianate, and Queen Anne. Although the district's peak period of growth ended by 1890, construction continued over the next decade, but virtually nothing was built after 1900. Minimal changes since that time have left the neighborhood resembling its appearance of over a century ago, preserving it as an example of late 19th-century developmental patterns.


Rodeo.

At the top there is a radio and television transmitting tower, which extends above the top of the tall mountain. A road leading to the top has been built for maintenance access to the tower. This road starts in the village of Kvål in Melhus, but is closed to public vehicle access. It is however an excellent route for hiking.
Record label and debut album.
Aftermath.
There were also two large airport style metal detector arches on the front entrance through which all visitors had to pass, as no metal objects (except clothing) was allowed in the venue. There was also a complete ban on glass inside the venue.
