Politics.
Scrope's involvement in the conspiracy surprised contemporaries, and continues to puzzle historians. Ian Mortimer claims Scrope had merely insinuated himself into the confidence of Cambridge and Grey in order to betray the conspiracy, just as Edward, Duke of York had done with the Epiphany Rising in 1400, but was forestalled by Edmund Mortimer's revelation of the conspiracy to the King on 31 July. Pugh, however, finds Scrope's exculpatory statements at trial unconvincing, and states that Scrope never pretended that he had intended to inform the King of the conspiracy. Pugh also contends that "there was no plot in 1415 to assassinate Henry V and his three brothers and that heinous charge, by far the most sensational in the indictment, was fabricated to ensure that Cambridge, Gray and Scrope did not escape the death penalty as a well-deserved punishment for the various other offences that they undoubtedly had committed".
Electoral division of Nelson (Northern Territory)
Persons affected.
• Accountability
Overview.
The Coat of arms of Norway (Norwegian Bokmål: "Norges riksvåpen"; Nynorsk: "Noregs riksvåpen") is blazoned "Gules, a lion rampant Or, crowned Or, holding an axe Or with a blade argent", meaning that it is a standing golden lion bearing a golden crown and holding a golden axe with a silver blade, everything on a red background.
The crew activated the Station-to-Shuttle Power Transfer System (SSPTS) after docking. The SSPTS transfers electrical power from the station to the shuttle, allowing the shuttle to conserve its own power generating resources. An extension of the mission from 11 to 14 days was dependent on proper operation of the SSPTS.
Phosphonium halides.
In the final stage the brine and the condensate has a temperature near the inlet temperature. Then the brine and condensate are pumped out from the low pressure in the stage to the ambient pressure. The brine and condensate still carry a small amount of heat that is lost from the system when they are discharged. The heat that was added in the heater makes up for this loss.
Membership in Ireland had been declining but due to efforts by the Concilium to attract younger people to its ranks through the Deus et Patria movement a substantial increase in membership has now occurred.
Mark C. Poloncarz (born November 7, 1967) is the county executive of Erie County, New York. Poloncarz, a Democrat, was elected county executive on November 8, 2011 after defeating the incumbent county executive Chris Collins a Republican by a 53 - 47 percentage point margin. Poloncarz is only the 2nd Democrat to be elected to the position of county executive in the 51 year history of the position. Poloncarz was the elected comptroller of the county at the time of his election as executive.
Use in religious bodies.
Romsey Mill’s patrons are: Hugh Duberly CBE (HM Lord-Lieutenant of Cambridgeshire); Colin Greenhalgh CBE DL; Lady Wilson of Dinton.
<doc id="1974591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1974591" title="Sharps">
Species.
Frederick E. Olmsted.
In 1999, Lee produced a CD for the Office of Tibet – a compilation of the Dalai Lama's symposia in Hawaii, with rare traditional Tibetan music performed by artists living in exile around the world, Hawaiian chants, and remarks by the late Reverend Abraham Akaka and kumu hula John Lake. 
Training.
Episodes.
Zabala confesses in an interview that disbanding had not been that far away from the members' minds. He said that there were so many occasions where they could have disbanded but they did not. Adoro expressed the belief of some people that the band was getting too old and that it was "selfish" for the band to continue, likely referring to comments about how it's time for other bands besides Eraserheads to shine. The band made it clear, though, that Buendia's departure from the band wasn't in any way violent and there was no shouting ("sigawan") or any confrontation.
