Description.
Just after the close of World War I, on 15 November 1918, Charaszkiewicz joined the Polish Army in the rank of sublieutenant. During the Polish-Soviet War (1919–21) he participated in battles at Nowoświęciany, Podbrodzie, Bezdany, Vilnius and Ejszyszki. During the Polish defense of Vilnius, he was taken prisoner by the Lithuanians and was interned from 19 July to 18 August 1920. He escaped and, on returning to the Białystok Rifle Regiment ("Białostocki Pułk Strzelców"), temporarily commanded the 11th Company (21 September – 6 October 1920), then served as a junior officer in the 9th Company. On 27 February 1921, for conspicuous valor behind Soviet lines, he was recommended for Poland's highest military decoration, the "Virtuti Militari".
Squround
The show was discontinued in early 2010 with morning hosts Jim Shafer (who had moved to the station from WWMG in 2004) and Jen Byrum (morning host since 1999) being released. On April 13, 2010, "Valentine in the Morning", a syndicated show from Clear Channel, made its debut. A local host was planned for local segments of the show.
Pharmaceuticals.
Swansea College provided preparation for a number of qualifications, including GCSEs, the IB Diploma Programme, A-levels and HNDs, as well as a number of vocational courses leading to BTEC First and National Diplomas, NVQs and other similar qualifications. It also ran EFL programmes for non-native speakers of English.
History.
Hopwood is a small settlement in Worcestershire, located south of Birmingham, England on the Worcester and Birmingham Canal. The settlement is developed around an inn, where users of the canal would have broken their journey.
<doc id="2014172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2014172" title="Henry Pierrepoint">
The Structural Funds are made up of the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the European Social Fund (ESF). 
Rejection of request for renewed accreditation.
Chlorocruorin is an oxygen-binding hemeprotein present in the blood plasma of many annelids, particularly certain marine polychaetes. Its affinity for oxygen is weaker than that of most haemoglobins. A dichromatic compound, chlorocruorin is noted for appearing green in dilute solutions, though it appears light red when found in concentrated solutions.
The extinct crocodile genus "Toyotamaphimeia" was named after this deity, in direct reference to this myth.
Chefchaouen or Chaouen, as it is often called by Moroccans, is a popular tourist destination because of its proximity to Tangier and the Spanish enclave of Ceuta. The name refers to the shape of the mountain tops above the town, that look like the two horns ("chaoua") of a goat. ""Chef Chaouen"" derives from the Berber word for horns, Ichawen. There are approximately two hundred hotels catering to the summer influx of European tourists. One distinction possessed by Chefchaouen is its blue-rinsed houses and buildings.
He was a founder member of the Denbighshire Historical Society and edited a history of Wrexham to coincide with the Borough Centenary Celebration in 1957. He was made a freeman of the Borough of Wrexham in 1963. A centenary celebration of his birth was held in Wrexham in 1991.
Iolanta
The acronym ABCDE has been useful for helping health care providers and laypersons remember the key characteristics of a melanoma (see "ABCDE" mnemonic below). Changes (in shape, size, color, itching or bleeding) should be brought to the attention of a dermatologist .
Fixed domains.
Synopsis.
<doc id="2015531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2015531" title="Wuhan Sports Center Stadium">
His book "Witchcraft and Its Transformations, c. 1650–1750" was published as an Oxford Historical Monograph in 1997. This – "the most sophisticated and original of all recent histories of early modern demonology" according to Professor Stuart Clark ("Witchcraft and Magic in Europe" volume 4, p139, 2002) – has been an influential work in the study of the pre-Enlightenment. It "achiev that rarest of feats in the scholarly world: taking a well-worn subject and ensuring that it will never be looked at in quite the same way again" (Noel Malcolm, TLS). In 1991 he won the National Federation of Music Societies Award and from 1992 received support from the Young Concert Artists Trust.
Track access is a major concern, with only two entry and exit points by a two-lane public road. Motegi is not a particularly large town, and accommodation is virtually non-existent close to the track, except for the on-site hotel. Train links to the area are extremely limited (the major regional lines, JR East and Tobu Railway do not service the area), nor has a planned superhighway been completed. Thus the stated track capacity (about 65,000) is dictated largely by traffic flow, not by actual seating capacity (estimated to be nearly 100,000 for road-course events, 80,000 for the oval).
