In certain specific circumstances, steel fiber can entirely replace traditional steel reinforcement bar ("rebar") in reinforced concrete. This is most common in industrial flooring but also in some other precasting applications. Typically, these are corroborated with laboratory testing to confirm that performance requirements are met. Care should be taken to ensure that local design code requirements are also met, which may impose minimum quantities of steel reinforcement within the concrete. There are increasing numbers of tunnelling projects using precast lining segments reinforced only with steel fibers.
Neoepiblemidae
Oil pipeline.
Freshmen Academy.
Summer Patriarchal residence.
Following the passage in Zimbabwe Rhodesia of the Constitution of Zimbabwe Rhodesia (Amendment) No. 4 Act 1979 on 11 December 1979, and the arrival of Lord Soames as Governor the next day, the fourteen year U.D.I. rebellion came to an end and the colony of Southern Rhodesia returned to legality under British law. The United Kingdom Parliament then passed the Zimbabwe Act to put in place the country's independence constitution. On 21 December 1979, the formal agreement to a ceasefire in the Rhodesian Bush War (or second Chimurenga) was signed; Lord Soames also signed proclamations lifting the ban on ZANU-PF and the Zimbabwe African People's Union and granting a general amnesty to all those who had taken up arms in the war. British Army forces then set up 16 assembly points throughout Southern Rhodesia where Patriotic Front guerillas could disarm and return to civilian life; 18,300 did so by the deadline of 6 January.
Two soundtrack albums were released for "Soul Edge", and one album for each of "Soulcalibur", "II", "III", "IV" and "V".
Betty visits Bimbo the fortune teller for some advice, but Bimbo is only interested in making time with Betty. Bimbo's crystal ball predicts that Betty will be shipwrecked on a desert isle, but rescued by Bimbo. When Bimbo reveals himself by removing his fake beard, a happy Betty embraces him. Unfortunately, a group of ghosts burst in on this scene, and chase the two to the desert isle. Betty and Bimbo eventually escape from the ghosts by tricking them into going off a cliff into the sea.
SR 149 begins in the Princess Anne section of Virginia Beach, which contains the city offices and courthouse, a vestige of when the community was the county seat of Princess Anne County. SR 165 heads northwest as Princess Anne Road toward Norfolk and southwest as North Landing Road toward Chesapeake. SR 149 heads east as a two-lane road that passes by a residential subdivision and through a swampy area where the highway crosses West Neck Creek. The state highway enters a suburban residential area shortly before reaching its terminus at an indeterminate point just west of where Princess Anne Road expands to a four-lane divided highway. Princess Anne Road turns south toward Knotts Island, North Carolina at the following intersection with General Booth Boulevard in the community of Nimmo. General Booth Boulevard heads northeast toward the Virginia Beach Oceanfront.
Second Chechen War crimes and terrorism

, Oberschrot had an unemployment rate of 1.1%. , there were 52 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 25 businesses involved in this sector. 108 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 10 businesses in this sector. 94 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 14 businesses in this sector. There were 496 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 39.1% of the workforce. 

On December 2, 2012 after a first round home playoff loss to Illinois State, athletics director Charlie Cobb announced that Moore would not return for the 2013 season. According to a press release issued by the ASU athletic department, Cobb stated that he and Moore agreed after the end of the 2011 season that the 2012 season would be Moore's last as head coach, but chose not to make an announcement until that time. However, several days later, Moore claimed that there had been a communication gap, and that he had wanted to coach for one more season (i.e., 2013). Cobb announced that assistant head coach Scott Satterfield, who played quarterback under Moore at Appalachian from 1993 to 1995 and served as an assistant at ASU from 1998 to 2008, would serve as interim head coach while a national coaching search was conducted. Satterfield was given the permanent job on December 14, 2012.
Geography.

The earliest recorded resident of European descent on the site appears to have been Patrick Gordon, who settled in Providence Township, along the Schuylkill in what is now Mont Clare. This Gordon was Deputy Governor of the Province of Pennsylvania from 1726, until his death in 1736.
Bushbury Electric
In 1972 the earliest fossil trackway of primitive tetrapods were found in the Genoa River Gorge, dating back 350 million years.
The Electric Vehicle was an American automobile manufactured only in 1899. An electric cab, it was widely used in New York City; the company pioneered the use of pressed steel for wheels, and its cars featured front-wheel drive and brakes and rear wheel steering.
TPO regularly performs for major national events for the Royal Thai Government, the most recent being to celebrate His Majesty the King’s 84th Birthday Celebration Concert on December 3 at Sanam Luang in downtown Bangkok.
Harry S. Truman High School (Bronx)

International School of Boston
Yellow Ribbon Culinary Competition (2007).
<doc id="7216678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7216678" title="Pan Zareta Stakes">
