In autumn 1815, a school was established in Grönvik by Johan Grönberg. The teacher was paid by Grönberg and with the interest of a donation to the congregation of Korsholm, since the anonymous donor had stipulated that the interest would go to teacher in a school for the villages of Iskmo and Jungsund, and no such school had been started until the time when Grönberg founded the school at Grönvik. Reading and knowledge of Christianity was taught at the school. Children at the glassworks were given the education without any particular fee, while other children of the local peasantry were obliged to specifically pay for the teaching. After a school had been established in Jungsund and started to receive the interest of the donation, Grönberg tried in 1840 to have the pay of the Grönvik teachers, who would also function as preachers for the people at the glassworks, obtained from the income of a parish granary, a request which the senate assented to on 16 October 1841. The granary was however not as successful for Grönberg as he had anticipated and it is unknown whether or not any teacher and preacher was employed at all. At least, after his death, his inheritors did not employ any such person. In 1848 however, the parish dean lodged an appeal to the governor and the senate to have them engage a teacher and preacher at the works, but the request was turned down.
Bat Yam Municipal Stadium
Perifollicular fibroma
Zino Davidoff.

"Rain" is a 1997 single released by the group SWV. The musical backing track is based on Jaco Pastorius's "Portrait of Tracy." Released as the second single from the group's third album "Release Some Tension", the song peaked at number 25 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart and number 7 on the US Hot R&B Singles chart. Singer Tyrese appeared in the song's music video. He would later sing the hook on "Pullin' Me Back", a song by rapper Chingy, which sampled "Rain." Smooth Jazz musician Norman Brown covered the song on his 1999 album, "Celebration". Toronto based producer duo Team Majestic Music, also sampled "Rain" for their song "Let It Fall."

1985 Virginia Slims of Pennsylvania
