Rowing at the 1994 Asian Games


In its life of more than 150 years the college has helped prepare thousands of young men and women for service to society. In the secular field its graduates have distinguished themselves as teachers, school administrators, nurses, physicians, surgeons, pharmacists, dentists, writers, merchants, engineers, government officials and a cross-section of the occupations of its alumni.
Liverpool East Toxteth by-election, 1916

Warr is a surname, and may refer to:
<doc id="36954377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36954377" title="Mr. Len">
DR Congo, Cameroon and Gabon receive a bye and advance directly to the First Round.
References.
Description.
<doc id="36955493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36955493" title="Tectus triserialis">
(Original description by W.H. Dall) The size of the shell varies between 12 mm and 50 mm. The thin, trochoid shell is yellowish white with rose-colored flammules and nebulosities, with more or less articulation on the spiral ridges. The glassy nucleus is very minute. The nepionic shell (i.e. the whorls immediately following the embryonic whorls) are white, depressed above, of three rather rounded whorls with numerous low radial plications or riblets. The subsequent whorls number four, with a sparsely imbricate keel at the periphery and a prominent, beaded, spiral cord one-third of the way from the appressed posterior suture toward the periphery. This arrangement gives a channeled or turriculate aspect to the shell in the sutural region. The body whorl has a third keel, imbricate like the peripheral one but less prominent, bordering the base. The space between the beaded cord and the peripheral keel is on the upper whorls finely spirally striated, but on the last whorl, first two, and then a third, small spiral equidistant threads, articulated white and dark rose color, are developed. The imbrications on the two keels are short, distant, subspinose, and channeled in front. The base of the shell is nearly smooth, with fine spiral striation and a widespread, transparent, thin layer of enamel in front of the aperture. The smooth columella is arcuate and pearly. The outer lip is thin, sharp and markedly expanded. The throat is pearly. The aperture is quite oblique. The white operculum is smooth, constructed like that of "Bolma rugosa", but with the external depression much less marked.
Fandom, science fiction and feminism.
Al-Tawani () is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains. Nearby localities include Ma'loula to the northeast, Hosh Arab and Assal al-Ward to the north, Hala to the south, and al-Qutayfah to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, al-Tawani had a population of 2,446 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.
Nonprofit.
Preseason.
