Television.
In 2013, Ocean RusEnergy company, based in Yekaterinburg, demonstrated a line of wave energy generators, ranging from 160W to 1MW(planned). Their modular design allows to assemble a wave power farm having a desired capacity. Unlike other wave power projects it targets small-scale and private electricity generation.
Codeine or 3-methylmorphine (a naturally occurring methylated morphine) is an opiate used for its analgesic, antitussive, antidiarrheal, antihypertensive, anxiolytic, antidepressant, sedative and hypnotic properties. It is also used to suppress premature labor contractions, myocardial infarction, and has many other potential and indicated uses. It is often sold as a salt in the form of either codeine sulfate or codeine phosphate in the United States and Canada; codeine hydrochloride is more common worldwide and the citrate, hydroiodide, hydrobromide, tartrate, and other salts are also seen.
Abraham, William Taverner's brother, an obscure figure, was the Newfoundland agent for the London merchant, James Campbell, who had extensive plantations at Bay de Verde. Campbell was financial agent in London for Captain John Moody who had been commander of the Newfoundland garrison during Major Thomas Lloyd’s absence in 1704–1705 and who was an avowed adversary of Lloyd. Although many of the Newfoundland planters tried to keep away from both Lloyd and Moody, William Taverner led a group which, early in 1708, complained about Lloyd’s exploitation of the colonists.
All other numbers were prefixed with 2 north of the River Tyne and 4 south of it. Sunderland followed with the prefix 5 after the Tyneside scheme was completed, and Durham, again shortly after, with 3. Unlike Tyneside, whose changeover occurred in stages, the entire Durham and the entire Sunderland changeover occurred simultaneously overnight.
In the aftermath of the Koçkiri rebellion there was talk in the new Turkish Republic's Grand National Assembly of some very limited forms of 'Autonomous Administration' by the Kurds in a Kurdish region centered in Kurdistan. All this disappeared in the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, however. Bitterly disappointed, the Kurds turned again to armed struggle in 1925 — this time led by the Zaza cleric Sheikh Said, but organized by another, newer, Kurdish nationalist organization, Azadî.
Si Banphot () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand. It may also be spelled Sri Banphot.
DRC, Inc. was originally founded in 1989 in South Carolina in the aftermath of Hurricane Hugo. The company has performed contracts in most of the hurricane and natural disasters throughout the southeastern United States since 1989. The company was previously owned by Robert Isakson, a former FBI agent, and Thomas Marr Sr. 
The film follows Paul Baumer, who during World War I enlists in the Imperial German Army with many of his high school friends, after being indoctrinated by their teacher (Donald Pleasence) as to the glory and superiority of German culture. After surviving training camp under the brutal Corporal Himmelstoss (Ian Holm), the young men board a troop train bound for the front lines. Ominously, at the same moment, they notice another train arriving in town loaded with wounded returning soldiers, who are carried off on stretchers. Once at the front lines, they are placed under the supervision of Stanislaus "Kat" Katzinsky, (Ernest Borgnine). Kat teaches them how to best take cover, how to find extra food, and other survival skills. 
Reception.
Many clubs hold fish shows similar to dog shows where fish are judged and awarded prizes based on color, size, etc. Some clubs also hold auctions where fish, plants, equipment, and books are sold, usually inexpensively, in some cases giving members the chance to obtain to rare and unusual species that have been bred by other members of the club. Internet forums are an important aspect of many clubs, allowing members to easily share information and experiences.
The second half proved to be very different. UConn scored 17 of the first 19 points in the half and took a lead. They held Ogwumike, who had scored 38 points in the semifinal, to eleven points. They held Jayne Appel one of the nation's leading center to zero points on 0–12 shooting. Appel was playing on a sore ankle that required pain killers during the game. Maya Moore scored 23 points for UConn and Tina Charles contributed eleven rebounds. In the end, Connecticut won 53–46 to win their seventh national championship and complete the first back-to-back undefeated seasons in NCAA history.
During his career as a poster printer and designer, Mauzan designed over 2,000 posters, using a style marked by humor and brilliant colors for advertisement and events and over 1,000 postcard images. He made several important posters for the Italian film industry in Turin, and then went to work at Ricordi music publishing from 1912 to 1917. Later, from 1919 to 1923 he works in the Magical press (Giovanni Magagnoli). In 1924 in Milan he establishes with Morzenti his own publishing house, the Mauzan-Morzenti Agency. In 1926 he travels to Argentina and sets up the “Affiches Mauzan” (Mauzan Posters) publishing house where many of his greatest works were created and where he worked until 1932. Within those years, Gino Boccasile, one of his students in Milan, travels to Argentina at his insistence and sets up studio. Mauzan is also noted for designing several war posters including an adaptation of the famous Lord Kitchener poster.
