He's wealthy and foolish, but if you want pluck –

Representative of the United States Treasury Department to Italy in 1919.
He was one of the 50 representatives who on April 5, 1917 voted against declaring war on Germany
He died in Beverly Hills, California, on November 7, 1929.

Robert Russell "Bob" Whittaker (born September 18, 1939) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.


Geography.
Show Gallery.
Zack and Miri Make a Porno is a 2008 romantic sex comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith, distributed by The Weinstein Company, and starring Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks. It is Smith's second film (after "Jersey Girl") not to be set within the View Askewniverse and his first film not set in New Jersey. It was released on October 31, 2008.
Williams arrived on campus in 1972. He was greeted by a reception which included a sky-writing demonstration which spelled out his name. His freshman year, playing as a guard, his scoring record was especially noteworthy. Williams averaged 29.4 points per game in 1973, fifth best in the nation. The Austin Peay State University basketball team, the Governors, won a bid to the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) tournament. Williams was true to form; scoring 26 points in a first-round win over Jacksonville University. In the second round of the tournament, Williams managed another 26 points, but the Austin Peay Governors lost to the University of Kentucky, coached by Joe B. Hall, in overtime.

ALL4ONE Challenge is a French-German yacht racing team that competes in International America's Cup Class races. The team has formerly competed as K-Challenge and between 2005 and 2007 they were known as Areva Challenge.
Egbert I () (died 11 January 1068) was the Margrave of Meissen from 1067 until his early death the next year. Egbert was the Count of Brunswick from about 1038, when his father, Liudolf, Margrave of Frisia, died. His mother was Gertrude, the sister of Pope Leo IX.
Legacy.
Cornelius accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he was a wide receiver and special teams standout for the Florida Gators football from 2002 to 2006 under head coaches Ron Zook and Urban Meyer. As a senior in 2006, Cornelius became a starting wide receiver and team captain for the Gators' BCS National Championship team.
Kings Christian Church is a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches, the Assemblies of God in Australia. The church is located in Buderim. The Buderim Congregation have fellowship in the 700 seat auditorium formerly known as the 'Champions Centre'. Current Senior Pastors James and Samantha Macpherson took the leadership of the church in January 2010, following the resignation of Pastor Steve Penny.
All FMC diagrams are bipartite graphs. Each Bipartite graph consists of two disjoint sets of vertices with the condition that no vertex is connected to another vertex of the same set. In FMC diagrams, members of one set are represented by angular shapes, and members of the other set are represented by curved shapes. Each element in an FMC diagram can be refined by another diagram of the same type, provided that the combined graph is also bipartite. This mechanism allows modeling all relevant layers of abstraction with the same notation.
As Thailand began to modernize, creating its first European-style government ministries, Naris was assigned to design the crest for each ministry. Each crest he designed was different, representing the role of each group.
He was also the chairman of the Parliamentary Assembly of the OSCE 1992-1994.
Mphasis is a Bangalore based IT services company majority owned by Hewlett-Packard. The company provides infrastructure technology and applications outsourcing services, as well as architecture, application development and integration, and application management services. It serves financial services, telecom, logistics, and technology industries. MphasiS is ranked #7 in India IT companies and overall #165 by Fortune India 500 in 2011 with more than 40,000 employees as of 2012. In February 2014 the Mphasis company changed its logo and the Brand Name as Mphasis Unleash the Next as it seeks to boost business other than from parent Hewlett-Packard, currently its largest client. The 5th Feb 2014's announcement "in no way changes the shareholding of HP which is 60.5%, it is about Mphasis being more relevant to customers , including HP," Ayyar told reporters in Bangalore.
