The band's first single, "Pinocchio", has become an underground hit with quarter of a million downloads from the group's page on MySpace.
There are a total of 558 stone weirs in Penghu, and up to 88 of them are distributed around Jibei islet, ranking first in the world both in terms of number and density. Local ancestors fed generations of offspring toiling away with these stone weir. Cimei islet has only one stone weir, but because it is shaped like two hearts, it is famous for being the "twin hearts stone weir". Originally, the twin hearts stone weir was built out of basalt and coral reefs as traditional traps for fishing. Today, the catches have gradually decreased, but the twin hearts design of the stone weir attracts endless tourists here. Twin hearts stone weir is the most well-preserved stone weir in the entire of Penghu. Visitors should check the tide ebb time for the day to see the complete twin hearts shaped stone weir. Every year, a Penghu Stone Weir Festival (澎湖地區眾多石滬中) is held. This is a very big event for tourism in Penghu, together with the Penghu Gourmet Carnival.

Open Bogotá (officially named for sponsorship reasons Seguros Bolívar Open Bogotá, previously:Open Seguros Bolívar) is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a $100,000+H ITF Women's Circuit tournament and has been held in Bogotá, Colombia, since 2007. In the years 2008–2011, the tournament had a $25,000 prize fund and from 2005–2013, was also an Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour event.
Volume 2.
Jean-Luc Thiébaut
Mimetes hirtus, also known by the names marsh pagoda, red and yellow bottlebrush, tall pagoda, hairy mimetes, and pineapple bush, is a member of the Proteaceae family. It is endemic to the Cape Floral Region of South Africa.
<doc id="20833329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20833329" title="Clement Bahouth">
In 1997, new elections were called for again. Tahir Rasheed was given Pakistan Muslim League ticket to contest in the elections, from the same constituency NA-116. This time again he was faced by Tanveer Gilani, who is a close relative of current Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani and PML-N's Javed Hashmi. However, Tahir Rasheed once again managed to defeat former federal ministers.
