Geology.

As frigate.
In "Statistics of Deadly Quarrels" Richardson presented data on virtually every war from 1815 to 1945. As a result he hypothesized a base 10 logarithmic scale for conflicts. In other words, there are many more small fights, in which only a few people die, than large ones that kill many. While no conflict's size can be predicted beforehand—indeed, it is impossible to give an upper limit to the series—overall they do form a Poisson distribution. On a smaller scale he showed the same pattern for gang murders in Chicago and Shanghai. Others have noted that similar statistical patterns occur frequently, whether planned (lotteries, with many more small payoffs than large wins), or by natural organisation (there are more small towns with grocery stores than big cities with superstores).


Caplet was a composer in his own right, whose very innovative works have been sadly overlooked for the most part. Especially interesting is his instrumental use of voices, as in his "Septuor à cordes vocales et instrumentales" from 1909 and in the oratorio-like "Le Miroir de Jésus" from 1923, which features "choeur de femmes" in an accompanying role Caplet termed "voix d'accompagnement". He also wrote two works based on the short story "The Mask of the Red Death" by Edgar Allan Poe: "Conte fantastique" for harp and string quartet, and an orchestral symphonic study "Le Masque de la mort rouge".
Federazione Ciclistica Italiana.
As of September 2014, purchased tickets are valid for 70 minutes after validation, and can be used for unlimited trips on the network (lines 1, 2 and 3) and on all other public transport in Athens (buses, trolleybuses, trams and the urban part of the suburban railway between Piraeus, Magoula and Koropi—excluding the airport). Passengers must validate their tickets once, using the machines at the station entrance at the start of their first trip.

Handguns


<doc id="431040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=431040" title="2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade">
Family Pectinidae 
In 1931, The American Institute of Steel Construction awarded the Bayonne Bridge the “Most Beautiful Steel Bridge” prize. The Bayonne Bridge was designated as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1985.
During the 19th century, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) began sending employees, called "agricultural commissioners", abroad to investigate foreign agriculture. These appointments were of a roving nature, as the officials were not assigned to a particular country or city. In 1919 USDA posted to London an agricultural commissioner without diplomatic status, Edward Foley, to report on British agriculture. Additional commissioners were posted through the 1920s to Buenos Aires, Berlin, and Shanghai. The title began to be phased out in 1930 with passage of the Foreign Agricultural Service Act, which granted USDA authority to use the diplomatic title "attaché". The last USDA employee to bear the title "agricultural commissioner" was Owen Dawson, agricultural commissioner at the U.S. Consulate in Shanghai, who received diplomatic status and the title agricultural attaché in 1939 when USDA's overseas officers were transferred to the Department of State.
SOC chief Olson said in 2011 that SOCOM "is a microcosm of the Department of Defense, with ground, air, and maritime components, a global presence, and authorities and responsibilities that mirror the Military Departments, Military Services, and Defense Agencies." In 2010, special operations forces were deployed in 75 countries, compared with about 60 at the beginning of 2009. In 2011, SOC spokesman Colonel Tim Nye (Army) was reported to have said that the number of countries with SOC presence will likely reach 120 and that joint training exercises will have been carried out in most or all of those countries during the year. One study identified joint-training exercises in Belize, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Germany, Indonesia, Mali, Norway, Panama, and Poland in 2010 and also, through mid-year 2011, in the Dominican Republic, Jordan, Romania, Senegal, South Korea, and Thailand, among other nations. In addition, SOC forces executed the high profile killing of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011.
<doc id="431414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=431414" title="2053">

The arrival of the Duratec-E engine in the fifth generation Fiesta range in 2002 has finally signalled the end of the engine's use in production vehicles after a 44 year career, although it is still in limited production in Brazil, and produced as an industrial use engine by Ford's Power Products division, where it is known as the VSG-411 and VSG-413.
Sprint Fanzone.
US 180 follows Interstate 40 Business in Holbrook, Arizona and follows South Navajo Boulevard. Shortly after following South Navajo Boulevard, however, US 180 follows a South-Southeast route, running by the Petrified Forest National Park and continuing South-Southeast to and through a small branch of the Zuni Indian Reservation, to St. Johns, Apache County, Arizona where it meets U.S. Route 191. After meeting up with US 191, US 180 continues south to the town of Eagar, Arizona where the two routes enter the Apache National Forest and finally split at the town of Alpine, Arizona, roughly 4–6 miles from the Arizona-New Mexico border.
Hockey.
Once black people were allowed to participate in temple ordinances, they could also perform the ordinances for their ancestors.
Compton retired as Chancellor in 1954, but remained on the faculty as Distinguished Service Professor of Natural Philosophy until his retirement from the full-time faculty in 1961. In retirement he wrote "Atomic Quest", a personal account of his role in the Manhattan Project, which was published in 1956.
Pub rock.

Smith was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame in June 2006.
While some figures pied by the group accepted the embarrassment in good humour, several others filed charges of assault against the pie-throwers. 
Range.
Notable alumni.
The second USS "Franklin" of the United States Navy was an 8-gun brig.
Many of the areas of the city are extremely flat. About 77.37% is within the 0-8% slope category. Barangays belonging to this region are Centro, Looc, South Special Administrative Zone, Cambaro, Opao, Umapad, Paknaan, Alang-alang, Tipolo, Ibabao, Guizo, Subangdaku, Mantuyong, Maguikay and Tabok. The greater portion of the city, comprising about 70%, is dominated by the Mandaue Clay Loam soil series. This is found in the 0-2% and 2-5% slope ranges. Faraon clay loam characterizes the rest of the land with slope range from 5-8% and up to 25-40%.
<doc id="432499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=432499" title="Bechuanaland Protectorate">
Speare died of an aortic aneurysm on November 15, 1994 in Northwest General Hospital in Tucson, Arizona.
Life and career.
James Andrew Broun-Ramsay, 1st Marquess of Dalhousie KT, PC (22 April 1812 – 19 December 1860), styled Lord Ramsay until 1838 and known as The Earl of Dalhousie between 1838 and 1849, was a Scottish statesman, and a colonial administrator in British India. He served as Governor-General of India from 1848 to 1856. To his supporters he stands out as the far-sighted Governor-General who consolidated East India Company rule in India, laid the foundations of its later administration, and by his sound policy enabled his successors to stem the tide of rebellion. To his critics, he stands out as the destroyer of both the East India Company's financial and military position through reckless policies. His critics also hold that he laid the foundations of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and led the final transformation of profitable commercial operations in India into a money-losing colonial administration. His period of rule in India directly preceded the transformation into the Victorian Raj period of Indian administration. He was denounced by many in England and India on the eve of his death as having failed to notice the signs of the brewing Indian Rebellion of 1857, having aggravated the crisis by his overbearing self-confidence, centralizing activity, and expansive annexations.
He returned to Edinburgh after he retired from medical practice in 1989. In this city, he worked on what he termed kinetic poems; texts for installation in which the movement of the reader and/or of the text became part of the reading experience. He died on a visit to Herefordshire of a sudden brain haemorrhage.
Geoff Johns detailed Krypto's role in "Adventure Comics". The character appears alongside the resurrected Connor Kent as his companion and sidekick, with a much more amicable relationship than before Connor's death.
Typical European four-operation machines use the Odhner mechanism, or variations of it. This kind of machine included the "Original Odhner", Brunsviga and several following imitators, starting from Triumphator, Thales, Walther, Facit up to Toshiba. Although most of these were operated by handcranks, there were motor-driven versions. Hamann calculators externally resembled pinwheel machines, but the setting lever positioned a cam that disengaged a drive pawl when the dial had moved far enough.
In popular culture.
Electrified models followed soon after. The track gauge was widened to a nominal and rails were isolated with non-conductive ties (sleepers) for DC operation. Gearing between the motor and the axles at such a small scale was done by rubber bands, rather than the usual worm gear. A different coupling based on a shrunken OO scale coupling was fitted. The OOO couplings and specifications have long since been replaced by commercial N scale manufacturers.
In his opinion of "Munn v. Illinois" (1877), which was one of a group of six Granger cases involving Populist-inspired state legislation to fix maximum rates chargeable by grain elevators and railroads, Waite said that when a business or private property was "affected with a public interest" it was subject to governmental regulation. Thus, the Court was ruling against charges that Granger laws constituted encroachment of private property without due process of law and conflicted with the Fourteenth Amendment. This famous opinion was often regarded as a milestone in the growth of federal government regulation. The ardent New Dealers in the Franklin Roosevelt administration looked to Munn v. Illinois to guide them in matters like due process, commerce and contract clauses.
Clinical significance.
Sackville—Eastern Shore,
Reception was mainly positive - many review sites cited how Nintendo effectively increased the GameCube's library by hundreds of games with the Game Boy Player, something that was praised and even mocked as a cheap ploy by reviewers.
The form of a given pronoun is determined by its position with respect to the verb, and whether it is adjacent to a vowel or a consonant in the verb. There are four possible configurations:
Unlike his Earth-616 counterpart, the Ultimate version of Blob may very well have additional superhuman-eating powers as part of his mutation, as not only has he threatened to actually eat his enemies alive, but it was expressly stated that he had personally consumed all of the Weapon X computers in a matter of moments when the Brotherhood invaded the Weapon X compound to rescue the X-Men. Also, his real name is Franklin Dukes.
Ein voller Becher Weins zur rechten Zeit
However, the JRASC article has been criticized as lacking any error analysis. Since the triangulation base used by the astronomers in their calculations was very narrow, even very small errors in determination of directions could result in a very different triangulated trajectory. Measurement errors of slightly more than one-half degree would make possible a straight-line trajectory towards the Kecksburg area and a much shallower angle of descent than reported in the JRASC article. It was also pointed out that the photos used actually show the fireball trail becoming progressively thinner, suggesting motion away from the cameras, or in the direction of Pennsylvania. Had the trajectory been sideways to the cameras, as contended in the JRASC article, the trail would likely have remained roughly constant in thickness.

Abatwa
Griswold continued to manage his family estate, Black Hall, until his death on April 28, 1799. He is interred at Duck River Cemetery, Old Lyme, New London County, Connecticut. His brother-in-law was Rev Jonathan Parsons, father of General Samuel Holden Parsons. His sister Sarah Griswold was the mother of James Hillhouse.
A new contract for 65,000 drivers working under the Teamsters National Master Freight Agreement was reached in February 2003. The contract restored the union’s right to strike when there was a deadlock over grievances, a right given up under a previous contract of 1994. “The nation is in the depths of recession and on the brink of war, and we maintained our strong health care benefits, protected our pensions and won the highest wage increases in more than a decade,” said Teamsters president James Hoffa.
On November 19, 2008, Cantor was unanimously elected Republican Whip for the 111th Congress, after serving as Deputy Whip for six years under Blunt. Blunt had decided not to seek reelection to the post after Republican losses in the previous two elections. Cantor was the first member of either party from Virginia to hold the position of Party Whip. As Whip, Cantor was the second-ranking House Republican, behind Minority Leader John Boehner. He was charged with coordinating the votes and messages of Republican House members. Cantor became the Majority Leader when the 112th Congress took office on January 3, 2011. He is still the second-ranking Republican in the House behind Speaker Boehner, who is considered the leader of the House Republicans.

He won the Gravesham seat at the 1997 general election, beating the sitting Conservative Party MP, Jacques Arnold. He was re-elected at the 2001 general election, and served as a member of the Social Security Select Committee, Parliamentary Private Secretary in the Treasury and then minister in the Department for Work and Pensions.
One of Canada's most famous independent bookstores, This Ain't the Rosedale Library, also moved to Kensington from Church and Wellesley in 2008. It later closed in June 2010, failing to pay rent.
Sebelius is a member of the Catholic Church; however, in early March 2009, then-Archbishop Raymond Leo Burke, prefect for the Apostolic Signatura, the Holy See's highest court, declared that Sebelius should not approach the altar for Communion in the United States, and he noted that, "after pastoral admonition, she obstinately persists in serious sin". Kansas City Archbishop Joseph Fred Naumann also asked that Sebelius no longer receive Holy Communion because of her position on abortion. Naumann criticized Sebelius for vetoing HS SB 389. The action received mixed reviews in the Catholic press.
Family.

<br>
Proto-Indo-European accent is usually reconstructed as a free pitch-accent system, preserved in Ancient Greek, Vedic, and Proto-Balto-Slavic. The Greek and Indic systems were lost: Modern Greek has a pitch produced stress accent, and it was lost entirely from Indic by the time of the Prākrits. Balto-Slavic retained Proto-Indo-European pitch accent, reworking it into the opposition of "acute" (rising) and "circumflex" (falling) tone, and which, following a period of extensive accentual innovations, yielded a pitch-accent based system that has been retained in modern-day Lithuanian and West South Slavic languages (in some dialects). Some other modern Indo-European languages have pitch accent systems, like Swedish and Norwegian, deriving from a stress-based system they inherited from Old Norse, and Punjabi, which developed tone distinctions that maintained lexical distinctions as consonants were conflated.
A gerb is a type of firework which produces a jet of sparks, usually lasting between 15 and 60 seconds. It is a thick-walled tube filled with pyrotechnic composition and possessing a choke, which is a narrowing in the tube. Gerbs are often referred to as 'fountains'.

The above formula calculates the number of periods required to get "FV" given the "PV" and the interest rate ("i"). The log function can be in any base, e.g. natural log (ln), as long as consistent bases are used throughout the calculation.
2000.
Tephra is fragmental material produced by a volcanic eruption regardless of composition, fragment size or emplacement mechanism. 
Scottish Labour Party leadership bid.
Hoyle was one of the 1997 Labour intake of MPs winning a majority of 7,625. He later served as a member of the House of Commons Trade and Industry Committee from 1998 to 2010.
The UK currently enjoys a high level of food security, but this situation will not last unless the Government plans now for future changes in our weather patterns and the changing global demand for food. This report focuses on food production, supply and the systems necessary to ensure our food security in the future. It highlights some examples of good practice and how Government and food producers could plan for projected changes better to make our food production, and supply systems more secure.
A complete overland crossing of the Darién rainforest by foot and riverboat (i.e., from the last road in Panama to the first road in Colombia) became more dangerous in the 1990s because of the Colombian conflict. The Colombian portion of the Darién rainforest in the Katios Park region eventually fell under control of armed groups. Furthermore, combatants from Colombia even entered Panama, occupied some Panamanian jungle villages and kidnapped or killed inhabitants and travelers. Just as hostilities were starting to worsen, 18-year-old Andrew Egan traversed the Darien Rainforest, detailing the excursion in the book "Crossing the Darien Gap".
The reaction catalyzed by carbonic anhydrase is:
The year 1817 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.
In mathematics the finite Fourier transform may refer to either
At a press conference on 13 March 2007, Watkinson stated that "the whole premise of sex education was wrong". Watkinson is among a dozen or so MPs who hold the most definite record on sexual identity politics, disapproving every piece of legislation supportive of homosexuality that has passed through the House of Commons. Despite this, she voted for the second reading of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill on 5 February 2013.
When proclaimed the town had three hotels, two stores, a customs house for interstate trade, a police station and a large collection of commercial buildings but in 2007 there was just one hotel serving canned or bottled beer, library, visitor information centre, museum and a hospital. Today Birdsville is a popular tourist destination with many people using it as a stopping point across the Simpson Desert.
The benzoyl derivative cellotropin has been used for tuberculosis. Populin, which occurs in the leaves and bark of "Populus tremula", is benzoyl salicin. Benzoyl-beta-D-glucoside is a compound found in "Pteris ensiformis".
Noble gas atoms such as Kr and Xe can appear as guests in crystals of melanophlogite.
Flower crab spiders are crab spiders of the genus Misumena with holarctic distribution.
L126 did work up and sea trials in the Harvey Bay area. Following a flooding of the Mary river the sand bars changed in the river and the trip down to Harvey Bay involved skating across uncharted bars. Following the sea trials L126 sailed to Morton Bay and headed up the Brisbane river. It just so happened that a cargo vessel was traveling in the opposite direction at speed under the command of the pilot. A collision happened that tore off the front door support and the door dropped down. Although L126 was damaged the master managed to turn the craft around and traveled astern to its berth. There was an inquiry of course but the craft returned to Walker's after temporary repairs and full repairs effected there.
"Bat Boy".
Then "μ" is a probability measure on the "σ"-algebra of Borel subsets of "I". The measure "μ" is equivalent to the Lebesgue measure on "I", but it has the additional property that the transformation "T" preserves the measure "μ". Moreover, it can be proved that "T" is an ergodic transformation of the measurable space "I" endowed with the probability measure "μ" (this is the hard part of the proof). The ergodic theorem then says that for any "μ"-integrable function "f" on "I", the average value of formula_8 is the same for almost all formula_9:
"Bayonet" was laid down by Walkers Limited at Maryborough, Queensland in October 1968, launched on 6 November 1968, and commissioned on 22 February 1969.
In 5th edition Tieflings do not have an innate tendency towards evil, many usually end up going down that path due to the prejudice against them. Also due to the prejudice against them, Tieflings have a fierce independent streak and are inclined towards being chaotic.
Feiler is now the chairman of the Swedish organization Jews for Israeli–Palestinian Peace (JIPF) and the European organization European Jews for a Just Peace (EJJP). He is also a member of the editorial board of the New Colombia News Agency (ANNCOL).
On 4 January 2006, Akebono appeared in New Japan Pro Wrestling alongside Yutaka Yoshie in a match against Black Strong Machine & Hiro Saito, coming out victorious. Later that month, Akebono competed for Pro Wrestling NOAH, teaming up with his old friend Takeshi Rikio to defeat Junji Izumida & Kenta Kobashi. After the match, Akebono announced that he had been hired by NJPW and was congratulated by Rikio, promising to team again future (Which never happened due to Rikio having to retire due to his injuries in 2010.)
The main approach road to Blyth is the A189 "spine road" which is accessible from the A1 via the A19. The A193 is the main road through Blyth and leads to Bedlington to the west and North Tyneside to the south. The other main route into Blyth is the A1061. Blyth bus station is located in Post Office Square in the town centre. Buses in Blyth are operated by Arriva Northumbria and there are regular services to Newcastle as well as the other main towns in the south of Northumberland and the surrounding areas of Blyth. A small number of services are operated by Go North East.
Early MacDraw.
In September 2000, Murrison was selected as the prospective Conservative candidate for the West Wiltshire constituency of Westbury and in June 2001 he was elected as Member of Parliament for the constituency. He was then appointed to the House of Commons Science and Technology Select Committee and was also a member of the Standing Committee on the NHS Reform Bill.
Klamath Mountains
Of the county's total area of 729.5 km², around 360 km² are used in agriculture. Due to the high population density, agricultural land is divided into 21,000 units averaging each. 27.5 km² are covered with orchards. 11 km² is the hilly area, located in the north-western part of the county, with villages like Štrigova and numerous vineyards. Grasslands and forests cover an area of around 105 km². The biggest forest is Murščak, located between Domašinec and Donji Hrašćan.
<doc id="435809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=435809" title="Daniel Glazman">
Second term as President (1953–1958).
Eastern Orthodox and Eastern Catholic Churches.
Upon her return from Paris, Morgan took employment with San Francisco architect John Galen Howard, who was supervising the University of California Master Plan. Morgan worked on several buildings on the Berkeley campus, providing the decorative elements for the Hearst Mining Building and an early proposal for Sather Gate. She was the primary designer for the Hearst Greek Theatre. Howard told a colleague that Morgan was "an excellent draftsman whom I have to pay almost nothing, as it is a woman." She saved her money and made plans to work on her own, accepting important side projects.

In the airline industry, the executive officer, more commonly known as the first officer, is the second in command of the aircraft. In a fixed wing aircraft the first officer sits in the right-hand seat but a rotary wing aircraft they sit on the left.
The submarine is armed with six torpedo tubes, and carry a standard payload of 22 torpedoes: originally a mix of Gould Mark 48 Mod 4 torpedoes and UGM-84C Sub-Harpoon, with the Mark 48s later upgraded to the Mod 7 Common Broadband Advanced Sonar System (CBASS) version.


"Zang Tumb Tumb" (1914) is a sound poem and concrete poem by Italian futurist F. T. Marinetti.
Fulford Golf Club, which celebrated its centenary in 2006, was home to the Benson and Hedges International Open between 1971 and 1989. During the 1981 tournament, Bernard Langer climbed up an ash tree by the 17th green to play his third shot. York City F.C. were once based in Fulford, at their Fulfordgate stadium, before moving to the current Bootham Crescent stadium in 1932. The area is now occupied by Eastward Avenue and lies close to Fulford School.
The first series created under this agreement was "The Name of the Game", a drama with three rotating stars. It was followed by "The Bold Ones" and "Four in One" (the similar "The Men" was produced for ABC and involved series from three studios, although one of them was Universal). While it was a long and profitable collaboration, it finally succumbed to the changes of the commercial broadcast market regarding both structure and content by the end of the decade.
<doc id="436599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=436599" title="San Carlos, Belize">
Mary Anne Talbot was born in London. Later she claimed that she was one of the sixteen illegitimate children of Lord William Talbot, Baron of Hensol. Her mother died in childbirth and she spent her childhood in the care of different guardians and boarding schools until she fell in the hands of a man she called Mr. Sucker, who was also in charge of her inheritance from her sister.
