The Castro Valley Unified School District (CVUSD) is a public preschool through adult school district. Overall, the district contains almost 9,000 students. It was created in 1965.

"Ethnologue" 16 is similar, but assigns Gengle, Kumba, Teme, and Waka to the Mumuye branch, and "Ethnologue" 17 will split Yoti from Yendang.
The 2004 Meteor Music Awards were held on Monday 1 March 2004, hosted by comedian Dara Ó Briain. It was the fourth edition of Ireland's national music awards. At the ceremony Damien Dempsey was presented with two awards, Best Folk/ Traditional Act and Best Irish Country/Roots Artist. Samantha Mumba made an appearance in a revealing see-through dress, Colin Farrell was pictured with both Bono and Chris Pontius whilst Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith posed with Sharon Corr after both collected awards. Performees included Lionel Richie, Katie Melua, Counting Crows, The Corrs, Sugababes, Westlife, Hothouse Flowers, The Frames, The Dubliners, Snow Patrol, Paddy Casey and Jerry Fish and the Mudbug Club. Award presenters included Dominic West, Bic Runga and Alex Zane, actors George McMahon and Patrick Bergin, "No Frontiers" presenter Kathryn Thomas alongside Kerry McFadden, Miss World Rosanna Davison, Keith Duffy, Niall Quinn, Deirdre O'Kane, Denis Hickie, Joe Elliott and Hector Ó hEochagáin. The event was broadcast on RTÉ Two on Wednesday 3 March at 21:00.
Kneißl confessed to most of the charges, but denied an intent to kill against the two policemen who were shot by him. However, the court found him guilty of murder, premeditated bodily harm with fatal consequences, extortion and for aggravated robbery.
Jason Dana - Drums
On August 10, 1764, eighteen months after the signing of the Treaty of Paris, the post of Governor of Trois-Rivières was abolished.
The Sunset Years The name given to the years between the ages of 15 and 21. During the Sunset Years, Blue Bloods start to turn into fully-fledged vampires, remembering past lives and discovering their abilities. Vampires are most vulnerable during the Sunset Years.
Abba River

In March 2009 Cassano was linked to e-mails he authored in 2006 which solicited contributions from AIG executives for Dodd's campaign due to Dodd's position as incoming chairman of the Senate Banking Committee.
In response to increased publicity given to critics of Gay Rodeo, IGRA published a press release explaining that their animals are well-treated and handled in accordance with established ethical guidelines.
<doc id="21981990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21981990" title="Mick Pyro">
Live performance.
Printers.
In February 2009, the part of the line west of Lilleaker station was closed due to upgrades on the Kolsås Line. The curtailing of the line eliminated Øraker station for the time being, disappointing the area residents.
Relay.
