
The Bust of Gabriele Fonseca is a sculptural portrait by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Executed sometime between 1668 and 1674, the work is located in San Lorenzo in Lucina in Rome, Italy. Gabriele Fonseca was the doctor to Pope Innocent X.

When the ex-GCR Main Line closed as a through route in 1966 the Waleswood Curve lost any possibility of through traffic to or from the south. Trains running up the ex-LD&ECR Beighton Branch could use the curve to head east, though there was little historical precedent for this, Beighton Branch traffic had most commonly aimed at Sheffield or Mottram, with some in early post-war days going further northwest to Gorton, Deansgate and Walton-on-the-Hill, Liverpool.
! style="text-align: left; background: #aabccc; width:8%;"|Version
Martin Kaymer recorded a second consecutive round of 65 (−5), establishing a new tournament record for lowest 36-hole score (130) and becoming the first player to open a major championship with two rounds of 65 or better. His six-stroke lead over Brendon Todd after 36 holes tied a tournament record previously set by Tiger Woods in 2000 and Rory McIlroy in 2011. 21 players shot under-par rounds and 13 players were under-par for the tournament. The cut was at 145 (+5) and 67 players made the cut including one amateur, 2013 U.S. Amateur winner Matthew Fitzpatrick. The scoring average for the field was 72.89, just less than three strokes over par.
From East to West

Hydrelia musculata is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Russia.
John Symonds was an English writer.
Mount Hope (New Baltimore, Virginia)
<doc id="39858655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39858655" title="Coppy Laws">
SC Bastia.
The Tušnica Coal Mine is a coal mine located in the Tuzla Canton. The mine has coal reserves amounting to 78.9 million tonnes of lignite, one of the largest coal reserves in Europe and the world. The mine has an annual production capacity of 0.2 million tonnes of coal.
"We announce the 30 June Front as an initiative from Tamarod to represent Egyptians who refuse Muslim Brotherhood rule and to share with the great Egyptian people their political vision in order to avoid the mistakes of the past period and to continue on the path of January 25 Revolution"
Monuments.
At the start of 1997, Parsons was editor of "The People", when he moved to become editor of the "Sunday Mirror". He subsequently became deputy editor of the "Daily Mirror", in which role he introduced the Mandy Capp cartoon, derived from its existing Andy Capp strip.

Culture.
From 1994 to 1996 Yirikian was the Head of the Administration and Personnel Department at Al Maha Group Holdings. From 1997-1999 he was the head of the Administration and Customer Service Department at Nasser, Ghattas and Co., in Cyprus. Between 1999 and 2001 Yirikian was the head of the Administrative Unit at LibanCell Company in the Lebanon. From February 2002 till July 2004 he was the General Manager of Karabakh Telecom.


Dadamo teamed up with Mischa Zverev but lost to Kevin King and Juan Carlos Spir in the first round.<br>
Only one candidate was nominated, Thomas Joseph Healy of the Irish Parliamentary Party, an anti-Parnellite, and he was therefore elected unopposed. Redmond failed to be elected in Cork City, but shortly afterwards won a by-election in the constituency of Waterford City.

Elizade University
Bruno Bürki
Melody Prochet
Eskmeals railway station
Burhanettin Bigalı (born 1927) is a former Turkish general; he retired in 1990. He was head of the National Intelligence Organization (1981 - 1986) and later General Commander of the Gendarmerie of Turkey (1988 - 1990). 
Ajayi is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
This article lists nicknames for the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Vityazevo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Engin Alan (born 3 March 1945, Istanbul) is a former Turkish general. He was Chief of the Special Forces of the Turkish Army from 1996 to 2000. He retired in 2005. 
It is a U-shaped building fitting within an rectangle, apparently build of reinforced concrete or of rocks with a cement-plaster exterior.
Languages.
In human mitochondrial genetics, Haplogroup L4b is a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup.
<doc id="39871061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=39871061" title="Italian seasoning">
Four physicians who provided abortion services in Illinois filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois to challenge a 1979 amendment to the "Illinois Abortion Law of 1975" which required doctors to provide a "parental consultation" before performing an abortion. This regulation added to the "Illinois Abortion Parental Consent Act of 1977", which required written consent from both parents or the guardian of an unmarried minor before obtaining an abortion and imposed a 48-hour waiting period. If parental consent could not be obtained or was refused, the minor could seek court-authorized consent upon showing that "the pregnant minor fully understands the consequences of an abortion to her and her unborn child." Notice of the hearing was required to be sent to the parents by registered or certified mail.
AFC 10.
Biography.
Kathy Loreno was a hairdresser working in South Bend, Washington, when she met Michelle Knotek, and the two became friends. In 1991 after an argument between Loreno and her family, Loreno moved out of their home and into the home of Michelle and David Knotek. During her stay at the Knoteks' home, it was alleged that Loreno suffered physical abuse. In 1994, Loreno was reported missing by family members. When interviewed by authorities, the Knoteks stated that Loreno had run away with a truck driver and moved to Hawaii. Michelle Knotek maintained that she and Loreno were in regular contact. However, a private investigator hired by Loreno's brother concluded that she had probably been murdered by Michelle Knotek. David Knotek claimed that Loreno died by asphyxiating on her own vomit, but he did not take her to a hospital or report her death to police because of the physical injuries to Loreno's body.
