The past recipients of the award include:
Jacobina was treated as the manifestation of God. Later people started to see her as the reincarnation of Jesus Christ. Conflicts between the followers of Jacobina ("Muckers") and their enemies ("Spotters") increased when people began to buy weapons. Policemen raided Jacobina's house and found the weapons. She was arrested during a crisis of lethargy and conducted to São Leopoldo, sleeping for 9 hours. To wake her up, the doctors used stinging needle and tip of knife. However, she only wake up when her followers started singing after 5 hours of attempts. Jacobina was released and received with great affection by the community.
It was built in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.


Organization.
Religious Services minister.
1956: "The Caine Mutiny Court Martial" by Herman Wouk, "Gaslight" by Patrick Hamilton, "The Women" by Clare Boothe Luce, "Amphitryon 38" by Jean Giraudoux
The populace within the state of Meghalaya has long been divided. The discord between tribal and non-tribal members of the state has resulted in harsh words between the two, as well as outbreaks of violence. Amit Paul's success brought fame to the region, and created a sense of unity between the divide. His success has allowed both sides to come together and brought a sense of peace to the state. The Meghalaya Government made him the state's Brand Ambassador of Peace, Communal Harmony and Excellence.
Whiting became involved in arts administration and in 1979 was appointed to the Council for Māori and Pacific Arts (now known as Te Waka Toi). He became the chairman in 1988. He was also a member and deputy chair of the Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council (now known as Creative New Zealand). In 1995 he was appointed Kaihautū of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa where he led the exploration of the museum's bicultural processes based on the principles of the Treaty of Waitangi. He worked in partnership with the chief executive officer Cheryll Sotheran on the project to construct and open the new museum building on the Wellington waterfront. He worked with museum staff to develop the Māori exhibitions and care for and display the taonga (treasures) from around New Zealand held by the museum. In particular he led the design and construction of the contemporary marae Rongomaraeroa and the spectacular wharenui "Te Hono ki Hawaiki". The marae complex is situated on the fourth floor of the museum and was completed for the new building's opening with a dawn ceremony and pōwhiri on 14 February 1998. This marae is where all of the museum's formal welcome ceremonies are held and is open for the general public to view during the museum's opening hours.
