Orlando delivered their full-length debut, Passive Soul, in September 1997, released by Blanco y Negro. It received an 8/10 review from the NME (a music paper that had taken a largely hostile attitude towards the group up till then) and made both the Melody Maker and Gay Times albums of the year list (as well as being highly praised by pop bible Smash Hits). The album is now hard to find and commands upwards of £30 on the collectors market.
While "Brett" is sometimes pitched into the fermenter, aging in wood barrels previously infected with "Brettanomyces" is another method used to impart the complexity and sourness contributed by these strains of yeast.
The C.I.P. enforces approval of all ammunition a manufacturer or importer intends to sell in any of the (mainly European) C.I.P. member states. The ammunition manufacturing plants are obliged to test their products during production against the C.I.P. pressure specifications. A compliance report must be issued for each production lot and archived for later verification if needed.
The AGO sponsors a number of education programs, including "Pipe Organ Encounters," which are intended to introduce youth to the organ and its workings. It also produces a series of instructional DVDs for organists, providing insights into advanced playing technique, organ registration, improvisation, and interpretation. Renowned organists on these "Master Series" videos are: Catherine Crozier (vol. 1), Marie-Claire Alain (vol. 2), Frederick Swann (vol. 3), Gerre Hancock (vol. 4), and Marilyn Mason (vol. 5).

<doc id="1045113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1045113" title="Francis L. Dade">
After Galicia had been taken over by the Red Army, many units of UPA abandoned the anti-Polish course of action and some even began cooperating with local Polish anti-communist resistance against the Soviets and the NKVD. Many Ukrainians, who had nothing to do with earlier massacres against the Poles, seeking to defend themselves against communists, joined UPA after the war on both the Soviet and Polish sides of the border.
