2010–11 saw Arsenal perform well in the Premier League and compete strongly in a title challenge, alongside Manchester United. To prove such a challenge, they faced struggling Champions Chelsea on 27 December and mauled them 3–1 at Emirates. Good form continued in the following months and in February manager Arsène Wenger was awarded Manager of the Month Award. Notable events in this month was the 2–1 win over Barcelona, in which the team came from behind to seal a win, and the 4–4 draw against Newcastle that is widely regarded to be one of the most bizarre and great games of the Premier League era. They progressed to the final of the League Cup but were beaten by Birmingham City, ruining their chances of winning a trophy. After this embarrassment, the Gunners went to the Nou Camp to play the second leg of the Barca tie, where they were beaten by the three time winners and eventual victors. Their FA Cup quest ended with defeat in the quarter-finals to Manchester United. Also, completing a miserable couple of weeks for the Gunners, their title hopes were ended when they lost 2–1 to Bolton away in April 2011. After challenging for the title for the majority of the season, Arsenal ended up finishing fourth after losses at Stoke and Aston Villa. With the current season, Arsenal have failed to win a single trophy for the 7th consecutive year.

The Sullivan principles, introduced in 1977 with one addition in 1984, consisted of seven requirements a corporation was to demand for its employees as a condition for doing business. In general, the principles demanded the equal treatment of employees regardless of their race both within and outside of the workplace, demands which directly conflicted with the official South African policies of racial segregation and unequal rights.
Palestinian government officials said on 7 November that IDF troops were beginning to withdraw, thus ending the operation. Fifty-three Palestinians, including 16 civilians, and an IDF soldier, were killed since 31 October.
The Spanish walk is a trained movement performed by a horse. While at a walk, as the horse raises each foreleg off the ground, it lifts the leg in an exaggerated upward and forward manner. While the Spanish walk is loosely affiliated with the field of dressage, it is more of a trick or circus movement and not included in any modern dressage tests. It is often taught to horses of the Andalusian and Lusitano breeds and is considered a part of the horse culture in Spain. The action is said to benefit the horse by helping it learn to open up its shoulder movement.
