The Regiment was based on a single 1970 play that was part of the BBC Drama Playhouse series. The series followed the Cotswold Regiment from 1895 to 1904 and in particular the Gaunt and Bright families. The first series broadcast in 1972 related to the regiment's time with the Boer War, the second 1973 series followed the regiment in the British Raj in India.
In 1857, James' youngest aunt, Margaret Pierson Jermain Slocum and her daughter Margaret Olivia Slocum, came to reside at Hedge Lawn after Mrs. Slocum's husband died. They resided at Hedge Lawn at least 12 years until daughter Margaret Olivia Slocum met and married Russell Sage. Upon Sage's death, Margaret Olivia Slocum Sage was reported by the New York Times to be the richest woman in America. She donated the funds to found Russell Sage College and was a large donor to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, both in Troy, NY. 
La Patère Rose was a Canadian francophone electro-pop group formed in 2003 in Sherbrooke. The band was composed of keyboardist Roboto (Thomas Hébert), drummer Kilojules (Julien Harbec) and singer-pianist Fanny Bloom (Fanny Grosjean).
Kose is a small borough () in Võru Parish, Võru County, in southeastern Estonia. It has a population of 615.
Description.
Panzer Campaigns is a series of operational level wargames released by HPS Simulations. Currently, there are twenty-two titles in the series. Being "hardcore" wargames, not marketed in normal gaming channels, they were seldom reviewed by mainstream gaming sites or publications. All were reviewed in specialist venues, like The Wargamer.
Floyd was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He attended George Washington High School in Philadelphia, where he played for the Washington Eagles high school football team. He totaled over 50 tackles, two sacks and seven tackles for losses during his junior season while tearing his ACL during a semifinal playoff game. He received an invitation to the annual U.S. Army National Combine in January 2009, but initially could not afford the travel costs to San Antonio, Texas. With help from special-education students and counselor, Dawn Seeger, Floyd baked brownies and sold them at school for weeks to raise the money. He was able to make the trip and earned first-team all-combine honors. After his senior season at Washington High School, he was named a high school All-American by "USA Today", "Parade" magazine, and EA Sports. He ended his high school career at the 2010 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Ostrovsky () (1827–1901) was a Russian statesman who served as Minister of State Property (a post roughly equivalent to the American position of Secretary of the Interior) under the reign of Alexander III.
A characteristic of this and other cave painting places in northeastern México is the lack of ethnic-historical references. Spanish colonial authors wrote many details about the art and work of Mesoamerican native groups, but there were few detailed descriptions for native groups of northeastern New Spain a large sparsely populated area before European settlements, also they are very frugal in describing the lives and ways of the region inhabitants. Captain Alonso de León, was the first colonial author who made a complete description about the native American groups in the region, their lives and customs, Alonso depicted them as barbaric semi-nomad groups divided in numerous subgroups with no dominant culture. It makes it difficult to determine which group or groups took part in the implementation of the Boca de Potrerillos petroglyphs. However recent archaeological work by authors such as William B. Murray, Solveig A. Turpin, Herbert H. Eling Jr., and others have provided understanding of the cave art and artists at Boca de Potrerillos.
