<doc id="22163257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22163257" title="M31 motorway (Hungary)">
Total: $45,000
Oliver died at Glossop at the age of 62.
Isabelle Ronan.

In 2011 at the age of 79 while conducting Industrial History research at the Minllyn slate mine in North Wales, Peter and his son Daniel both suffered a fall in the mine resulting multiple bone fractures. They exited the mine with their injuries and were rescued by a Sea King from C Flight of No. 22 Squadron RAF Air Sea Rescue in Anglesey and taken to Bangor hospital for treatment. The author subsequently appeared on "Episode 2" of the BBC Television programme 'Helicopter Rescue' broadcast on 22 Feb 2012.
Frank Depestele

Background lighting --
Motion blur --
Recent individual national statistical champions.
As the threat of war with the British Empire became more real, Brazil had to turn its attention to its southern frontiers. Another civil war had begun in Uruguay turning its political parties against each other. The internal conflict led to the murder of Brazilians and looting of their property in Uruguay. Brazil's government decided to intervene, fearful of giving any impression of weakness in the face of conflict with the British. A Brazilian army invaded Uruguay in December 1864 beginning the brief Uruguayan War, which ended on 20 February 1865.
In television, Serpico has guest-starred on such shows as "Law & Order", ', ', and "Person of Interest". He played Mickey Mantle in the ESPN miniseries "The Bronx Is Burning". He has enjoyed a recurring role in "Rescue Me", and a starring role as Col. Frank Sherwood in "Army Wives".
Donald J. Hughes (April 2, 1915- April 12, 1960) was an American nuclear physicist, chiefly notable as one of the signers of the Franck Report in June, 1945, recommending that the United States not use the atomic bomb as a weapon to prompt the surrender of Japan in World War II. 




Calamia
Carteris is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.
This list is in alphabetical order by their European and/or North American names.
