The People's Fair is an annual event, held in early June, in Civic Center Park in Denver, Colorado, U.S.A. It is sponsored by Capitol Hill United Neighborhoods (CHUN).
In 1938, the Korean Sports Festival was forcibly dissolved by the colonial government. The festival, numbered 26th, resumed upon the 1945 liberation of Korea. With the establishment of South Korea in 1948, the event was renamed the "National Sports Festival," and individual competition was changed to competition among cities and provinces. The festival was cancelled in 1951, during the Korean War.

<doc id="5441189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5441189" title="Jean Davignon">
Health.
Rabbi Mordechai Aby Serour and the last Timbuktu community.
The Joffrey Ballet makes its home in Chicago. Other ballet, modern and jazz dance troupes that are located in the city include Hubbard Street Dance Chicago, River North Chicago Dance Company, Gus Giordano Jazz Dance Chicago, Chicago Dance Crash, Thodos Dance Chicago, Chicago Festival Ballet and The Joel Hall Dancers.
<doc id="5442368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5442368" title="Cerro Azul (Ecuador volcano)">
Although Madeline's claims were found to be groundless, the resulting legal fees were too much for Kern. According to a 1956 El Paso Times article, "One of the banks took over, making a contract with Mr. Kern to allow him to sell off what land was still considered his, making him an allowance as long as practicable of $100 a month on which he lived for a while." But soon the demand for land in Kern had diminished, and Kern's remaining assets rapidly disappeared.

Background.
Meyer co-authored "The Union Square Cafe Cookbook" (HarperCollins, 1994) with his business partner, Chef Michael Romano. The book earned the IACP Julia Child Award for the best new cookbook by a first-time author, and was followed up with the highly acclaimed "Second Helpings from Union Square Cafe" (HarperCollins, 2001). Meyer also authored the New York Times bestseller "Setting the Table" (HarperCollins, 2006), which examines the power of hospitality in restaurants, business, and life. In May 2009, Meyer's restaurants released a cocktail cookbook, "Mix Shake Stir" (Little, Brown) featuring 140 recipes, along with tips, anecdotes and photography.
The "police officer" demanded that Ogborn be searched at the restaurant because no officers were available at the moment to handle such a minor matter. Ogborn was brought into an office and ordered to remove her clothes, which Summers then placed in a bag and took to her car, as instructed. Ogborn then put on an apron to partially cover herself. Kim Dockery, another assistant manager, was present at that time; Dockery believed she was there as a witness to the search.
Changtang
On June 18, 2009, a RiffTrax for "The Room" was released, featuring commentary by Michael J. Nelson, Bill Corbett and Kevin Murphy of "Mystery Science Theater 3000".
Global versions.
The Oriental rat flea ("Xenopsylla cheopis"), also known as the tropical rat flea, is a parasite of rodents, primarily of the genus "Rattus", and is a primary vector for bubonic plague and murine typhus. This occurs when the flea has fed on an infected rodent, and then bites a human.
Stemborers, parasitic striga weeds and poor soil fertility are the three main constraints to efficient production of cereals in sub-Saharan Africa. Losses caused by stemborers can reach as high as 80% in some areas and an average of about 15-40% in others. Losses attributed to striga weeds, on the other hand, range between 30% and 100% in most areas, and are often exacerbated by the low soil fertility prevalent in the region. The soils are highly degraded due to continuous cropping with limited or no external inputs to improve soil fertility. When the two pests occur together, farmers often lose their entire crops. Crop losses caused by stemborers and striga weeds amount to about US$ 7 billion annually, affecting mostly the resource-poor subsistence farmers.
"Bronze" coinage was issued in five denominations; the weight and size varies greatly and most likely no effort was made to conform to a set standard, they may be denominated in chalkoi.

The crystal structure is cubic and the lattice constant is "a" = 1057 pm.
A factor covered in the Monopolies Commission Report is the association of Chrysler with Rootes Group so that there was the possibility of a take-over from USA putting Jaguar's and Rover's body supplies at risk if BMC's proposal was vetoed. It was also noted by the commission that an internal document drawn up while negotiations between BMC and Pressed Steel were in progress set out the terms and assurances to be offered to customers including that the continuance of supply of bodies or tools to customers other than BMC would be "subject to BMC's own requirements". The Commission subsequently obtained assurances that allocations will be made to all customers on a "pro rata" basis.

Railway lines from Hay station.

"Käsivarsi", the Finnish word for arm, refers to the location of the area—in the raised arm of the Maiden of Finland.
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2010, the airport had 55,763 aircraft operations, an average of 152 per day: 71% general aviation, 27% military, 2% air taxi, and <1% scheduled commercial, At that time there were 76 aircraft based at this airport: 60% single-engine, 24% multi-engine, 8% jet and 8% helicopter.

Demographics.
