Encounters With Canada.
<doc id="2460547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2460547" title="Chris Young">
Every time the German club Bayern Munich score, a remixed version of the song is played. Also the song was played every time a team scored a goal, in Wembley Stadium for the 2013 UEFA Champions League Final, which Bayern Munich won 2–1 against Borussia Dortmund. And in the 2013 UEFA Super Cup the song was played again, every time a team scored a goal, which saw Bayern Munich win the match against Chelsea, in a penalty shooutout 5–4, after the match ended 2–2 in normal and extra time.
According to a medieval tradition, Wakering (probably Great Wakering) was the site of a monastery during the seventh century AD. Two Christian cousins of King Ecgberht of Kent, named Aethelred and Aethelberht, were murdered at Eastry, a royal dwelling in the Kingdom of Kent, during King Ecgberht's reign (664-673). They were prevented by a miracle from being buried at Canterbury, and were taken instead to an existing monastery at Wakering in the Kingdom of Essex and enshrined there as saints. Ecgberht's brother and successor King Hlothhere of Kent is said by William of Malmesbury to have ridiculed the idea of their sanctity.
The band was formed in London in 1993 by founder members NJ Wilow (vocals), Alex Culpin (bass guitar), Philip Spalding (guitar) and Greg Sanford (drums). The line up was cemented when Richard Davies (guitar) and Jon Solomon (drums) replaced Spalding and Sanford. This was the line up that played at Glastonbury, Reading and T in the Park festivals in 1994, and who recorded the majority of the songs on the album 'Volcanoes'. A final line up appeared post recording of the band's only album 'Volcanoes' comprising NJ Wilow (vocals), Richard Davies (guitar), Garry Becker (bass) and Dan Neumann (drums). The band quickly attracted press attention from the "NME" and "Melody Maker". The band emerged as part of a perceived wave of female fronted bands influenced by the new wave sounds of the late 70s and early 80s. Other bands to emerge at the same time included Elastica, Sleeper, Echobelly and Salad.
1992
Pizza strips
The 'Newmarket Railway' was built by the Newmarket and Chesterford Railway with the first section from Newmarket to (and on to meet the West Anglia Main Line at Great Chesterford) opened in 1848, followed by a section from Six Mile Bottom to Cambridge in 1851.

At its simplest, "Ca phe da" is made with coarsely ground Vietnamese-grown dark roast coffee individually brewed with a small metal French drip filter ("cà phê phin") into a cup containing about a quarter to a half as much sweetened condensed milk, stirred and poured over ice. The coarse grind allows the use of the "cà phê phin".
