Johnson has not garnered anywhere near the attention of his student and great rival, the Puritan theologian Johnathan Edwards; he received, for example, only 2 pages compared to 16 on Jonathan Edwards in Sydney Ahlstrom's classic work "A Religious History of the American People." But he has been admired for his missionary work, his educational ideas, and his philosophy. Johnson has been called "a towering intellect of colonial America, a man of great curiosity and philosophical interests", “the most erudite colonial Anglican theologian of the eighteenth century”, “The Founder of American Philosophy”, the“first important philosopher in colonial America and author of the first philosophy textbook published there”, “the first to give to education that thought and attention which his countrymen have continued to devote to it”, the "Father of the Episcopal Church in Connecticut", and “The First Psychological Author in America”. His works and his list of books read between 1719 and 1755 have also been used to trace the evolution of the American Colonial mind by Norman Fiering and Joseph Ellis. He is the subject of two nineteenth century biographies (Chandler, Beardsley) each of which went to two editions, three twentieth-century books (Schneider, Ellis, Carrol) along with a number of book length dissertations, and is the focus (so far) of two twenty-first-century books (Erlach and DeMille, Olsen).
Athmallik was an estate (jagir) which was recognized as a princely state in 1874. Athmallik was one among the 26 Feudatory states of Odisha. Kaintragarh was the capital of Athmallik State. Being Carved out of the earst while Boudh Ex-Feudatory state . It was recognise a separate princely state in 11th century established by King Prattap Deo, a Scion of Kadamba Dynasty . Prattap Deo was said to have found a Honda (Metal Vessel) which was considered to be lucky enough, after which the territory was then named as “Hondpa” In Course of time, one of the chief divided the Ex-state in to eight divisions and placed one Sub-chief called “Malla” in each division with a view of suppressing the un-rully tribes, on the basis of which the kingdom changed its name from “Hondpa” to “Athmallik” The state merged in Dhenknal from the rule of Kishore Chandra Dev in 1948 and remained under Dhenkanal District till 31.03.1993 . Due to bifurcation on the District Athmallik, Sub-Division is now under Angul District from, 1993.
<doc id="5706934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5706934" title="Physiological interaction">
The river Chère flows westward through the commune.
