Maud Burke was born in San Francisco, to an Irish-American father, James Burke (who claimed descent from the Irish rebel Robert Emmet) and his half-French wife. She was brought up in New York, where she became a devotee of music, hearing her first Wagner (the complete "Ring" cycle) when she was 12. She hoped to marry Prince André Poniatowski, grandson of the last King of Poland, but he jilted her and in April 1895 she married Sir Bache Cunard, grandson of the founder of the Cunard shipping line. He was 21 years her senior, and despite his affection for her, they had little in common. He preferred to live at his country house, Nevill Holt Hall, in Leicestershire, where he was a keen huntsman. His wife began to establish a reputation as a hostess, "with a taste for the arts, or for artists anyhow, especially musicians", and was known for being extremely well read in French and English literature. 
There was also much antipathy between him and UDA brigadier Tommy "Tucker" Lyttle due to Craig having allegedly made Lyttle's daughter pregnant. Later it was revealed that Lyttle worked as an informer for the Royal Ulster Constabulary's Special Branch. Lyttle died of natural causes in October 1995.
Services.
The duty to mitigate is not to ‘take any step which a reasonable and prudent man would not ordinarily take in the course of his business.’ Only reasonable steps.

Bashkim Dedja is the current head of the Constitutional Court of Albania.
<doc id="31211773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31211773" title="Earthquake casualty estimation">
SVASE hosts a variety of events for entrepreneurs to network with successful startup founders and potential investors, and to learn about the best practices for becoming a success themselves.
Naxalbari (community development block) is an administrative division in Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the Indian state of West Bengal. Naxalbari police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is at Naxalbari. There is one census town in this block:Uttar Bagdogra, It is on the border with Nepal, where Mahendra Highway across that country from east to west begins and has a checkpoint for customs as well as for third country nationals.
Bait (1950 film)
Leading up to the release of All American, Hoodie held a series of live streamed video chats via Ustream called "Hoodie Allen Mondays" or HAM. In it he would preview new music and hold trivia. The fan who tweeted the answer first would get to be called on-air. It was later changed to "Hoodie Hang" occurring Wednesdays streaming live on YouTube via Google+ hangout.
<doc id="31213771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31213771" title="Cut to Create">
The writer Aasmund Olavsson Vinje lived in one of these houses, where he became friends with the painter Peder Balke. The writer Peter Christen Asbjørnsen also lived for a while in a house at the intersection of Bogstadveien and Rosenborggaten Street.
The Jammu and Kashmir Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The Legislature is composed of:
The Uttar Pradesh Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The Legislature is composed of:
In 1861 he married Mary Christina, eldest daughter of William Robins, of Hagley, Worcestershire. There were no children.

In 1977 Murry had her alleged psychic abilities tested by a doctor from Cambridge University under the supervision of the broadcaster BBC and obtained good results. Hope claimed to remember her past lives including not being human by belonging to the devic kingdom.
Townships:
The 1999–2000 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
<doc id="31217464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31217464" title="Nobody Wins (Brenda Lee song)">
Death.
<doc id="31218396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31218396" title="Canadian prohibition plebiscite, 1898">
Cosmopterix beckeri
Adults have been collected in April, June and August.
