Phi Centauri (φ Cen, φ Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus. φ Centauri is a blue-white B-type subgiant with an apparent magnitude of +3.83. It is approximately 530 light years from Earth.
Upsilon1 Centauri
David Juarez (born March 4, 1961 in Downey, California U.S.) is a former professional "Old School" Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer and current top mountain bike racer whose prime competitive years in BMX were from 1978 to 1984 and in mountain bike racing 1986 to the present. Since 1986, he has been a mountain bike racer and since late 2005, competing as an ultra-distance road bike racer. In all three disciplines, he has won numerous national and international competitions. Most recently, "Tinker" finished third in the 2006 Race Across America Enduro bicycle road race.


High school career.
In 1956, Diệm recalled him to Saigon to help deal with the Hòa Hảo, a religious sect equipped with a private army. The Hòa Hảo was effectively an autonomous entity in the Mekong Delta, as its private army enforced a parallel administration and refused to integrate into the Saigon administration. While the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) General Dương Văn Minh led the military effort against the Hòa Hảo, Thơ helped to weaken the sect by buying off its warlords.
This had the effect of closing the electoral roll on the day when an election was called, so that anyone who had not registered before it was called would not be able to vote.
<doc id="5113242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5113242" title="Command HQ">
Amateur
<doc id="5113765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5113765" title="Yutaka Ozaki">
The term is also used by various mendicant Orders, e.g., the Carmelites and the Dominicans. This applies both to the friars and the nuns of these Orders.
Umroli
In November 1918 hostilities broke out between Poland and the Western-Ukrainian Republic for the procession of East Galicia and the City of Lwów. In March/April 1919 two Fokker E.Vs were presented by the province of Wielkopolska to the defenders of Lwów. These aircraft were used by the 7th Eskadra Lotnicza, flown by Cpt. Stefan Bastyr and Stec, in operations against Ukrainian forces. He carried out the first bombing sortie on November 7. Later he flew the Fokker D.VII fighter.

However, offshore trusts have other uses too:
The German continued contesting the European Le Mans Series in 2011 for the Felbermayr-Proton team. He and Lietz managed two podiums but neither wins in five rounds, so that finished 5th in the drivers' championship and 3rd in the teams championship of the renowned GTE-Pro category. Counting with Henzler as third driver for the fourth consecutive year, finished 4th in the GTE-Pro class at the 24 Hours of Le Mans. In their participation in the 12 Hours of Sebring for Flying Lizard, again accompanying a Bergmeister and Long, finished in 6th position. No raced Petit Le Mans, although in the 24 Hours of Daytona, where he finished 6th in the GT class in a Brumos' Porsche 911. He also returned to win the 24 Hours of Nürburgring for Manthey, forming crew Bernhard, Dumas and Luhr. He also returned to pair with Alex Davidson, but this time at the invitation of V8 Supercars to drive a Ford Falcon in Surfers Paradise Grand Prix, he finished 23rd and 18th in each race.
The diamondback water snake is found in the central United States, predominantly along the Mississippi River valley, but its range extends beyond that. It ranges within the states of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Iowa, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Tennessee, Mississippi, Georgia, and Alabama. It is also found in northern Mexico, in the states of Coahuila, Nuevo León, Tamaulipas, and Veracruz. 
