The class has distributed traction, traction equipment was moved underfloor, with powered bogies distributed in alternate carriages along the length of the train. This removes the need for driving units at either end, which AVE Class 100 and 102 have, allowing a better use of space, better energy efficiency, better acceleration at lower speeds, and better ability to climb grades. For the AVE Class 103, four of the eight cars were fitted with two powered bogies each.

It is based on the theory that the Tunguska Event was caused by a micro black hole.
Agarak (), is a village and a rural community in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported Agarak's population as 183 in 2010, down from 190 at the 2001 census.

Arevik, Shirak
Tiruchuli (State Assembly Constituency) was created recently. Mr.Thangam Thennarasu this General elections 2011 from this constituency as a Member of Legislative Assembly.
Thunder fans are also reportedly much more likely to attend major home games than most other NBA fanbases. According to a source in the ticket industry, only 5 percent of tickets to the 2012 NBA conference finals listed for sale on secondary market sites such as StubHub were for Thunder home games, and for every ticket listed for a Thunder home game in the 2012 NBA Finals, 10 tickets for Heat home games were listed.
<doc id="18256353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18256353" title="Darbas">
Geography and Climate.
References.
Admission.
and their website is no longer reachable. A Mirror of it [http://dev.vollee.com] also appeared but it has been removed as well.
Scientific data are the foundation of fisheries management. To manage fisheries, data are needed not only for species targeted by a fishery, but for all species in the ecosystem. Observers are the only source of independent data collection for some types of at-sea information. Bycatch, catch composition, and gear configuration cannot be seen otherwise. This data are used to support the National Marine Fisheries Service in their effort for conservation and management activities. These include: Bycatch Reduction, Stock Assessment, Protected Species, Gear Research, and Fisheries Regulations.

In 1862, there was already an Old Believers' chapel in the village.
Kard, Armenia
