In 1958, two Texas brothers, Joe and R. L. Spillman, opened the first Pizza Inn across from Southern Methodist University in Dallas.
Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman was prominent in the military campaigns of his elder brother King Abdulaziz as he laid the foundations of the future state of Saudi Arabia. He was responsible for the capture and destruction of the Ikhwan centre of Ghatghat during the Ikhwan Revolt of 1929. He became a frequent participant in the political committee formed by the King in 1932 following the establishment of Saudi Arabia. He was the key counsellor of the King, the member of the privy council, and one of the king's official advisors until the King's death in 1953. He was a participant at the meeting with the British premier Winston Churchill in 1945. He also accompanied King Abdulaziz to the meeting with Franklin D. Roosevelt on 14 February 1945.
In the spring or early summer of 1846, during the time of US-Mexican War, Charles Bent visited Colonel Stephen W. Kearny, leader of the Army of the West at Forth Leavenworth, Kansas. Together with a large contingent of his army, Kearny gathered at Bent's Fort by the end of June in preparation to march on Santa Fe on behalf of the Government of the United States to take possession of New Mexico that belonged to the Republic of Mexico. Padre Martinez, the priest of Taos, had been a Mexican nationalist. He had been ordained a priest in Durango, Mexico a year after Mexican Independence, and considered Padre Miguel Hidalgo (Father of Mexican Independence) a hero and mentor. At the same time, he considered George Washington as another of his hero-mentors. Padre Martinez appreciated the ideals spelled out in the American Constitution and Bill of Rights. Although Padre Martinez had resisted U.S. encroachment into New Mexico since the early 1840s, he eventually came to believe that New Mexico would be better off under the flag of the United States. Before coming into Santa Fe, Kearny was aware that Padre Martinez was the main religious and political leader in northern New Mexico and throughout the whole region. Kearny, ironically, dispatched Captain Bent with a dozen soldiers to escort Padre Martinez and his brothers from Taos to Santa Fe in order to pledge allegiance to the American Flag. Because of their convictions, and in order to attempt avoiding bloodshed in the civil transfer of power, they willingly complied, thus becoming the first inhabitants of New Mexico to become citizens of the United States. Moreover, Colonel Kearny asked Padre Martinez to borrow his Ramage printing press on which the Padre had published New Mexico's first book, a newspaper, as well as religious and educational materials. The Padre lent the press to the Colonel soon-to-be promoted to Brigadier General, and Kearny used it to publish his Code of Laws.
In season 2, Dad has left to look for new hunting grounds, and a new character, "Chief", has replaced him. In a flashback episode near the end of the season it was shown that Dad left Mum in charge, but she lost a bet with "The Chief of the Tribe to the North" and the tribes merged to form a larger one.
Established in 2005 by Fiji TV as a Direct-To-Home (DTH) satellite service for Fiji and the Pacific, it started with 12 channels and eventually expanded to 16 channels in 2006. 
During Chief Pimlott’s career, he has risen through the ranks, beginning as a seasonal fire fighter in Tulare Unit in 1987. He has held a variety of resource management and fire protection positions within the department, including Pre-fire Management Division Chief, Fire Chief for the City of Moreno Valley and program manager for CAL FIRE’s Cooperative Fire Protection Programs.
To assess the impact of demobilization one has to consider the resources involved, the dynamic processes of production, redistribution and the different factors and actors in policy making and implementation. The ultimate objective of demobilization and reintegration efforts should be to improve the welfare of people. Demobilization of combatants frees human potential that can contribute to achieving these objectives.
Kenneth N. Stevens
According to the "McClatchy" interviewer Taj Mohammed was mentored and given lessons in Arabic and the Koran by Yemeni captive Ali Abdullah Ahmed -- one of the three men camp authorities reported committed suicide on June 10, 2006.
Jimmy Van M
David Architzel
Johann Gropper
The emperor Constantius Chlorus had campaigned successfully against several Germanic peoples during the internecine civil wars that had brought him to sole power over the Roman Empire. Among them were the Frisii and Chamavi, who were described in the "Panegyrici Latini" (Manuscript VIII) as being forced to resettle within Roman territory as "laeti" (i.e., Roman-era serfs) in c. 296. This is the last reference to the ancient Frisii in the historical record. However they would appear once more, this time in the archaeological record. The discovery of a type of earthenware unique to 4th century Frisia, called "terp Tritzum", shows that an unknown number of them were resettled in Flanders and Kent, likely as "laeti" under the aforementioned Roman coercion.
He was the Royal Society of Chemistry's Tilden Lecturer in 1974, and the Pedler Lecturer in 1984, and received the (first) RSC Award in Heterocyclic Chemistry in 1980 and the International award in Heterocyclic Chemistry in 1995. He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society in 1974. He was awarded an Honorary D.Sc. by the University of Leicester in 1994 and a CBE in the New Years Honours list in 1995.
Pre-Preparatory.

'Massachusetts Murder Medallions' (once again produced by Gordon Raphael) was released 10 May 10, 2004. The single was made available only on CD format and was also given a promo video. The video received many requests on MTV2, more radio airplay and a small fanbase. To converge with the release, the band went on tour with Ikara Colt, Bloc Party and from May - June in 2004. The band also played with Jetplane Landing on May 26, 2004. A live recording of this whole gig exists but only a few people have the Kill Kenada set, with Jetplane Landing's set being used on their 'Courage/Danger' EP release.
Criticism.
Cheddleton station, situated on the Churnet Valley Line of the NSR, was opened to both passengers and goods on 1 September 1849.
Forces sweetheart

Uses.

<doc id="4841142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4841142" title="Dirk Müller">
In 1931, the Akita was officially declared a Japanese Natural Monument. The Mayor of Odate City in Akita Prefecture organized the Akita Inu Hozankai to preserve the original Akita as a Japanese natural treasure through careful breeding. In 1934 the first Japanese breed standard for the Akita Inu was listed, following the breeds declaration as a natural monument of Japan. In 1967, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Akita Dog Preservation Society, the Akita Dog Museum was built to house information, documents and photos.


The Nyalali Commission of February 1991 was a Presidential Commission set up under the leadership of then-Chief Justice Francis Nyalali of Tanzania to collect the views of citizens and make appropriate recommendations on whether the country should adopt a multiparty or single party system. It sat during the term of President Ali Hasan Mwinyi. Based on the reports given by the Commission, the Constitution of Tanzania was gradually modified in the following years to accommodate for a multi-party system.
GammaChrome.
Manchester.
The original soundtrack to the film "Trespass" was released in 1992. It features performances from a variety of hip hop acts, including Public Enemy, Black Sheep, and Sir Mix-a-Lot. The title track was performed by two actors from the film, Ice Cube and Ice-T. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in March 1994.

The song was written and produced by Erasure members Vince Clarke and Andy Bell. "All This Time Still Falling Out of Love" is a straight up dance music number displaying Clarke's signature syncopated, analogue synth noises and rhythm patterns. The song's original mix, by Tom Elmhirst, appeared as its single version; on "Nightbird", it was the one song not to have been mixed by Elmhirst, instead appearing as a harsher dance remix by Vince Clarke and Mark Saunders, who had mixed much of Erasure's early material. In addition, the DVD single contained a live version.
"Hari Pahlawan" is observed every 10 November to commemorate heavy fighting between Indonesian nationalist militias and British Allied forces at Surabaya, East Java on 10 November 1945. This was the first large-scale international armed conflict involving Indonesia after its Proclamation of Independence on 17 August 1945.
Spain (1936–1975).
Section 7 Inquiries.
<doc id="4843875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4843875" title="Altcar and Hillhouse railway station">
