The IRS also has weighed in on the subject of credit counseling, and has denied nonprofit 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status to around 30 of the nation's 1000 credit counseling agencies. Those 30 credit counseling agencies account for more than half of the industry's revenue. Audits of non-profit credit counseling agencies by the IRS are ongoing.
Kamikaze 1NT is a preemptive 1NT opening in the game of contract bridge and in common practice shows a balanced hand with 10-12 high-card points (HCP). It is used in first or second seat hoping to make 1NT opposite an average hand of about 10 HCP.
Might (magazine)
TASSS is named after Thomas Alexander Stewart (1786-1847). Thomas and his wife, Frances Browne Stewart (1794-1872), emigrated to Canada with their children and Thomas' brother-in-law and former business partner, Robert Reid, and his family. The party of 27 set sail from Belfast Lough on June 1, 1822. Seven weeks were spent on the ship before reaching Quebec. From Quebec they travelled to Kingston, and then on to York, where Stewart and Reid were each granted , provided they settled in an township. Douro Township in Peterborough County was suggested as a promising region. On September 9, 1822, Stewart and Reid travelled to the area with surveyor Richard Birdsall, and each chose land on the Otonabee River. Thomas and Frances developed their home, "Auburn," on Lot 1, Concession 1, raising a family of 10 children to adulthood and assisting other settlers. Thomas Stewart became a prominent and influential citizen in the area until his death in 1847 from typhoid fever.
When Francine was about 14 years old, she had an obsessive crush on her algebra teacher, Mr. Feeny. At one point, his wife discovered her in his closet, "cutting herself and sniffing his T-shirts." The police were called and Francine lied to them and said that she and Mr. Feeny were lovers. Mr. Feeny was sent to jail, where he committed suicide. From then on in high school, she was attacked by a group of popular pretty girls while showering in gym class and was said to have been "very depressed" until she found the "miracle of marijuana", although in "Jones for a Smith," she doesn't believe Hayley smokes marijuana, despite Hayley's realization that she has a problem with it and begging to go to rehab (though this could simply be Francine looking down on and calling 911 on her daughter).
Dulce Domum (lit. "Sweetly at Home") is a song written by Robert Ambrose in 1876.
