Wood craftsmen begin by making a model of the desired metal object from hardwood, using lathes, saws, and planes, which were all powered by the Knight Wheels. The model, called a pattern, is then placed in a casting flask, in its simplest form a topless and bottomless box split in half around its perimeter. The flask is placed on a board and a sand mixture (containing seacoal, bentonite clay, and pitch) poured and rammed around the pattern. The additives harden and stabilize the sand so that the flask can be split apart and the pattern removed leaving an exact impression or mold in the sand. The pattern can be reused almost indefinitely to create more molds in additional casting flasks. A channel or gate is left in the sand so that when the flask is rejoined, the ironworkers can pour the molten iron into it through the opening. When the iron has solidified the flask is broken apart, destroying the sand mold in the process, to reveal the rough casting.
While Pillai Lokacharya lived in Srirangam heading Emperumanar's Darsanam, the Islamic invasion of the city occurred. To save the temple and Periya Perumal, His sannidhi was covered with brick stones and a different vigraha was kept in front by Sri Pillai Lokacharya. Pillai Lokacharya left Srirangam along with Namperumal and Nacchimaars ahead of the invasion. While going through a forest they were attacked by thieves who stole all the jewellery and vessels of Namperumal. Pillai Lokacharya gave them everything he had and even rejected the items when they returned them to him. Happy that they left Namperumal with him, he continued on. They then reached a small town called Jyothishkudi. Here Pillai Lokacharya fell ill and reached His lotus feet. The year was 1311 CE and the day was jyEshtha suddha dvAdasi. At his death bed he advised his disciples such as Koorakuloththama Dasa and Vilanjsolai Pillai that Srisailesa was working for the king at Madurai and that they should bring him back into the Srivaishnava fold so that he could lead the darsanam.
