2006
Implications.

List of colleges and universities in Colorado
Richard Bruning was a key part of Capital Comics' staff, acting as Editor-In-Chief and Art Director until the company ceased operation in 1984. Besides "Nexus", the other titles published by Capital were "Badger" and "Whisper". In 1984, after publishing only a handful of issues of their three titles, Capital shut down its publishing operation. Its titles were taken over by the new independent publisher First Comics.

On February 19, 1949, column 1 of the Shanxi-Hebei-Shandong-Henan Military Region in Henan Shen Qiu area became the 16th Army of the People's Liberation Army, was placed under the 5th Corps of the PLA Second Field Army. Yinxian Bing was appointed army commander. 
The game takes place in the Apano System, where its human-like inhabitants have been busily exploring, colonizing and extracting resources from the planets and moons within it. The seventh planet in the system, Apano Sin, is selected to be the next colonized planet by the system’s inhabitants. Everything goes well on the planet until the researchers discover water below Apano Sin’s surface. Upon ingesting this water, the researchers discover it rejuvenates the body, but upon continual consumption, the subject overdoses and becomes violent and over-active. This scenario comes true as the entire staff of the Apano Sin project take over the planet and its four moons using the project’s defense ships to wreak havoc upon the uninfected. The player, assuming the role of a nameless ship captain, is assigned to rid the planet of the infected staff. 
The Act was widely criticised by civil society organisations and academics who said it was in conflict with the South African Constitution and PIE Act and who considered it to be repressive and anti-poor legislation.
He was a bay gelding sired by Al Hareb (won GB William Hill Futurity Stakes) out of Headford Lass (GB) (Red Alert (IRE)-Deep Company (GB)).
Weibin District, Xinxiang () is a district of Henan, China. It is under the administration of the Xinxiang city.
