
Samsung Electronics will be allowed to sell its latest Galaxy tablet computer including Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 in Australia since December 3, 2011 after it won a victory against Apple and overturned a sales ban in the country. There are around 20 legal disputes in 9 countries including the U.S., Japan and the U.K. between Samsung and Apple.
Welcome to Palestine, dubbed by Israeli media the flytilla, is an initiative of Palestinian civil society organizations in the West Bank to welcome hundreds of internationals to participate in a series of solidarity activities with the Palestinian people in the territory. According to organizers, the aim is also to draw attention to Israel's border policies and life under Israeli occupation. Israeli officials described those participating as "hooligans" and "provocateurs," and maintained they had a right to deny the activists entry. Both in 2011—the project's inaugural year—and 2012, many participants were not allowed onto flights departing from European airports to Israel as a result of Israeli diplomatic efforts. In 2011, a total of 130 activists who did arrive at airport were refused entry upon landing, and a few were flown back to their countries' of origin immediately. Four people were granted entry after agreeing to sign documents in which they pledged not to participate in disturbances of the order. The rest of those refused entry were kept in two jails, some for several days, until their expulsions could be arranged.

During World War I, many members of the Harshmanites religious sect were discharged from employment due to alleged hatred and mistrust engendered by their resistance to the draft. As a result the church felt driven to assume the obligation of furnishing employment to its members. This it did by sponsoring a small manufacturing plant under the name and style of 'Community Industries,' which produced WAC uniforms, candy for army rations, valves used on naval vessels, and other items usable in war. Although the Harshmanites maintained conscientious objector status, Community Industries did produce WAC uniforms, candy for army rations, valves used on naval vessels, and other items usable in war; testimony in a 1962 court case iindicated that they had a "reluctance to manufacture munitions," but did not consider doing so immoral or a violation of Christian belief. In 1964, Community Industries had assets of approximately $3,800,000.00 and about 400 employees. Community suffered severe losses in the recession of 1957-1958. Business improved after that for a time, but in 1963 the corporation again suffered substantial losses due to "much more severe" competition and uninsured fire losses. It managed to continue with the aid of capital invested by many of its factory workers who mortgaged "what they could." But apparently its position continued to deteriorate, particularly from January through March, 1966. On April 22, 1966, Community filed proceedings for an arrangement under Chapter XI of the federal Bankruptcy Act and was dissolved.

Oceania (OFC).
Oswald meets a representative of the Governor of Kentucky who has come to apologize for any pain Oswald suffered during his failed execution, but Oswald demands that he should be released since he technically already served his sentence or else he will sue the State for breaching his Eighth and Fifth Amendment rights for unlawful imprisonment and unnecessary pain. Realizing the lawsuit could cost millions for the State, the Governor reluctantly releases Oswald due to Force majeure, much to public anger.
