On 5 November 2011, Prince Salman was appointed Minister of Defence, replacing his full brother late Crown Prince Sultan, and late Prince Sattam bin Abdulaziz was named as the governor of the Riyadh Province. Prince Salman was also named as a member of the National Security Council (NSC) on the same day.
Idealization is the process by which scientific models assume facts about the phenomenon being modeled that are strictly false but make models easier to understand or solve. That is, it is determined whether the phenomenon approximates an "ideal case," then the model is applied to make a prediction based on that ideal case. 
Remedios T. Romualdez (formerly Mina–Ano) is a fifth class municipality in the province of Agusan del Norte province, Philippines. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 15,735 people.
For many years Khāleghi worked as a musical advisor for Radio Iran and was one of the founders of the program known as "Gol'hā" (Flowers). He also conducted the "Gol'hā" Orchestra, for which he composed many pieces and revised the original compositions of his contemporaries as well as older masters, such as Āref and Sheydā. Although revised, the compositions retained all their original characteristics.
The term "astrogation" was first used by science fiction writers beginning in the first half of the 20th century.
Their second TV show KAT-TUN no Zettai Manetaku Naru TV began on October 18, 2011, on NTV. During the broadcast of the first episode, it was revealed that the show will only have 10 episodes in total, and will air till the end of December 2011.
<doc id="2050042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2050042" title="Alisa">
Heaton Mersey is a mostly residential area serving as a commuter zone for Manchester and surrounding area. Heaton Mersey and its neighbouring areas (Heaton Norris, Heaton Chapel and Heaton Moor) are collectively known as the Four Heatons. Part of Heaton Mersey has been designated a conservation area.
From the 8th century, the bow and arrow appeared in the region, manufacture of pottery developed, and Native Americans increasingly depended on bison for survival. Obsidian objects found in various Texan sites attest of trade with cultures in present-day Mexico and the Rocky Mountains, as the material is not found locally.
Eight years after its creation as a regular municipality, on June 17, 1967, by virtue of Republic Act No. 4979, the Province of Agusan was divided into the Provinces of Agusan del Norte and Agusan del Sur, in which San Francisco was part of the latter. The continued growth of Agusan del Sur also saw the development of the municipality of San Francisco. Its growing population later paved the way for the creation of the municipality of Rosario through Republic Act No. 5760 approved by President Diosdado Macapagal on June 21, 1969, just two years after the creation of Agusan del Sur. As a result, the several barrios of San Francisco including Bayugan III, Wasi-an, Sta. Cruz, Cabawan, Cabantao, Marfil and Tagbayagan were incorporated in the newly created municipality. The barrios of Buenasuerte, Caimpogan, Pasta, Lapinigan, Ebro, New Visayas, Bayugan II, Borbon, Tagapua, Pisaan, Sta. Ana, Hubang, Alegria, San Isidro, Das-agan, Ladgadan, Lucac, Bitan-agan and Poblacion consisting of five barrios as stated in PD No. 86 dated December 31, 1972 remained to form part of the 39,253 hectare Municipality of San Francisco. The barrios of Rizal, Ormaca, Mate and Karaos were later created and added to form final 27 barangays of the present day San Francisco.
Greens South Australia is a Green Party located in South Australia, a member of the federation of the Australian Greens party.
In September 1999, the government presented their proposal for National Transport Plan 2002–11, which included three segments on the Vestfold Line: Holm–Nykirke, Barkåker–Tønsberg and Farriseidet–Porsgrunn. When Parliament passed the plan in February 2001, the Barkåker–Tønsberg segment was prioritized second on the Vestfold Line, after a new passing loop at Nykirke. The passing loop was completed in 2002, the same year as all traffic on the Horten Line was terminated. Råstad Station reopened as Sandefjord Airport Station on 21 January 2007, serving Sandefjord Airport, Torp. This allowed the Vestfold Line to act as a airport rail link to Sandefjord Airport, Torp, which had during the 1990s grown as both a regional airport and as a low-cost airport for Ryanair.

Looking more closely at the data, the authors found that it was the chronic stress in the mother-child relationship and the child-related acute stressors that were the linchpins between child psychopathology and maternal depression. The stress is what fueled the fires between mother and child mental health. Going one step further, the researchers found that youth with a history of more than one diagnosis as well as youth that had externalizing disorders (e.g., conduct disorder) had the highest number of child-related stressors and the highest levels of mother-child stress. Again, all of the findings held up when other potentially stressful variables, such as economic worries and past maternal depression, were controlled for.
Elqui River
