Definition and example.
<doc id="21893866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21893866" title="Carmen Pieraccini">
Jacopo Marin (born 24 March 1984 in Grado ) is a male sprinter from Italia who specializes in the 400 metres. 
It was a winning formula because of its pioneering format of pep talk by a host, Baba Sehgal in its earlier days, and being one of the first interactive content programmes on air. The top 10 songs were decided every week by the polls sent in by the viewers. The response each week was immense in spite of the painstaking postcard polls compared to the SMS poll-ins of these days. The impact of the show can be imagined by the fact that it got its own award show SUMU Awards, which became hugely popular as well. It spawned a number of countdown shows on similar formats but none made an impact much like Superhit Muqabla. It was the first show to have its own theme see as much popularity and recognition as many of the songs featured in it.

Critical reception.
Jennings is said to have called Byrd, "Abe Lincoln" not only because of Byrd's resemblance to the former President but also because Jennings was notorious for forgetting names of his band members. Jennings also described Byrd as the only man other than himself who could play a particular style of "Chicken Pickin" guitar playing that helped to cement Jennings as a country music star.
In designing the gameply, Ishida felt that simply combining the classic elements of "Space Invaders" with newer ones from "Trance Pinball" would not resonant well with the current generation of games, and decided that updated visuals were necessary to successful mix the elements. As a fan of rhythm games, he wanted to fuse the musical and visual aspects of the game and include direct interaction between the two—a general goal Ishida had since joining Taito around 10 years prior. The development staff drew inspiration for the game's visual from music videos for techno songs. Ishida also drew inspiration from "Metal Black", a 1991 Taito shooting game; he commented that the game has an "element of 'evolution' as well". Ishida avoided the style of gameplay because he felt that it would have limited the game's audience. He believed that the intense difficulty of bullet hell games dissuaded beginners and wanted "Infinity Gene" to serve as an introductory shooting game. Instead, Ishida aimed to capture the "flashiness" of the genre in the game's visuals. To increase the "fun and exhilaration", he wanted the game to only look like it has extremely intense battles. The staff applied this to the different game modes, with an emphasis on the Music mode.

Spanish missions.
