Jason "Jadakiss" Phillips, David "Styles P" Styles, and Sean "Sheek Louch" Jacobs, began their musical careers in their hometown of Yonkers, New York. As high school students they formed a group called "The Bomb Squad" and began performing at local shows and producing their own demos. In 1994 they appeared on Main Source's "Set It Off" from the album "Fuck What You Think". While the local rap scene was being dominated by artists like Raw Rome, Lord Devon and a young DMX, the group began to gain attention for their lyrical style and ability to present tales of urban life. The group eventually changed their name to "The Warlocks" and continued developing a fan base by appearing on underground mix tapes. One of their admirers was the "Queen of Hip hop soul," fellow Yonkers native Mary J. Blige. Mary passed their demo tape on to Bad Boy CEO Sean "Puffy" Combs who signed them to a deal. At the behest of Combs, The Warlocks would later change their name to "The L.O.X" which stands for Living Off eXperience.
On Monday, June 4, 2012, WTVY became the first station in the Dothan market to broadcast local news in high definition. Live at Lunch was the first news program aired in HD. Ben Stanfield and Connor Vernon ushered in a new era of local television with Mayor Mike Schmitz of Dothan as a guest. Mayor Schmitz read a proclamation on the first ever local HD broadcast that proclaimed June 4th as "HD Day". 
Other Members of Congress involved.
The traditional flora and fauna of the ecoregion is "transitional", blending elements from the Upper Guinean forests of West Africa and the Lower Guinean-Congolian forests of Central Africa, which constitute the largest blocks of tropical moist forest on the African continent. Trees in the area include Afzelia, which is cultivated for timber, and the Borassus aethiopum palm.
Bayinnaung
Saravanan's students include students of all age groups and even a student of Dr. N. Ramani, who is currently the music director of the Indian orchestra in the National University of Singapore.
Millard Drexler
When the Korean War broke out, there was an urgent need for logistics support vessels, especially tankers, so on 21 July 1950 "Mission De Pala" was reacquired by the Navy and placed in service with MSTS on the same date. The tanker spent most of the war shuttling between Korea, Pearl Harbor, and the west coast of the United States carrying fuel overseas. Transferred to the Maritime Administration on 15 November 1954 she was laid up in the Maritime Reserve Fleet at James River, Virginia. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 22 June 1955.
The GNR later acquired the Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway in July 1881 gaining a through route from Grantham to Wales via the Ambergate, Nottingham, Boston and Eastern Junction Railway.
