Calcitonin gene-related peptide

Canning played soccer for UCC and College Corinthians and played minor and junior football for St.Finbarrs.

<doc id="5693695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5693695" title="Walsall local elections">
Legacy.
The 2006 British Superbike championship was won by Ryuichi Kiyonari, in what was one of the most exciting climaxes to a British Superbike season in years. Kiyonari fought off the challenge of Ducati powered Leon Haslam and Gregorio Lavilla at the final round in Brands Hatch in front of a capacity crowd and a reported 1.5 million live TV viewers, with Kiyonari and Haslam each winning one race, and Lavilla crashing and having an engine problem in both races.
The grandfather of Francis Goodman was a native of Alsace-Lorraine, and served under Napoleon during his Russian campaign never returning. It is probable that he perished in the snows on their retreat from Moscow. His widow moved over the line into Hesse-Darmstadt, Germany, where she reared her only child--our subject's father.
The song had equal success on "Billboard"'s Canadian Hot 100; it reached number five on unpublished versions of the chart, and debuted when the chart was introduced the week of 2 June 2007. The song remained on the Canadian Hot 100 for over six months after the chart was officially introduced. "Say It Right" peaked at number two for three consecutive weeks on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, giving "Loose" a "second wind" on the albums chart, according to the "Herald Sun"; ARIA accredited it as a platinum single. The single debuted at number 37 on the UK Singles Chart in February 2007, before reaching its peak; ten, a month later, and by doing so, it broke the record for the highest chart placing for a download-only single, after chart regulations were changed to allow songs not accompanied by a physical format to chart. Since then, the record was broken by the Coldplay with their number-one hit "Viva la Vida". The popularity of "Say It Right" contributed to sales of "Loose" in the UK, according to "Music Week", helping the album reach its highest chart position since its first week of release. The song was the twenty-ninth best-selling single of 2007 in the UK. The song also spent 37 weeks on the UK Singles Chart, which is twice as long as any other of Furtado's songs (23 of those in the top 40).
<doc id="5694870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5694870" title="Littleover Community School">
There are three classes of SMAD: 
WZAC airs a "Classic Country Format via Westwood One Radio Network".
