
In aerospace technology, Indonesia has a long history in developing military and small commuter aircraft as the only country in Southeast Asia to produce and develop its own aircraft, also producing aircraft components for Boeing and Airbus, with its state-owned aircraft company (founded in 1976), the Indonesian Aerospace (Indonesian: "PT. Dirgantara Indonesia"), which, with EADS CASA of Spain developed the CN-235 aircraft, which has been exported to many countries. Bacharuddin Jusuf Habibie, a former Indonesian president played an important role in this achievement. While active as a professor in Germany, Habibie conducted many research assignments, producing theories on thermodynamics, construction, and aerodynamics, known as the Habibie Factor, Habibie Theorem, and Habibie Method respectively. Indonesia also hopes to manufacture the South Korea KAI KF-X fighter.
In the "Rolling Bootlegs", set in 1930, Isaac and Miria decide to visit Manhattan. When attempting to buy several disguises, they briefly meet Camorristi Firo Prochainezo and Maiza Avaro and befriend the homunculus Ennis, instilling her with confidence and hope. They decide to rob the very small Martillo and Gandor families. The pair sneak into the Martillo's speakeasy, the "Alveare", to scout the area, and while they are in the storage room, Isaac is nearly killed by a ceremonial gunshot from Firo's caporegime inauguration downstairs. Firo and Maiza respond to Miria's scream for help, and the couple are invited to the celebration as an apology. Shortly afterward, they leave to investigate the Gandor headquarters. Believing it contains money, they steal a box. However, they find a bottle of immortality elixir inside, which they mistake for alcohol. Disappointed there is no money, they give the bottle to the Martillo thank them for their kindness. This prompts the immortal Szilard Quates, who owns the elixir and created Ennis, to attack the "Alveare" to retrieve the elixir. He orders Ennis to kill Isaac and Miria, but she attacks Szilard instead. When he is about to kill her, Isaac and Miria defend her, buying enough time for another immortal to devour Szilard, the only way to kill an immortal. It is later discovered that the immortality elixir was not in the bottle the duo stole. Firo, not realizing what it was, had stolen it earlier and distributed it at the celebration, bestowing immortality and eternal youth on all the guests, including Isaac and Miria. In the anime series, the bottle the pair stole is truly the immortality elixir and they inadvertently distribute it at the party as a gesture of thanks toward the Martillo. Afterward, the two travel to California and search for gold.

The Imperial Athletic Ground was a cricket ground in south Bristol owned by the Imperial Tobacco group and used by Somerset. The first first-class match on the ground was in 1957, when Somerset played Sussex in the County Championship. From 1957 to 1966, the ground played host to 9 first-class matches, with the final first-class match held at the ground between Somerset and Hampshire.

In November 1509, Geoffrey Blythe, Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield sent his suffragan Thomas Weell, titular Bishop of Pavada (near Istanbul, Turkey), to ""inclose Joan Hethe, nun of the priory of the Blessed Mary juxta Derby, for a solitary life in the chapel at Macclesfield."" Weell had the title of Bishop but it was a status title only as there was no cathedral or known congregation. Weell had been the rector of Thorley in Hertfordshire and went on to be a Bishop in the Diocese of Coventry and Litchfield.

Kane: A gorewing Shadow commander who is presumably killed in The Consuming Fire.
In the past years, the following special exhibitions were conceived and realized with considerable success in Switzerland and Germany, using parts of the collection and interpretations thereof: "Animals in the Bible", "Publicity for the Gods", " Solomon's Temple ", "God as a woman", "Vertical Ecumenism".
Visiting.
Lučelnica is a village in Croatia. 

