Influences.
Battle.
In 1920 Leeds United were acquired by Huddersfield Town's chairman Hilton Crowther. Crowther planned to amalgamate Huddersfield Town and Leeds United, but a public outcry in the Huddersfield press prevented this; eventually, enough money was raised in Huddersfield to buy Crowther out, leaving him to concentrate solely on Leeds United.
Rybinsky (masculine), Rybinskaya (feminine), or Rybinskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Modern times.

The village has one pub in the form of The Olde Ships Inn (Travellers Rest) which serves a range of beers and lagers in a traditional setting. This is only one of the four original pubs, these being the Travellers Rest, the Rose and Crown, the Blacksmiths Arms and the Village Tavern. The pub gets its name from being a staging post on the Durham to Sunderland coaching road (the old Durham road) which passes through the village. 
Segrelles gained popularity in Europe for his painted comic book epic "The Mercenary" ("El Mercenario"), started in 1980. Set in a medieval fantasy world, "El Mercenario" follows the adventures of a mercenary in his fight against evil. Unusual for the craft of comic books, every panel of his work for this series—which has reached 13 issues so far—is painted in oil, a time-consuming process.
Trainees are housed at DPS headquarters in Austin and receive training both there and at a driving and firing range in Williamson County, north of Austin. Academies are paramilitary in nature and are physically and mentally demanding. Academies are styled as Class A/B-(Year), and last anywhere from 18 to 28 weeks. On average, two academies are held per year; this number can be altered by the Texas DPS director as necessary. Hands-on material covered includes weapons training, accident investigation, self-defense, pursuit driving, and intense physical readiness. Classroom study, such as fraudulent document recognition and legal and ethics code study, also plays a large role in cadets' training. Due to the difficult nature of the academy, some classes have graduated fewer than 20% of the starting number. Class B-2013 graduated 102 troopers out of an initial class of 126, an 81% graduation rate; Class A-2014 graduated 107 troopers of an original 143, a success rate of 75%.
On its initial broadcast, the episode was watched by 3.99 million viewers. It received generally positive reviews from critics. Karla Peterson of "The San Diego Union-Tribune" gave the episode an "A", deeming it "everything the season-closer needed to be". She noted that episode reveals why Azazel killed Jessica and Mary Winchester, and enjoyed the "creative way" Meg Masters was killed off, feeling the exorcism to be "amazing". Peterson also praised the cliffhanger ending, believing it to be "capable of pulling your eyeballs right out of your head". The acting was also praised, with Jensen Ackles being able to "wring every ounce of blood, sweat and torment out of Dean's photogenically haunted psyche", Jared Padalecki making Sam "real and conflicted", and Jeffrey Dean Morgan giving "his best and most believable performance of the season". Maureen Ryan of the "Chicago Tribune" collectively referred to "Devil's Trap" and its two preceding episodes as a "really strong trilogy" of "must-see episodes". She found the possessed John to be "Morgan's finest work on the show to date", believing that he "was really on fire in that scene" and "brought a whole new intensity to his performance". She also thought that Bobby Singer's introduction and Meg Masters' exorcism were "well done".
William Fitzwilliam, Earl of Southampton (d. 1542) held the other manor in the early 16th century. He gave Slade Hooton and other lands in the area to John Fitzwilliam of Kingsley (Hants). This grant was later challenged by the Earl's niece, wife of Sir James Foljambe and the case was settled in 1563 in favour of Godfrey Foljambe of Croxden. The main freeholders within the hamlet were the Mirfin family. Slade Hooton Hall was built in 1698 for John Mirfin. The stable block and barn were added in 1702 and 1705. The 1838 West Riding directory shows that the hamlet then had its own blacksmith, wheelwright and shopkeeper.
Design and differences from other implementations.
Companies in the United States.
