Trimborn Farm is a Victorian era estate located in Greendale, Wisconsin and owned by Milwaukee County. Spanning 7.5 acres (18.5 hectares) and nine buildings, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The farm is also a State Historic Site and designated Milwaukee County Landmark.

Unified Control.
In 2009–10, an arrangement of the "Ave Maria" for wind ensemble was the subject of litigation that reached the United States Supreme Court. At issue was whether a school district was justified in prohibiting an instrumental performance of the piece (without lyrics) at a high school graduation ceremony due to its underlying religious nature. The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld the school district's actions. The Supreme Court declined to hear the case, but Justice Samuel Alito issued a rare written opinion dissenting from the Court's decision. In a footnote, Alito described Biebl's setting of the "Ave Maria" text as "relatively obscure" in comparison to settings by Franz Schubert, Charles Gounod, and other more well-known composers.
Sprint has replaced Readylink with Qualcomm's QChat. This technology will run over the Sprint high-speed EV-DO data network, giving it the closest comparable speeds to Motorola's iDEN Direct-Connect in the push-to-talk industry.
Professor Li's guqin compositions include "Boat Song of the Three Gorges" 《三峽船歌》 and "Building a Road in the Wind and Snow" 《風雪築路》. He has recorded more than ten albums including the "Art of Li Xiangting's Guqin Performance" 《李祥霆古琴藝術》, a number of cassettes and video tapes published by the China Record Companies and the French National Radio Record Company, former West Berlin, New Zealand, USA, Hong Kong and Taiwan. He took part in the annual exhibition of the Chinese Art House in 1988 and held a solo art exhibition at the University of London in 1989. In 1991, he gave speeches on the "Dot and Line Aesthetics of Chinese Painting and Guqin Music" 『古琴音樂與國畫的點線之美』 at the Victoria University of Wellington, New Zealand. His biography is in the "Directory of Chinese Artists and the Celebrities of Who's Who of Contemporary Chinese Artists".
Richard T. Heffron (October 6, 1930 – August 27, 2007) was a film and television director.
Infrastructure improvements.
Evaluation (study of the patient with technical methods) shows the enlargement of the porus acousticus internus in the CT scan, enhancing tumours in the region of the cerebello-pontine angle in gadolinium-enhanced MRI scans, hearing loss in audiometric studies and perhaps pathological findings in Electronystagmography. Some times there are elevated levels of protein in liquor study.
The TPM can be used in conjunction with the boot loader to ensure only vendor-approved operating systems are running. This could restrict alternative operating systems from running, including free or open source operating systems. For example, Microsoft is requiring x86/x64 machines which come with Windows 8 to have Secure Boot enabled by default, which has caused alternative OS vendors to make payments through Microsoft to ensure their OS will be able to be installed by the user; additionally any ARM machine shipped with Windows 8 is banned from allowing another OS to be installed.
<doc id="2792424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2792424" title="Chuderhüsi Tower">
"Because You're Mine" is a 1952 musical comedy film starring Mario Lanza. Directed by Alexander Hall, the film also stars Doretta Morrow, James Whitmore, and Dean Miller.

Alverton is a hamlet and civil parish in Nottinghamshire, England, part of the Newark and Sherwood district. It is combined with its neighbouring parish of Kilvington, to form an area for a parish meeting. It contains about 20 houses. It is surrounded by farmland.

Rosario as seat of the National Congress.
<doc id="2793312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2793312" title="Fay Templeton">
The Nairobi Stock Exchange marked the first day of automated trading in government bonds through the Automated Trading System (ATS) in November 2009. The automated trading in government bonds marked a significant step in the efforts by the NSE and CBK towards creating depth in the capital markets by providing the necessary liquidity.

On the 128K Spectrum machines, Beta BASIC provided extended facilities allowing programmers to access the machine's extra memory, which took the form of a RAM disk. As well as allowing the programmer to save and load programs, blocks of memory or screen images into the RAM disc and catalogue the contents of the RAM disk, Beta BASIC also provided commands for the creation and use of arrays held in the RAM disk, allowing programs running in the 30 KB or so of free memory on the Spectrum to manipulate arrays of approaching 80 KB - a very significant extra amount of space by 1980s standards and more than almost any other 8-bit BASIC, which were generally limited to 64 KB of program and data combined.
Human use.
