<doc id="21426262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21426262" title="Çuka e Partizanit">
Woodson's parents moved often, and he graduated from high school in Omaha, Nebraska. He then worked for Union Pacific and excelled as a typist, which led to a position as a stenographer and agent at Bankers Reserve Life Insurance company in Omaha. By 1928 he moved to Chicago, Illinois to work for Mutual Trust Life Insurance Company, where he eventually became a regional director. His success was noticed by American General Corporation's CEO Gus Sessions Wortham who brought Woodson to Houston, Texas to assume the role of President of the corporation. In 1972, Woodson succeeded Wortham as CEO, a position he held until his retirement in 1978.
"The Farmers' Lunch" is nearly identical to another painting by Velázquez, "The Lunch" (ca. 1617).
Track listing.
He directed "A Lie of the Mind" with playwright Sam Shepard. He also has cameo roles in shows such as "ER", "Monk", "Seinfeld" and "Boston Legal". From 1990 to 1992, he portrayed the character of Gavin Kruger in the daytime drama "As the World Turns" and also appeared in an episode of "Malcolm in the Middle" in 2000. He originally intended to become a teacher, but is now both an actor and professor.
Egon Franke may refer to:
Rongotai College was opened in 1928 with Mr Fritz Martyn Renner as its first headmaster and a teaching staff of seven. It was started as an "overspill" for Wellington College, which was overstretched, and Rongotai became the new school for Wellington boys in the eastern suburbs.
Cirque du Soleil performer.

A point of contention was the venue for the finals matches; the venues were originally to be drawn by lot, but in early August, the league decided to fix the venues in advance, and in doing so did not schedule a final at Geelong's home ground of Corio Oval, which offered much lower gate takings than the four venues in Melbourne where the matches were scheduled (the MCG, Brunswick Street Oval, the Lake Oval and the East Melbourne Cricket Ground). This decision was later reversed after Geelong (who had won the minor premiership) lodged an official complaint with the league, and when the finals system was determined on August 17th, Geelong was scheduled to host its match in the first week.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cass County, Iowa, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Mitchell County, Iowa. 
G-Man Training Target 7&quot;
Cristo Rey Jesuit College Preparatory of Houston is a Roman Catholic secondary school located on 6700 Mount Carmel Street in Houston, Texas, United States. The school was founded by the New Orleans Province of the Society of Jesus and continues to be a sponsored work of the Jesuits. The school is a part of the Cristo Rey Network and is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston.
Potential for Soviet-German talk expansion.
Binibining Pilipinas 2009
The Singapore Economic Development Board is the main sponsor for this series.
But the Miners managed to hold Tulsa quarterback G.J. Kinne to just 192 yards passing and sacked him five times. Kinne scored one TD on a one-yard run early in the fourth quarter. Charles Clay and A.J. Whitmore also each scored touchdowns for the Golden Hurricane (4-3, 2-1 C-USA).
The 1901–02 Scottish Cup was the 29th season of Scotland's most prestigious football knockout competition. The Cup was won by Hibernian, who defeated Celtic 1–0 in the Final. This gave Hibs their second and most recent Scottish Cup win. The Final was due to be played at Ibrox on 12 April, but the first Ibrox disaster happened a week earlier during the annual Scotland v England fixture. This meant that the Final was delayed by two weeks and moved to Celtic Park, even though Celtic were one of the finalists.
