<br clear="both">
The army leaders failed to capture him in his castle outside Gurgan, but they took control of the capital and invited Qabus's son Manuchihr, the governor of Tabaristan, to take over. Manuchihr feared that he would lose the succession if he refused and joined the conspirators. He chased Qabus to Bistam, where the latter eventually agreed to abdicate. The conspirators then sent Qabus to a castle in Gorgan. While on the way to the castle, Qabus asked one of the rebels named Abdallah, about whom the perpetrator behind the conspiracy was. Abdallah responded by naming five generals who were the main heads behind the conspiracy, and also said that he was one of the men who played an important role in the conspiracy. He then blamed Qabus' cruelty as the reason for his downfall. Qabus agreed, and told Abdallah, that he should have ordered the execution of him and the other perpetrators before the conspiracy began. Qabus then arrived to the castle where he could spend the rest of his life in devotion. The conspirators, however, still considered him to be a threat and had him frozen to death in 1012. 
The first attempts at planting explosive charges on Ripple Rock were made with floating drilling barges with the goal of blasting the rock into pieces. The first, in 1943, was secured with six 3.8 cm steel cables attached to anchors that altogether weighed 998 metric tons. This approach was abandoned when one cable broke on average every 48 hours. Another attempt in 1945, involving two large overhead steel lines was similarly abandoned after only 93 (out of 1,500 planned) controlled explosions were successful.


<doc id="3161803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3161803" title="Continental Indoor Football League">
The show has often been used as shorthand for badness. In one example, Arianna Huffington said that "John McCain's return to the Senate will be the chilliest reception for a war hero since McLean Stevenson tried to talk his way back onto "M*A*S*H" after "Hello, Larry" tanked."
In this setup, traffic left the freeway and encountered stop signs and traffic signals while traveling from one road to the other. The inadequate cloverleaf design of the junction between I-84 and Union Avenue led to problems, especially with articulateds, which must slow significantly to negotiate the sharp loop slips, and weave with traffic attempting to leave the freeway westbound. The I-84 off-slips had stop signs at the NY 300 termini; and there was no cloverleaf weaving area northbound through the junction. Southbound, traffic had to weave to join NY 300, or bear right to join the Thruway.

Effect of professionalism.
"La cuisine en dix minutes, ou l'Adaptation au rhythme moderne" (English title: "French Cooking in Ten Minutes, or, Adapting to the Rhythm of Modern Life", also "Cooking in Ten Minutes, or, Adapting to the Rhythm of Modern Life") by Édouard de Pomiane, published in 1930, was an early and influential title on the subject of convenience cooking. It attempted to render many of the basic techniques of classic French cooking into a quick form for people who did not have time to cook.
The village became a seat of a Catholic parish, mentioned in the register of Peter's Pence payment from 1447 among 50 parishes of Teschen deaconry as Dobersey.

In the early 1950s the farming and ranching land owned by the O'Meara and Stahlman families became primed for development. On it Afton Oaks opened in stages mainly between 1951 and 1959. Construction of newer two-story brick and stucco homes began in the 1980s. By 2000 many older homes received renovation or faced demolition.
In June 2007, HSUS launched Humane Wildlife Services, a program to encourage and provide humane wildlife-removal services when wild animals intrude on human dwellings.

Aldgate is a South Australian town located 21 kilometres south-east of Adelaide, in the Adelaide Hills.
Aniak Airport is a state owned, public use airport located in Aniak, a city in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. Its location on the Kuskokwim River also allows for the landing of seaplanes.
Within the United Kingdom, in England and Wales, the Divorce (Religious Marriages) Act 2002, "Chapter 27", allows a Court of law to—but without the explicit right to award any "damages", to impose any civil or criminal fines or other penalties, or to grant any further relief—withhold the final legal civil dissolution of a marriage of Jews ("the usages of the Jews ... and must co-operate if the marriage is to be dissolved in accordance with those usages") or of other persons ("any other prescribed religious usages; and must co-operate if the marriage is to be dissolved in accordance with those usages") by means of granting the "decree absolute", "until a declaration made by both parties that they have taken such steps as are required to dissolve the marriage in accordance with those usages is produced to the court".

Lee's third album "M Rizing", sold over 30,000 copies in 2008. Lee's first single from the album was call "Stomp", where it was #1 for two consecutive days on an online chart. His second single, “The M Style” was also quite popular as well, climbing up the charts just as quickly. Though his songs manage to chart well, the album sales were not as strong as its two predecessors, with the album dropping off the Korean Monthly Chart rather quickly. Lee released his first mini-album, "The Sentimental Reason" in February 2008 to coincide with Valentine's Day and White Day. Giving only a limited 13,000 copies, it sold out in less than a month. The mini-album was successful enough for Lee to promote it with two singles, "Just One More Night" and "Believe In Love."...
The MX-1018 program (code named "Tip Tow") sought to extend the range of the early jets in order to give fighter protection to piston-engined bombers with the provision for in-flight attachment/detachment of the fighter to the bomber via wingtip connections. The Tip Tow aircraft consisted of a specially modified ETB-29A (serial number "44-62093") and two EF-84B (serial numbers "46-641" and "46-661"). A number of flights were undertaken, with several successful cycles of attachment and detachment, using at first a single aircraft, and then two. The pilots of the F-84s maintained manual control when attached, with roll axis maintained by elevator movement rather than aileron movement. Engines on the F-84s were shut down in order to save fuel during the "tow" by the mother ship, and in-flight engine restarts were successfully accomplished.
In the late part of the 2007 English cricket season, Wood signed for Nottinghamshire on a 3 year deal.
The "Trinity Blood" series features an alien nanomachine found on Mars which is present in the body of the protagonist, Abel Nighroad. These nanomachines are known as Krusnik nanomachines, and feed on the cells of vampires. 
Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue
The villages are based mainly around Crewe Road, which directly links nearby towns Crewe and Sandbach. They are three miles from the M6 motorway.
Guests of honor.
In the years after the first Hapkido Games, he traveled around the world to promote his unique style and his own organization, the International Hapkido Federation. This organization has its headquarters in Yong-In, Korea, and in 1996 included well over one million members worldwide in fifty countries.
<doc id="3166154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3166154" title="Do not feed the animals">
Syed Mustafa Kamal () is a serving Senator in the Senate of Pakistan and served as the nazim (mayor) of the city of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan from 2005 to 2010. Kamal has affiliations with the Pakistani liberalist party Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM). His father was a Punjabi and his mother belonged to the Urdu-speaking community (Muhajir); after their divorce Kamal with her mother settled in Karachi. He was shortlisted for the World Mayor Prize in 2010. He has also served as the IT Minister for the Sindh province from 2003 to 2005. Formerly, he was a telephone operator at 90 (MQM headquarter) in Karachi.
<doc id="3166476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3166476" title="1930 in South Africa">

Other survivors are his son Rabbi Yisroel Gifter of Lakewood, New Jersey. and his sons in law Rabbi Yaakov Reisman, Rav of Congregation Agudath Yisroel of Long Island in Far Rockaway, New York and Rabbi Avrohom Chaim Feuer, writer, author and lecturer and former rav of Kehillas Beis Avrohom of Monsey, New York, presently Shaarei Chessed, Jerusalem.
In 1929 Raymond Mays entered the Vauxhall-Villiers at Shelsley Walsh fitted with twin rear wheels; according to Mays "the first time that any car had competed at any hill climb so equipped." He broke the hill record and this innovation was widely copied in the years to come.

The castle dates back to the 13th century, making it one of Scotland's oldest stone castles, in a local group which includes Castle Sween and Castle Tioram. Guarding a strategic location, it was built by the MacDougall lords of Lorn, and has been held since the 15th century by the Clan Campbell. To this day there is a hereditary Captain of Dunstaffnage, although they no longer reside at the castle. Dunstaffnage is maintained by Historic Scotland, and is open to the public, although the 16th century gatehouse is retained as the private property of the Captain. The prefix "dun" in the name means "fort" in Gaelic, while the rest of the name derives from Norse "stafr-nis", "headland of the staff".
