Several explanations have been suggested by biologists including W. D. Hamilton, Alexey Kondrashov, George C. Williams, Harris Bernstein, Carol Bernstein, Michael M. Cox, Frederic A. Hopf and Richard E. Michod to explain how sexual reproduction is maintained in a vast array of different living organisms.
Roller Hockey International was a professional inline hockey league that operated in North America from 1993 to 1999. It was the first major professional league for inline hockey. 
Saratoga Race Course is home to several of the most important races in North America. Since 1864, the track has been the site of the Travers Stakes, the oldest major thoroughbred horse race in the United States. Like the Kentucky Derby, the Travers Stakes is contested on dirt and is open only to three-year-olds. A lake in the middle of the track contains a canoe that is painted annually in the colors of the winning stable for that year's Travers Stakes winner. Several other major stakes races are held at Saratoga each year as well, including the Alabama Stakes (for three-year-old fillies), the Hopeful Stakes for two year olds, and the Whitney Handicap for open competition.

Maine Mariners.
The Death Knight, as it originally was stated in the "Fiend Folio" has made appearances in other RPGs. For example, the Death Knight appeared in the generic "Role-Aids" supplements from Mayfair Games. One named Death Knight, Theodros, appeared in the 1985 "Lich Lords". Theodros plays a stereotypical role for a Death Knight, acting as a second in command to a more powerful Lich. Here his statistics and description are nearly identical to the entry in the 1st Ed. Fiend Folio.
Victorian Government Radio Networks.
In 2001, the community was significantly affected by problems with and the eventual closure of the largest local employer, the former Skeena Cellulose Inc. sawmill. The mill was bought by Terrace Lumber Co., a group of local owners, and re-opened in late August 2005, but did not prosper and closed in mid-2006. By the end of 2006, the remaining equipment was auctioned off and the mill was torn down. The former site of this mill is now a vacant lot with the footings covered in spray paint graffiti. 
[http://www.straitstimes.com/the-big-story/asia-report/singapore/story/singapore-scientists-develop-chip-can-identify-70000-virus] This will allow for a systematic and comprehensive testing of a patient's blood for virtually all major human pathogens in a single rapid step.
Cokie Roberts
<doc id="662590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=662590" title="Planet of the Daleks">
After an eleven month break from Ring of Honor, Dutt returned to the promotion on December 17, 2010, replacing an injured Kenny Omega and facing ROH World Champion Roderick Strong in a losing effort in a non–title match. At the following day's Final Battle 2010 pay-per-view Dutt again replaced Omega and faced Eddie Edwards in another losing effort.
Michael Appleby may refer to:
For instance, the set of data
Posio's most renowned attractions are Pentik-mäki Culture Centre, Riisitunturi National Park, Korouoma Nature Reserve, and clear waters of lakes Kitkajärvi and Livojärvi. There are also many outdoor recreational things to do in Posio.
Initially "Electric Soup" was only distributed locally in Glasgow, then it was picked up by John Brown Publishing for widespread national UK distribution. This brought Quitely's work to the attention of "Judge Dredd Megazine" editor David Bishop. He was given work on "Shimura", written by Robbie Morrison, and "Missionary Man", by Gordon Rennie, quickly rising to prominence and being voted among the fans' favourite five artists in an end-of-year survey. He drew various stories in Paradox Press' series of "The Big Book Of" graphic novels, as well as work in "Dark Horse Presents" for Dark Horse Comics.
In 2008, Teledyne Continental's new president, Rhett Ross announced that the company was very concerned about future availability of 100LL avgas and as a result would develop a diesel engine in the range for certification in 2009 or 2010. By the fall of 2009 the company was feeling the effects of the economic situation and the resulting reduced demand for aircraft engines. The company announced that it would close its plant for two one-week periods in October 2009 and January 2010. Salaried employees would move to a four-day work week with one week vacations for Thanksgiving and Christmas, with the aim "to protect as much of our valuable employee base as possible".
These two subfamilies have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005):
Recent research has focused on changing the mixture of keratins produced in the skin. There are 54 known keratin genes—of which 28 belong to the type I intermediate filament genes and 26 to type II—which work as heterodimers. Many of these genes share substantial structural and functional similarity, but they are specialized to cell type and/or conditions under which they are normally produced. If the balance of production could be shifted away from the mutated, dysfunctional keratin gene toward an intact keratin gene, symptoms could be reduced. For example, sulforaphane, a compound found in broccoli, was found to reduce blistering in a mouse model to the point where affected pups could not be identified visually, when injected into pregnant mice (5 µmol/day = 0.9 mg) and applied topically to newborns (1 µmol/day = 0.2 mg in jojoba oil).
<doc id="663263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=663263" title="Bracket (tournament)">
Jakki Degg
The first ever association to be created for and by adult KADs, was the Swedish Adopterade Koreaners Forening (AKF) in 1986 (Hübinette, 1999). Since then, similar groups have emerged in most Western European countries, various US states and cities, as well as in Canada, Australia and Korea. Before this, most organized events and activities for KADs had been arranged and administered by adoptive parents and Korean immigrants. These arrangements included culture camps and social gatherings, with a main focus on adoptive families and their children.
Montek Singh Ahluwalia (born 24 November 1943) is an Indian economist and civil servant who was the Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Republic of India, a position which carries the rank of a Cabinet Minister. He tendered his resignation for this post in May 2014 following the impending end of the UPAII regime at the center. He was previously the first Director of the Independent Evaluation Office at the International Monetary Fund.
The ability of GRIN lenses to have flat surfaces simplifies the mounting of the lens, which makes them useful where many very small lenses need to be mounted together, such as in photocopiers and scanners. The flat surface also allows a GRIN lens to be easily fused to an optical fiber, to produce collimated output.
Doro

<doc id="663798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=663798" title="Paula Dobriansky">
Eyton published "History of the Rarer British Birds" (1836), "A Monograph on the Anatidae, Or Duck Tribe" (1838), "A History of Oyster and Oyster Fisheries" (1858) and "Osteologia Avium" (1871–78). He established in about 1842 the "Herd Book of Hereford Cattle", which he edited until 1860
Harper was born in Iowa City, Iowa, the son of Harry Harper, a psychiatrist, and Marilyn Hill, who was one of the first black practicing anesthesiologists in the United States. He has been acting since the age of 7. Harper graduated from Bella Vista High School in 1984, then graduated "magna cum laude" from Brown University in 1988. In 1992 Harper graduated with a J.D., "cum laude", from Harvard Law School, and a Master of Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. During his years at Harvard, he was a full-time member of Boston's Black Folks Theater Company, one of the oldest and most acclaimed black theater troupes in the country. While a student at Harvard, Harper befriended President Barack Obama. Harper and Obama met on the basketball court and became good friends during their first year as law students.
<doc id="664002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=664002" title="Adolf Eugen Fick">

Huon Valley Council
In Catholicism.
According to legend, the only way to keep the Tokoloshe away at night is to put a brick beneath each leg of one's bed. However, this will not protect anything but the person whose bed it is along with the bed itself, as it may instead cause havoc not involving said people. They get their power from a hot poker thrusted into the crown of the body during creation.
Suitland (WMATA station)
Another way of describing this type of parallelism is the requirement that their intersection is "not" a singleton. Two lines are then parallel when they have all or none of their points in common. It has been noted that Playfair's axiom used in affine and Euclidean geometry is then equivalent to the statement that parallelism forms a transitive relation on the set of lines in the plane.
Eötvös
The land for High Point State Park, donated by Colonel Anthony R. and Susie Dryden Kuser of Bernardsville, New Jersey, was dedicated as a park in 1923. The pleasant landscaping was designed by the Olmsted Brothers of Boston, a prominent landscape architectural firm of that time. The brothers were the sons of Frederick Law Olmsted, who designed Central Park.
Tripolitania retained its status as a province in the Kingdom of Libya from 1951 to 1963, when it was replaced by a new system of governorates, which divided Tripolitania into the governorates of Khoms, Zawiya, Jabal al Gharbi, Misrata, and Tarabulus.
Business interests.
And Lord, if that's true, I'm a garbage can!<br>
The Sisters of the Holy Names and Hill Military Academy separately sued Walter Pierce, the governor of Oregon, along with Isaac H. Van Winkle, the state attorney general, and Stanley Myers, district attorney of Multnomah County (of which Portland is the county seat, and where both the Sisters and the Academy were headquartered). The two cases, heard and decided together, were slanted along slightly different lines. The Sisters' case alleged that:
