Intercollegiate Women's Fencing Association (1929 – 63)
In 2003 IWRG also introduced a group designed to be the "archenemy" of Los Megas in the form of Comando Mega, Comando Gama and Comando Omega. The group feuded for the better part of a year. The storyline between the two factions saw Mega and Ultra Mega defeat Comando Mega and Comando Gama in a "Lucha de Apuesta", mask vs. mask match on June 6, 2004. Following the end of the feud with the Comandos Los Megas began to fade away; some of the members lost their masks and made only sporadic appearances over the next year. Los Megas teamed together one last time in 2005 after not having worked as a team for over six months, they joined together to lose the IWRG Intercontinental Trios Championship that they still held. On December 22, 2005, Ultra Mega was one of the participants in IWRG's annual "Castillo del Terror" ("Castle of Terror") event, a multi-man Steel Cage Match that came down to Ultra Mega and Nemesis. The last two competitors were forced to wrestle under "Lucha de Apuesta" rules in a match that Nemesis won, forcing Ultra Mega to unmask. Following his mask loss Ultra Mega turned "rúdo" (bad guy), but without the mask the Ultra Mega character did succeed.

Chō is the 7th major single by female J-pop singer-songwriter Tsukiko Amano, from her third major album "Tenryū". It was released on November 12, 2003, and reached a peak of #49 on the Oricon weekly charts, charting for 8 weeks. The song was used as the theme song of PlayStation 2 survival horror game "". The lyrics of the song tie in with the main themes of the game, and the PV was shot using similar imagery to that seen in-game, including crimson CG butterflies, which can also be seen on the cover. The song was also included on "Catalog", Amano's "best of" album.
Team FCACA is the only Shanghai team to have competed in Group N in the China Rally Championship (CRC). Although a brand new force in the CRC, Team FCACA showed the potential and determination to reach the top level of China motorsports. In just the second year in CRC competition, FCACA became the runner-up in the team's championship of season 2009 (only one point behind the champion team).



ACU offers degrees in business administration, including the Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Master of Business Administration (MBA), and Doctor of Business Administration (DBA).

TimeML version 1.2 was produced in 2004, shortly after the release of version 1.1.
Section:Yuchang Highway: Yuli, Hualien - Changbin, Taitung.
