Circus Renz (German:Zirkus Renz) is a 1943 German drama film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring René Deltgen, Paul Klinger and Angelika Hauff. It is a circus film, made as a deliberately escapist release at a time when the Second World War was starting to turn against Germany and its allies. The film takes its title from the real Circus Renz.
<doc id="42441541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42441541" title="Blastobasis inouei">
AC 25.1309–1 (original release).
Little is known of what kind of settlement existed here in prehistory, but that the population density of the area was relatively high from the Mesolithic and especially Neolithic periods is shown by the profusion of archaeological sites within and around the town. For example the extensive early Neolithic cemetery at Carrowmore, an outlier of which is within the town. The oldest known causewayed enclosure in Britain and Ireland is situated on the southwestern outskirts of the town at Magheraboy. 

<doc id="42442907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42442907" title="Apatelodes satellitia">
Track listing.
Head Coaches Graham Reid and Paul Gaudoin, Assistant Coach – Ben Bishop
Vadakke Kulambu

Hallmann had made his professional debut at "Beast of the East" event in his hometown, Gdynia, on November 14 2009, when he defeated Krzysztof Adaszak. After three consecutive wins, he suffered his first career defeat against a German fighter, Christian Eckerlin.
<doc id="42446042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42446042" title="Two from Galilee">
Andrey Makarov (ice hockey)
Chynn EW. Rigor of research methods in studies of the effectiveness and safety of cataract extraction with intraocular lens implantation (letter). Archives of Ophthalmology. 112(7): 875, 1994.
Omar ben Salaad is portrayed by Gad Elmaleh in the motion-capture film ""; however, in the film he has no part in any conspiracy, merely owning a palace at which Bianca Castafiore performs.
The print of the Goražde Psalter is clean, clear, and easy to read. The text in red was printed first, followed by the text in black. The faces of the cast metal types used for its printing were designed in the manner of uncial Cyrillic of medieval Serbian manuscripts, with certain elements of cursive. Ordinary text is printed in black letters with the corpus size of 2.7 millimetres. Their strokes have moderately varying widths; their ascenders and descenders are also of moderate sizes. In the first 136 leaves, a block of ten lines of text written in these letters is 74 millimetres high, and there are usually 18 to 20, though occasionally 21, lines per page. In the other leaves, the ten-line block is 70 millimetres high, with mostly 22 lines per page, and word spacing is tighter than in the first part of the book. Somewhat larger letters, 5 to 6 millimetres high, appear at the beginning of some sentences; they can be black or red. Headings and lines at the beginning of textual units are printed in red. Among the punctuation marks used in the book are the indexes and symbols in the form of a fish, horn, and quadruple dot.

