Clarkson University is home to the Center for Advanced Materials Processing (CAMP). CAMP is dedicated to developing Clarkson's research and educational programs in high-technology materials processing. Its mandate is to develop innovations in advanced materials processing and to transfer this technology to business and industry. The center receives support from the New York State Office of Science, Technology, and Academic Research for research and operating expenses as one of 14 Centers for Advanced Technology (CATs). In addition, CAMP-related work receives several million dollars each year from the federal government and private industry.
Reaction to the murder and the sentence.
God-of-the-gaps arguments have also been criticized for doubting that, in a world created by God, the mechanics of how things happen can always be described by science.
Notable Lowells.
Commercial properties in areas prone to ram-raids often erect strong barriers or obstructions, such as bollards, to discourage such attacks. ATM centres are also victims of ram-raiding.
First World War.
The last operational use of Defiants was in India, where they were used as target tugs.
In 1873, he was elected a bencher of the Middle Temple and awarded an honorary Doctorate of Civil Law by the University of Oxford in 1874. In 1880, he was made a Reader of the Middle Temple and appointed to the Privy Council in 1884.
New Economic Model.
Honors and accolades.
Remixes.
The groundbreaking was held on May 26, 1925. Construction began immediately and the cornerstone was laid on August 9, 1926 on Pillar No. 26. The superstructure was built between September 1926 and September 1929. 33,000 tons of steel were needed for its construction. The work was completed about a year and a half ahead of schedule, without disrupting river traffic.
Origin and characteristics.
From 1982 to 1986, St Aubyn was a Conservative councillor in Westminster City Council, representing a ward in Paddington. He then fought the Truro by-election in March 1987 following the death of David Penhaligon, when Matthew Taylor comfortably held the seat for the Liberals. He stood again in Truro at the 1987 general election, more than halving the Liberal majority, but slipped back at the 1992 general election.
CBRM has a daily newspaper, the "Cape Breton Post", which is a broadsheet focusing on Cape Breton Island. Its editorial style is populist conservative, and it is owned by Transcontinental Media. The Halifax-based "The Chronicle Herald" is a daily broadsheet covering the entire province and maintains a bureau in Sydney. "Boardwalk" is an independently-owned free "alternative bi-weekly" focused primarily on arts and culture in Cape Breton.
<doc id="524078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=524078" title="Ardnamurchan">
Soundtracks.
Since 2003, North Carolina A&T has reduced energy use by 21%. According to research conducted by the university, the energy efficiency measures currently in place inside the 123 buildings on the campus have saved enough energy to meet the power needs of 760 households for a year. In the 2011–12 fiscal year alone, a 32.5 billion BTU's reduction in energy helped the university avoid $386,274 in costs. Under The University's Strategic Energy Plan, N.C. A&T has implemented Energy efficiency measures such as: comprehensive energy audits to identify improvement needs; development of a retro-commissioning process for existing buildings; energy efficient lighting retrofits throughout the campus; and the development of green network strategies.
At the peak, the rulers of Meroë controlled the Nile valley north to south over a straight line distance of more than .
Yiddish writing in Israel can be marked by generations, similar to those in Hebrew literature. The first consisted of writers such as David Pinski and Sholem Asch, who passed their last years in Israel. The second generation, led by Abraham Sutzkever, started its career in Eastern Europe but continued in Israel. The third generation was centered on "Young Israel", a modernist group of poets and prose writers, most of whom are kibbutz members, whose work has been influenced by the avant-garde schools of English and French writing.
