The main goals of the experiment are:
Commutative algebra (in the form of polynomial rings and their quotients, used in the definition of algebraic varieties) has always been a part of algebraic geometry. However, in late 1950s, algebraic varieties were subsumed into Alexander Grothendieck's concept of a scheme. Their local objects are affine schemes or prime spectra which are locally ringed spaces which form a category which is antiequivalent to the category of commutative unital rings, extending the duality between the category of affine algebraic varieties over a field "k", and the category of finitely generated reduced "k"-algebras. The gluing is along Zariski topology; one can glue within the category of locally ringed spaces, but also, using the Yoneda embedding, within the more abstract category of presheaves of sets over the category of affine schemes. The Zariski topology in the set theoretic sense is then replaced by a Zariski topology in the sense of Grothendieck topology. Grothendieck introduced Grothendieck topologies having in mind more exotic but geometrically finer and more sensitive examples than the crude Zariski topology, namely the étale topology, and the two flat Grothendieck topologies: fppf and fpqc; nowadays some other examples became prominent including Nisnevich topology. Sheaves can be furthermore generalized to stacks in the sense of Grothendieck, usually with some additional representability conditions leading to Artin stacks and, even finer, Deligne-Mumford stacks, both often called algebraic stacks.
"Violeta Violeta" and retirement (2009-2013).
There are also a few modular designs in the Chinese paperfolding tradition, notably the Pagoda (from Maying Soong) and the Lotus made from Joss paper.
where formula_29 is the subset of the integers from formula_30 to formula_29, and where formula_32 is the counting measure.

"Named after Lincoln Ellsworth:"
Early life and education.
One may also schematically allow the non-zero entries to lie in a group "G," with the understanding that matrix multiplication will only involve multiplying a single pair of group elements, not "adding" group elements. This is an abuse of notation, since element of matrices being multiplied must allow multiplication and addition, but is suggestive notion for the (formally correct) abstract group formula_5 (the wreath product of the group "G" by the symmetric group).
A project, Study on the Abaca Industry Profile of Southern Leyte, was funded by DOST 8 GIA and implemented by the Southern Leyte State University (SLSU), one of the college universities in the province, and the Provincial Government of Southern Leyte. It was aimed to conduct a thorough assessment on the status of the abaca industry of the province being its major crop.
Reggae and hip hop.
The South African drum and bass scene began in the mid nineties. In 2000, events such as Homegrown became a prominent fixture in Cape Town and a launching platform for international and local artists such as Counterstrike, SFR, Niskerone, Tasha Baxter, Anti Alias and Rudeone. Other regular events include It Came From The Jungle in Cape Town and Science Friksun in Johannesburg.
The musical style Cabo love originating from the Cape Verde islands is a derivative of zouk mixed with the coladeira and other Cape verdian rhythms. In some cases there has been a fusion of the "zouk love" with the "coladeira", to which several names have been given, such as cola-dance, cola-zouk, cabo-swing, Cabo love, etc. However, in other cases the performance is practically a zouk copy. In this variant, the rhythm has the same accentuation as the compas, the instrumentation is also copied from the zouk, the accentuation of the melody line is different, the syncopation is made in other contexts and the melody line is less continuous than the traditional "coladeira", with breaks.
"Kiss Each Other Clean", Iron & Wine's fourth full-length album, was released on January 25, 2011 on Warner Bros. Records in North America and 4AD for the rest of the world. With this album, Beam blends his earlier styles with a stronger pop influence.
As of 2011, Springfield's most famous cultural contribution worldwide is basketball, currently the world's 2nd most popular sport. That said, the "City of Progress" produced three other innovations, not nearly as well publicized, but which have proven to have proven to be just as significant, if not more so, to the world at large. In 1892-93, the first, functional, American gasoline-powered car was produced at the Stacy Building in Springfield by the Duryea Brothers. The Duryea's car also won the world's first automobile race in 1895 in Chicago. In 1901, the first motorcycle company in the world was "Indian", produced in Springfield; in 1905, the first modern fire engines in the world were produced by Knox Automobile, (which made Springfield's fire department the first modern fire department in the world;) and lastly, the first commercial radio station in the U.S. was broadcast from Springfield's luxurious Hotel Kimball in 1921.
The album reached #26 on "Billboard"'s "Billboard" 200 chart, also peaking at #27 on the UK Album Chart.
An alternative is to concentrate the seeds into a half-meter-wide strip called a windrow and burn the windrows after the harvest, destroying the seeds. Since 2003, windrow burning has been adopted by about 70% of farmers in Western Australia.
Pausanias claims that Elis and Boeotia are inarticulate regions that have nothing to say against homosexual customs (182a-b); Ionia and other regions think it is disgraceful (182b-c), but they live under despots and think no more of philosophy and sport than they do of love. Pausanias then launches into a confusing discussion of Athenian law regarding pederasty. He says that Athens' code is not easy to understand, but claims that it cheers on the lover, so long as he does not pursue the boy in secret and does not rush him into it. He says you would never know if the law explicitly approves the lover's conduct by the way fathers behave when they get wind of the fact that a man is showing interest in his son, or by the way the boy's playmates tease him about having a lover. He adds that these contradictions are easily explained (183d). He claims that males are more intelligent and therefore more attractive (181c).
Henson first worked farms near Fort Erie, then Waterloo, moving with friends to Colchester by 1834 to set up a Black settlement on rented land. Through contacts and financial assistance there, he was able to purchase in Dawn Township, in next-door Kent County, to realize his vision of a self-sufficient community. The Dawn Settlement eventually prospered, reaching a population of 500 at its height, and exporting black walnut lumber to the United States and Britain. Henson purchased an additional next to the Settlement, where his family lived. Henson also became an active Methodist preacher, and spoke as an abolitionist on routes between Tennessee and Ontario. He also served in the Canadian army as a military officer, having led a Black militia unit in the Rebellion of 1837. Though many residents of the Dawn Settlement returned to the United States after slavery was abolished there, Henson and his wife continued to live in Dawn for the rest of their lives. Henson died at the age of 93 in Dresden, on May 5, 1883.

A total of 927 projects were carried out in these countries, with 97 million people reached. The breakdown by region was as follows:
"Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Endgame" (2009).
The District School Board of Niagara operates ten elementary schools within the city and two secondary schools: Welland Centennial servicing the western side of the city and Eastdale Secondary servicing the eastern side.
The word "mask" appeared in English in the 1530s, from Middle French "masque" "covering to hide or guard the face", derived in turn from Italian "maschera", from Medieval Latin "masca" "mask, specter, nightmare". This word is of uncertain origin, perhaps from Arabic "maskharah" مَسْخَرَۃٌ "buffoon", from the verb "sakhira" "to ridicule". However, it may also come from Provençal "mascarar" "to black (the face)" (or the related Catalan "mascarar", Old French "mascurer"). This in turn is of uncertain origin — perhaps from a Germanic source akin to English "mesh", but perhaps from "mask-" "black", a borrowing from a pre-Indo-European language. One German author claims the word "mask" is originally derived from the Spanish "más que la cara" (literally, "more than the face" or "added face"), which evolved to "máscara", while the Arabic "maskharat" - referring to the buffoonery which is possible only by disguising the face - would be based on these Spanish roots. Other related forms are Hebrew "masecha"= "mask"; Arabic "maskhara" مَسْخَرَ = "he ridiculed, he mocked", "masakha" مَسَخَ = "he transfomed" (transitive).
