Parties in the Council of the European Union, 2004
Music video.
Düsseldorf region:
Dennis Ferry (born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania) is an internationally known trumpeter and the former Principal Trumpet of the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande in Geneva, a position that he held from October 1977 until January 2009. 
The name comes from the Nahuatl language, Aotli ("water way", "water channel" or "water ditch") and Tlan ("place of" or "near") and means "next to the water ditch."
Hurunui Water Project.
Prior to the album's release, Randy Lewis of the "Los Angeles Times" predicted that it could give T.S.O.L. their shot at radio airplay: "Even more than its predecessor—1984's "Change Today?" LP—"Revenge" is a driving, often provocative work that shows the group's musical base extending beyond mere punk thrash. Although a couple of up-tempo tunes prove that the band can still muster blasts of raw punk power, blazing guitar work and the raging, Jim Morrison-like intensity of Wood's vocals on 'No Time' and 'Memories' would fit comfortably alongside hard rock and heavy metal on album rock stations." Bradley Torreano of Allmusic remarked that with "Revenge", "a general poppiness began to creep into [T.S.O.L.'s] sound that was more along the lines of the hard rock scene that was growing around them. Still, excellent tracks such as 'Nothin' for You' still displayed an edgy obsession with dark sounds and moods."
Although nearly 60 years old and obese, Ruckus has been shown to be strong enough to pull a car door off its hinges with ease, and is an advanced practitioner of martial arts and has shown himself to be Huey's equal on multiple occasions. He has mastery with nunchaku surpasses even Huey's and he is capable of incredible acrobatics along with his martial skills. In the series' second season (first heard in "...Or Die Trying"), a sound-alike variation on the tuba piece "Jabba's Theme" (from "Return of the Jedi") is used as a musical theme for Uncle Ruckus, drawing a parallel between the "Star Wars" character and the similarly repellent Ruckus.
On 2 April 1839 he married firstly Marianne Frances Meux, second daughter of Sir Henry Meux, 1st Baronet in Cheshunt in Hertfordshire and had by her two sons and a daughter. Bowyer-Smijth later left his wife and pretending to be a widower, he began to court Eliza Fechnie Malcolm, daughter of David Baird Malcolm, who was aged sixteen at that time. Under the impression of a feigned ceremony, she considered herself to be lawful married and borne him twelve children, six sons and seven daughters until 1873, when she learned that his wife was still alive. When he promised to make up the marriage after the death of Marianne, she however continued to stay with him.
Cornelis Evertsen

Transactions.
The name Enteric Neuropathy only seems to be used for diagnosis within the UK. The most common name worldwide for this condition is Intestinal pseudoobstruction.
In 1986, Afacan had his first art display and from that date onwards has exhibited his work in many different countries (Norway, Turkey, USA, Canada). His painting technique uses oil paints to create a transparent coat on the base layers, which are in tempera.

<doc id="8594567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8594567" title="The Electric Light Orchestra (album)">
High Mileage peaked at #4 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, and peaked at #1 on the Top Country Albums selling 97,000 copies, his fourth #1 Country album. In October 1998, High Mileage was certified platinum by the RIAA.
