In live theater.
After its release, Minogue was heavily publicized negatively from media press. Despite its overwhelming acclaim from other parts of the world, the United Kingdom was particularly negative towards her image and album material which had eventually grown in other countries around the world. Many publications at the time were criticizing her because of the album's low success in that region and front pages consisting of Minogue was featured. The singer's radical change of imagery and music had been published worldwide in many newspapers and magazines but this was only because of the negativity the album received and that her fans were less impressed. The image of Indie Kylie, however, was not well received from many of her fans. British press and critics such as "NME" and "Q" were decisively negative. Ben Willmoth from "NME" said that Minogue's new persona as "Indie Kylie" was total "fraud-like" and felt that the only persona that will ever suit her is "Sex Kylie", which has been evident towards her career ever since "Impossible Princess'. An editor for "Classic Pop" magazine said that ""Princess still divides Kylie's fanbase into two comps. One half regards the album as a bold artistic statement that strips away the veneer of the pop princess, while the other half sees it as a pretentious vanity project that almost ended her career." 
In the Russian language, there is a well-known phrase in the reform of 1917 orthography of old tradition: "Кто и шутя, и скоро пожелаетъ «Пи» узнать число — ужѣ знаетъ." (The one who would wish to know the number pi easily and quickly already knows it.)
<doc id="617190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=617190" title="Franz von Bayros">
<doc id="617230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=617230" title="List of programs broadcast by Global">

Anniversary.
Local primary schools:
Stanislas Jean, chevalier de Boufflers (May 31, 1738, Nancy – January 18, 1815) was a French statesman and writer.
The L series had moved the Libretto range away from what was a UMPC, to that of an early Netbook.

Station overview.
Born in Coro, Falcón, Gutiérrez was signed the Pittsburgh Pirates as an amateur free agent in 1960. He was released in 1962, then was signed by the Giants before the 1963 season. 
Premiere.
Overview.
After her playing days were over, Richardson went onto become one of the top women's hockey referees in the world and officiated the 2010 Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver, BC. She was selected to be a lineswoman for the Gold Medal Final game between Canada and the US, a contest Canada won.


<doc id="618169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=618169" title="DC-to-DC converter">
Prominent in the area is the former courthouse for the city of Carrollton (located at 719 South Carrollton Avenue). Designed by prominent New Orleans architect Henry Howard, who also designed many other notable buildings around Louisiana including Nottoway Plantation and Madewood Plantation, and completed in 1855, the site served as the courthouse for Carrollton and Jefferson Parish until the town was annexed onto New Orleans in 1874. Since then, the building has housed McDonogh 23 elementary school, Ben Franklin Senior High School, Lusher Elementary School's 6-8 extension (now Lusher Charter School), and is the current location of Audubon Charter School.
<doc id="618344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=618344" title="Obzor">
In 2001, Taylor reunited with the other original members of Duran Duran to record their first new music together since 1985. The band secured a new recording contract with Sony Records. Their ensuing album, "Astronaut", featured a blend of Taylor's heavy guitar with the synth hooks of the classic Duran Duran sound. The first single, "Sunrise", reached No.5 in the UK, and the album reached No.3 (No. 17 in the US).
One result of the album's success and music video exposure was that they were now much more recognizable. As a result, while on tour they had to stay in their rooms after a show, unlike the men in the band who were much less recognizable. While trapped in their room, they became adept at splicing a VCR they carried with them into the hotel television set. Other bands got bills for throwing television sets off balconies; Heart got bills for cutting the television cable.
A cathedral was built in Lund before 1085, but it is difficult to know if the present building was built in the same place. In the gift letter of Canute the Holy, dated to 21 May 1085, there is a mention of a cathedral built during the 1080s. Canute gave several properties that enabled the building of the cathedral. However, sources indicate that Canute's cathedral is not the present Lund Cathedral. The Cathedral School was established in 1085, making it Denmark's oldest school.
Sporting teams.
"Starsiege: Tribes" was released in November 1998, and sold a total of 210,000 copies.
After the completion of the "Noord-Zuidlijn" (North-South Line) in 2017 there will be no more room at Amsterdam Zuid Station for Route 51 to continue as express tram service into Amstelveen. According to a long-term regional planning study of 2011, the "Amstelveenlijn" was to be upgraded to a fully-fledged metro service. On March 12, 2013, however, the regional council of the City Region of Amsterdam decided that Route 51 will be replaced by an improved express tram service running from Westwijk to Zuid Station and a separate metro service running from Zuid Station and Amstel Station. Passengers from Amstelveen will then be required to change at Zuid Station to the metro route for Amstel or to the new Route 52 for Centraal Station. It was also decided that Tram Route 5 will continue to run between Amstelveen and Centraal Station. Conversion of the southern section of the Amstelveen Line will start in 2016, with the works expected to be completed in 2020.
Critical response.
He left "King Conan" in 1982 after nine issues, although he remained with Marvel's Robert E. Howard franchise with a revival of the "Kull" series for 10 issues, and left "The Savage Sword of Conan" in 1984 with #101 with a series of stories that he plotted himself. After pencilling the "Conan the Destroyer" movie adaptation in 1984 and the "Conan of the Isles" graphic novel in 1987, he left "Conan the Barbarian" with #190 in 1987, ending a 14-year association with the character.
<doc id="619045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=619045" title="The Proclaimers">
The United States military also issues a type of trophy which are known as "non-portable decorations". This indicates that the trophy carries the status of a military award, but is not meant to be worn on a uniform but rather is presented for static display. Such military trophies include athletic excellence awards, unit excellence awards, and superior service awards presented annually to the top service member of a command.
The total operating budget for the University of Montana for fiscal year 2009 was approximately $345 million. Of $135 million comes from the General Funds budget (app. $90 million from tuition, $45 million from the state) and $210 million from restricted funds (about $80 million), auxiliary funds ($46 million), designated funds ($44 million), and plant funds ($37 million).
The park's name dates to 1929, when wilderness activist Bob Marshall, exploring the North Fork of the Koyukuk River, encountered a pair of mountains (Frigid Crags and Boreal Mountain), one on each side of the river. He christened this portal the "Gates of the Arctic." Marshall spent time in Wiseman during the early 1930s, publishing an account of the place in his 1933 book "Arctic Village". In the 1940s writer and researcher Olaus Murie proposed that Alaskan lands be preserved. 
The Ohau skifield near Omarama, and Roundhill and Mount Dobson Ski Areas at Lake Tekapo, are small commercial skifields popular amongst many living in Canterbury and Otago.
Although brought up in humble circumstances (his father was a poorly paid court interpreter in Lithuania), he received a classical education in the Domschule of Königsberg, and in the Latin schools of Wittenberg, and Magdeburg, and entered the University of Königsberg in 1626 where he was a student of theology and philosophy. In 1626, he left Magdeburg to escape both the plague and the 30 Years War, and returned to his Prussian homeland, settling in Königsberg, where he remained for the rest of his life.
In 1992, Silvestri became one of the original seven artists — along with Jim Lee, Whilce Portacio, Rob Liefeld, Erik Larsen, Todd McFarlane and Jim Valentino — to form the breakaway comics company Image Comics. Silvestri's stable of titles was published under the imprint Top Cow with the first title released being "Cyberforce". Besides his art, Silvestri was also scripter (and co-plotter) on the Top Cow title "". Many of Silvestri's stories were scripted by his brother, Eric Silvestri.
Goldstone's work investigating violence led directly to him being nominated to serve as the first chief prosecutor of the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda from August 1994 to September 1996. He prosecuted a number of key war crimes suspects, notably the Bosnian Serb political and military leaders, Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić. On his return to South Africa he took up a seat on the newly established Constitutional Court of South Africa, to which he had been nominated by President Nelson Mandela. In 2009, Goldstone led a fact-finding mission created by the UN Human Rights Council to investigate international human rights and humanitarian law violations related to the Gaza War. The mission concluded that Israel and Hamas had both potentially committed war crimes and crimes against humanity, findings which sparked outrage in Israel and the initiation of a personal campaign against Goldstone. In 2011, in the light of investigations by the Israeli forces which indicated that they had not intentionally targeted civilians as a matter of policy, Goldstone wrote that if evidence which had been available later had been available at the time (a reason why it had not been available at the time being "Israel’s lack of cooperation with our investigation"), the Goldstone Report would have been a different document.
Glen Keane, the film's original director, first began working on the story for what became "Tangled" about 14 years prior to its release, then directed the film's development from 2002 to 2008. In October 2003, the film was announced as "Rapunzel Unbraided", as a computer animated feature scheduled for a 2007 release which Keane described as "a "Shrek"-like version of the film" that revolved around an entirely different concept. Keane said of the original plot, "It was a fun, wonderful, witty version and we had a couple of great writers. But in my heart of hearts I believed there was something much more sincere and genuine to get out of the story, so we set it aside and went back to the roots of the original fairy tale." In November 2005, "Unbraided" was pushed back to a summer 2009 release in order to give Keane "more time to work on the story."
Loss.

Harvey Proctor
He returned in 1954 with "The Pinky Lee Show", an Emmy-nominated afternoon children's program that spawned later imitators such as "Pee-Wee's Playhouse". It was followed each day by the popular "Howdy Doody Show". He opened each show with his trademark theme song, "Yoo Hoo, It's Me!":
where formula_10 is defined in terms of Prandtl's mixing length hypothesis:
Rail.
Next Generation.
The country had 2.594 million fixed broadband subscribers in 2010.
The country had 0.145 million fixed broadband subscribers in 2010.
Warfare.
Regional Development Centre.
""We were originally grown from the same root;"<br>
Criticism and controversy.
At the Avex Group Holdings' concert tour a-nation 2009, Komuro made a surprise appearance on August 22, 2009. He played a medley of his hit songs at the piano and later reunited on stage with his fellow members of the J-pop group globe, Marc Panther and his wife Keiko.
Blue Wonder
Transportation.
Dame Margot Fonteyn de Arias, DBE (18 May 191921 February 1991), was an English ballerina. She is widely regarded as one of the greatest classical ballet dancers of all time. She spent her entire career as a dancer with The Royal Ballet, eventually being appointed "Prima Ballerina Assoluta" of the company by Queen Elizabeth II.
Starting out in radio, Sunil Dutt was hugely popular on the Hindi Service of Radio Ceylon, the oldest radio station in South Asia. He moved to acting in Hindi films and got introduced to the film industry with the 1955 film "Railway Platform". He shot to stardom in the 1957 film "Mother India" in which he co-starred with Nargis, whom he married on 11 March 1958. In the film, Dutt played a short-tempered, angry son of Nargis. During the making of this film a fire accident happened on the sets. It is believed that Dutt braved the raging fire to save Nargis and thereby won her love. He had one son Sanjay Dutt, also a successful film actor and two daughters, Priya Dutt and Namrata Dutt. His daughter Namrata married Kumar Gaurav, son of Rajendra Kumar. The two fathers were co-stars in "Mother India".
Landau may refer to:
France
<doc id="620861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=620861" title="Quettreville-sur-Sienne">
"Gurkha" was built by John I. Thornycroft & Company, of Woolston, Hampshire, at a cost of £4,865,000 She was launched on 11 July 1960 and commissioned on 13 February 1963. In 1965 she was present at Portsmouth Navy Days.
<doc id="621010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=621010" title="Fan convention">
