Loch Etive (Scottish Gaelic, "Loch Eite") is a 30 km sea loch in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It reaches the sea at Connel, 5 km north of Oban. It measures 31.6 km (19 miles) long and from 1.2 km ( mile) to wide. Its depth varies greatly, up to a maximum of .
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Turan serves as the administrative center of Piy-Khemsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with three rural localities, incorporated within Piy-Khemsky District as Turan Town Under District Jurisdiction. As a municipal division, Turan Town Under District Jurisdiction is incorporated within Piy-Khemsky Municipal District as Turan Urban Settlement.
Connaught.
"Nakiri bocho" are knives for home use, and usually have a black blade. The shape of the "nakiri bocho" differs according to the region of origin, with knives in the Tokyo area being rectangular in shape, whereas the knives in the Osaka area have a rounded corner on the far blunt side. The cutting edge is angled from both sides, called "ryoba" in Japanese. This makes it easier to cut straight slices.
The daughter of Polish Jews, Shtettin had a strict Orthodox Jewish upbringing in London. She began her theatrical career in the chorus of Israel Grodner's London troupe in the mid-1880s, eventually getting small parts, and joining Adler's troupe when the Grodners went to Paris. Adler, then a widower, quickly took a liking to her. At this time, he was already involved with Jenny ("Jennya") Kaiser, whom he had become romantically involved with while his first wife, Sonya, was still alive, and by whom he had had a son.
The team won their second straight provincials in 2008, sending them to the 2008 Tim Hortons Brier. On March 13, 2008, Martin's team from Alberta became the first team since 2003 to go through the round robin at the Tim Hortons Brier undefeated. They finished the round robin with a perfect 11–0 win-loss record. They knocked off Saskatchewan 8–7 in the 1 vs. 2 game, and then beat rival and defending champion Glenn Howard of Ontario 5–4 in the final. With that perfect finish, Martin won his third Brier title. Martin finally won his first World Championship at the 2008 World Men's Curling Championship in Grand Forks, North Dakota. After finishing the round robin with a 10–1 win-loss record, he lost to Scotland, skipped by David Murdoch, in the 1 vs. 2 game, only to beat them in a rematch in the final 6–3. This was the first time Kevin Martin won a gold medal at an international curling event. The Martin rink finished the 2007–08 season with two more Grand Slam titles. Due to his Brier and World Championship successes in 2008, the Canadian Curling Association selected Kevin Martin's team (along with Jennifer Jones, Kevin Koe and Stefanie Lawton) to be Canada's representatives on "Team North America" at the 2008 Continental Cup of Curling.
List of places in New Hampshire
North Rochester - in Rochester<br>
Underwood's debut album, "Some Hearts", was released on November 15, 2005, entering the "Billboard" charts with 315,000 copies sold, debuting at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums and at No. 2 on the "Billboard" 200. The large first week sales of "Some Hearts" made it the biggest debut of any country artist since the advent of the SoundScan system in 1991. "Some Hearts" became the best-selling album of 2006 in all genres in the United States. The album was also the best-selling country album of both 2006 and 2007, making Underwood the first female artist in "Billboard" history to earn back-to-back honors for Top Country Album. Additionally, it was the best-selling female country album of 2005, 2006 and 2007. "Some Hearts" has since been certified seven times Platinum by the RIAA, and is the fastest-selling debut country album in the history of the SoundScan era, the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history, the best-selling Country album of the last 10 years, and the best-selling album by an American Idol alumni in the U.S. The album's second single, "Jesus, Take the Wheel" was released to radio in October and later peaked at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs, topping it for six consecutive weeks, and at twenty on the Hot 100. The song sold over two million copies and was certified double Platinum by the RIAA. Underwood's third single, "Some Hearts", was also released in October, but just to the pop radios. "Don't Forget to Remember Me", her fourth single, also proved successful, reaching No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. Later that autumn, Underwood's third country single, "Before He Cheats", hit No. 1 on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs, staying there for five consecutive weeks. The song peaked at No. 8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, achieving the slowest climb ever to the top 10 of the "Billboard" Hot 100, breaking the record that was previously held by Creed from July 2000. In February 2008, when it was certified double Platinum, "Before He Cheats" became the first country song to ever be certified multi-platinum by the RIAA. It has now been certified four times Platinum, selling nearly four million copies, and is the fourth best-selling country digital song of all time. On April 11, 2007, Underwood continued her streak of top Country singles with the release of "Wasted", which peaked at No. 1 on the Hot Country Songs Chart, sold nearly one million copies and was certified Gold by the RIAA. In August 2008, the "Jesus, Take the Wheel" ringtone was reported to have been certified Platinum, making Underwood the first country artist ever to have two songs hit Platinum Mastertone status together with "Before He Cheats", which had been certified earlier in 2007. Underwood started her first headlined tour, , with dates across North America.
