Military career.
In February 1685 Charles II died and was succeeded by his brother James VII. Argyll returned to Scotland intending to lead a rebellion against the King to coincide with the Duke of Monmouth's revolt in England. In June, shortly after landing, Argyll was captured in Renfrew, taken to Edinburgh and beheaded in the town's Grassmarket .
To his efforts to arouse in Irishmen a sense of the value of their ancient language and music was largely due the inauguration of the Gaelic League in 1893 and of the Feis Cecil (Irish musical festival) in 1897. 
Markings in the walls of Crack Cave were made more than 1,000 years ago which are illuminated by rays of the sun during the spring and autumn equinox. Free tours are conducted by the National Forest Service on equinox dates in March and September.

Several anthologies of stories from "The Horror Zine" have been published.
<doc id="33899523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33899523" title="Jushan">
As of June 2012, Occupy Rochester (NY) had continued to engage in organized meetings, events and actions.
Triveni Supermarkets is a chain of retail supermarkets operating in the co-operative sector in the state of Kerala, India. This system is at large controlled by the Government of Kerala. Hence this chain is in principle used as part of the governmental intervention in the retail market in the state to control retail prices. Presently there are a total of 200 outlets throughout the state. The chain is operated by the Kerala State Co-operative Consumers Federation Limited.
Tower of Soul
Political career.


Arthur James Richard Ash (September 30, 1906 – January 15, 1988) was a merchant and political figure in British Columbia. He represented Saanich in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1948 to 1952 as a Liberal.
The STB deployed with the brigade under the command of LTC Tommy Mancino, to Afghanistan in 2011 and in an unprecedented move was made a battlespace owner in Laghman Province in Eastern Afghanistan. By leveraging its troops' unique skill sets, a few attachments, and the use of combat multipliers available in the theater, the STB conducted combat operations to a high degree of lethality and suffered no fatalities, and still provided the usual support functions it was designed for. Company A (Engineer) conducted thousands of miles of route clearance operations, Company B (MI) collected and analyzed intelligence for the brigade and flew UAV surveillance missions, and Company C (Signal) was present all across the brigade's area of operations, providing critical connectivity and communications, all while also meeting other needs of the brigade, such as force protection on a myriad of small bases and outposts.
Precious Mthembu
The company’s longevity bears two hallmarks: continuity in the ownership succession model and management teams made up of people grown within the organisation with discontinuous presence at the helm of members of the owners’ families, who were present in early years, then absent for decades to make a comeback as the company became a well-established name in the industry.
By 1900, the Jesuit priests were educating 100 boys, and the nuns had 169 girls.
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 158
<doc id="33905176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33905176" title="Eulimella kaisensis">
Odostomia rubra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.
