Demographics.
Sebastian Kolasiński
During World War II, an "emergency men's division" was created, and in 1942 the first graduate degree was conferred. In 1949, an Albany Division was opened, offering two-year, four-year and graduate degrees under the charter of Russell Sage College and extending the College's mission to include the education of men on the second campus. Sage Junior College of Albany received its own degree-granting powers in 1957. In 1995, Sage Graduate School became authorized to grant degrees independently, Sage Evening College became recognized as a separate administrative unit, and the institution was re-chartered by the Board of Regents of the state of New York as The Sage Colleges, often referred to for the sake of convenience as "Sage." The words Russell Sage College refer only to the college for women. In 2001, Sage Junior College of Albany and Sage Evening College were replaced by a single entity, Sage College of Albany.

The trailer had specially composed music by Jerry Goldsmith, who had originally been attached to score the film; the film's music was composed and conducted by Alan Silvestri with the Sinfonia of London. The soundtrack album was released by Epic Records; Silvestri's tracks are in bold, with the songs in italics only on the UK release.
In 1894 he was sent to demonstrate a Hugo Borchardt-designed weapon, manufactured by Deutsche Waffen und Munitions Fabriken (DWM) (which had evolved from Loewe after its founder's death), to the US Army. The Army rejected the pistol, but from criticism he received, Luger improved it, creating the Parabellum pistol (commonly called a Luger). This pistol was a success for both Luger and DWM.
The oil crisis hit Jensen Motors hard, greatly damaging the sales of their very large V8 Interceptor model and thus degrading their financial condition as a whole. The Jensen GT was then hurriedly brought to market, requiring massive labour expense and taxing the firm's budget even further. As the Jensen-Healey continued to garner mediocre sales in the United Kingdom (though the car was relatively popular in the United States), the situation proved to be too much for the company, which, amid strike action, component shortages and inflation, proceeded to liquidate in 1975 and close their doors in May 1976.

Dozens of other student organizations, from the Yearbook to Model United Nations to "Pots and Pans" (a moral/spirit group), are active throughout the academic year. Most clubs are organized by students and sponsored by faculty. Almost any interest supported by a group of students can be organized into a club, subject to approval by the Dean of Students. Funds are often provided for club activities, examples being pizza lunches or science materials. Other examples of clubs include sports based clubs (baseball, hockey, soccer, curling), science (Science and Math Club, Faraday), cinematography (MavTV), academic (Quiz Bowl/Academic Challenge, Mathematical Problem Solving Club), government (Junior Statesmen, Model UN), international interests (Spanish Club, Italian Club, International Club), and general interests (Auto club et al.). Interest and activity in clubs varies from year to year.
In an autobiographical chapter of his book, "Becoming Gay: The Journey to Self-Acceptance", Isay tells the story of how he spent ten years trying to change his homosexual orientation. During his analysis, he married. After completing his analysis, he realized that he was, in fact, gay. He was closeted for several years, during which time he became a prominent member of the American Psychoanalytic Association. He began to write and about homosexuality shortly after meeting his life partner, in 1979.
For many years the primary world-class observatory in the Soviet Union was the Pulkovo Observatory outside Saint Petersburg, originally built in 1839. Like many observatories of its era, it was primarily dedicated to timekeeping, weather, navigation and similar practical tasks, with a secondary role for scientific research. Around its 50th anniversary a new 76 cm telescope, then the world's largest, was installed for deep space observation. Further upgrades were limited due to a variety of factors, while a number of much larger instruments were built around the world over the next few decades.
The Southern Tenant Farmers' Union was one of few unions in the 1930s that was open to all races. Promoting not only nonviolent protest for their fair share of the AAA money, they also promoted the idea that blacks and whites could work efficiently together. Because these ideas were highly controversial at the time, the Farmers' Union met with harsh resistance from the landowners and local public officials. The Southern Tenant Farmers' Union leaders were often harassed and ignored.
"Beautiful Day" received mostly positive reviews from critics. Olaf Tyaransen of "Hot Press" called the song "surprisingly straightforward but still infectiously catchy", while the magazine's Peter Murphy said the track broke the band's trend of releasing lead singles that broke new sonic ground but were not the best songs from their respective albums. Murphy called the song a "patented U2 cavalry charge from "U2 3" through "The Joshua Tree" to Jubilee 2000". "The Guardian" said the song "strikes an appropriate note of putting the past behind you and getting on with the rest of your life". The review praised the track for its "bustling beat", "contagious chorus and vintage guitar chimes from Edge". Robert Hilburn of the "Los Angeles Times" called the track proof that the band's music had once again been "graced by the glorious textures of Edge's guitar, and Bono has dropped the masks". "Rolling Stone" called the song "poised, then pouncing" and said it was one of many from the album that has a "resonance that doesn't fade with repeated listening". "The Philadelphia Inquirer" was critical of the song, saying it was not "driven by the fire of true believers", but rather by the band's need for a hit, and that it was "a move to solidify a base that may already have slipped away".
"The Rival".
The Erie West Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. states of Pennsylvania and Ohio. The line runs from Erie, Pennsylvania southwest along the shore of Lake Erie to Cleveland, Ohio along the former New York Central Railroad main line.
