Paul K. Weimer
Randy Griffin is a professional boxer. While best known as a middleweight, he began as a light heavyweight and worked his way down in weight class. Griffin unsuccessfully challenged for the WBA Middleweight title on October 20, 2007, managing a draw against defending champion Felix Sturm, but losing against him July 5, 2008.
Global Humanitarian Forum

Despite the growing civilian population, during the 18th and 19th centuries, civilians in Gibraltar were often considered as second-class citizens, subordinate of the colonial regime without significant political authority. At the time, there was a visible ethnic difference between the Gibraltarians and the British colonisers, and politically the Gibraltarians were powerless. The official citizens of Gibraltar were the garrison of soldiers and the hierarchy of colonial administrators. Furthermore, as a garrison, between 1878 and 1945 adult males outnumbered their female counterparts ten to one, and infants and children made up less than 2% of the community at any point in time. British soldiers had preferential access to scarce resources such as housing, water, fresh and frozen meat, free medical care, and their own hospital. The troops lived in barracks with sanitary facilities. In contrast, most civilian dwellings did not have running water until after World War II.



3. Ralph's third plan is to build a simple suspension bridge out of firecrackers and lure Sam to the other side. When Sam passes, Ralph grabs a sheep, lights the firecrackers, and runs across the bridge, ensuring that Sam has no way to return. However, Sam uses his uncanny ability to appear at the other end of the bridge, where he prompts Ralph to hand over the sheep. Ralph begins running toward the burning end of the bridge (which is now floating in midair, against the laws of gravity, but not the laws of cartoon physics) and extinguishes the firecracker. However, Sam lit the other end of the bridge, and Ralph's bridge disappears beneath him.
Dental anthropologist Peter Lucas suggests that the advent of cooking and preparing it by making food easier to chew led to the issues of malocclusion in modern humans and a steady decrease in the size of teeth. Because the food was made smaller, but not less tough, the human jaw shrank too much to adequately fit all of the teeth.
The very first artist to inspire Kenia was Selena. Kenia emulated Selena's every move, performing daily in her living room, driveway or porch; which Kenia referred to as “her stage”. Other artists like Madonna, Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, and Janet Jackson, as well as Juan Luis Guerra, and Celia Cruz were also some of Kenia's early musical influences. Growing up in a Latino household, the rhythms of loud Salsa and Merengue music were a staple of Kenia's daily musical diet; a beautiful memory that she wishes to continue when she has her own family in the future.

Jim Cottrell
He was born on February 14, 1974 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union. In 2002 he graduated from Yerevan State Medical University with a degree in neurology. Worked three years in a psychological hospital. From 1993 to 2002 was a member (captain from 1997) of the New Armenians team of the Russian TV show KVN. In 2003 with the help of fellow New Armenians Artur Djanibekyan and Artash Sarksyan he founded Comedy Club. Together with Larisa Dolina he won the Two Stars TV show. He hosted the first two seasons of "Minuta Slavy", Russian version of America's Got Talent on Channel One. He and his wife Zhanna Levina met in Sochi, Russia and have a daughter Jasmine, who was born in 2004.
<doc id="14207020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14207020" title="One Nation (infrastructure)">
Gillian Bouras studied for her Bachelor of Arts at the University of Melbourne, and from 1967 to 1980 she worked as a secondary school teacher of English. In 1981 Mrs. Bouras completed her Master of Education thesis at the same university on the life of her grandfather: "School teacher in Victoria: the biography of Arthur John Hicks".
Climate Justice as Evaluative Model: “"Climate Justice is a struggle over land, forest, water, culture, food sovereignty, collective and social rights; it is a struggle that considers “justice” at the basis of any solution; a struggle that supports climate solutions found in the practices and knowledge of those already fighting to protect and defend their livelihoods and the environment; a struggle that insists on a genuine systematic transformation in order to tackle the real causes of climate change… Climate Justice addresses four key themes: root causes, rights, reparations and participatory democracy."”
Nellie Pratt was born in Macon, Georgia on May 4, 1890.
