Species.
In the first edition of "Genera Palmarum" (1987), Natalie Uhl and John Dransfield placed the genus "Cryosophila" in the subfamily Coryphoideae, the tribe Corypheae and the subtribe Thrinacinae Subsequent phylogenetic analysis showed that the Old World and New World members of the Thrinacinae were not closely related. As a consequence of this, "Cryosophila" and related genera were places in their own tribe, Cryosophileae. Within this tribe, "Cryosophila" appears to be most closely related to the genus "Schippia".
<doc id="12354331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12354331" title="Dutch cricket team in Canada in 2007">
Dypsis pilulifera is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.
External links.
Academics.
It is found only in Queensland, Australia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
In his pursuit to become the "real Chinese", entitled to rule all over the Heavenly Kingdom, Hailing moved his court from the original Jurchen capital, Huining to Yanjing (modern Beijing) in 1153, and later on (1157) ordered to destroy the palaces in Huining.
Trachycarpus nana
Cliff Livingston
The Manchester Road scheme consists of a combination of Guided Busways and Bus Lanes together with pedestrian and cycling facilities. The inbound section of Bus Lane run from Croft Street to Bowling Old Lane and Mayo Avenue to Odsal Top and the outbound guideway runs from Bowling Old Lane to Mayo Avenue. The points where buses leave these facilities to enter into the general traffic on the approach to junctions are controlled by traffic signals.
Adhahn was born in Bangkok, Thailand to Pennsiri Bower and a Thai father. As a child, Adhahn was allegedly raped repeatedly by an older sibling. It was also reported that his father physically abused him until his parents divorced around the time Adhahn was 3 or 4. After Adhahn's father left, his mother married an American serviceman named John Bower and the family moved to San Diego in 1977 and later they moved to Germany. 
In the Spring of 2012 the Mandt brothers became co-producers of "Million Dollar Arm, In 2008, multi Emmy Award winning television sports producers, Neil & Michael Mandt began documenting the training and try outs that Singh and Patel were undergoing at the USC campus. Once the boys were signed by the Pirates, Neil Mandt, a feature film director in his own right, viewed the project as a feature film and he and his brother used their production team, and the original footage they had shot, to create a 9 minute trailer for a movie that had yet to be made. In December 2008, the Mandt brothers joined forces with seasoned movie producers Mark Ciardi, Gordon Gray and Joe Roth to shop the project. In early 2009, the screen rights to Singh and Patel's life story were purchased by Sony Pictures Entertainment for development at Columbia Pictures.Sony hired Mitch Glazer to write the screenplay.[10 The film is scheduled for release in May 2014.
In 1965, Arizona proposed for an extension of US 93 from Kingman to Ash Fork, overlapping US 66, and then south to Phoenix. This proposal was protested by the towns of Aguila and Wickenburg that argued that US 93 should pass through their towns rather than the proposed alignment to the east. The town of Wickenburg contested that a direct routing between Phoenix and Kingman would be shorter than the routing through Ash Fork and that it would provide a necessary connection between Phoenix, the state capital, and the northwestern part of the state.
Adel Abdessemed,
On 4 July "Ransom" resumed minesweeping operations. Throughout the month she operated in the East China Sea, sweeping a total of seven mines, then, on 6 August, she retired to Leyte for overhaul and repair. Returning to Okinawa at the end of the month, she continued on to Japan with task group TG 52.4, and on 9 September began sweeping mines at Nagasaki. On 21 September, she shifted to Bungo Suido, where she swept until the end of September. During the month "Ransom" swept 73 enemy mines. "Ransom" departed Kure, Japan, for the United States 20 November. Transiting the Panama Canal 30 December 1945, she continued on to New Orleans, Louisiana; underwent pre-inactivation overhaul; and decommissioned at Orange, Texas, 3 March 1947. 
It is found along the coastal areas of eastern South Africa and possibly Mozambique.
Langridge was a tall left-handed opening batsman who had particular success in the early 1960s, making 1675 runs in 1961 followed by 1885 runs in 1962.
It is endemic to the Philippines.


Habitat.

Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, rivers, freshwater springs, plantations, rural gardens, urban areas, ponds, and irrigated land.
