
The Provisions themselves were an enlarged scheme of governmental reform drawn up by the committee of 24 barons who had been originally appointed under the Provisions of Oxford (which the Provisions of Westminster superseded). The new document largely reinforced many of the provisions of the earlier Provisions of Oxford, but also provided for additional inheritance and taxation reforms (including the first statutory provisions relating to Mortmain).
On 25 September 1998, the Esso Longford gas explosion killed two and injured eight others. As Victoria's largest supplier of natural gas the aftermath was considerable with hundreds of thousands of homes affected. Many Victorians experienced 20 days without gas hot-water or heating. A Royal Commission was held finding Esso responsible for the accident.
Following the First World War Orgreave was acquired by the United Steel Companies who used the coal obtained to supply the new Orgreave Coking and By Products plant. Metallurgical coke was supplied from here to United Steel’s blast furnace plant at Scunthorpe. From 1922 coke oven gas was supplied to the Sheffield Gas Company, this continuing until the advent of gas from below the North Sea.

There is a mountain which is made of single piece stone height about 500 meter known as Mandar Parbat. At the top two temples are made one is Narshimha (one of the incarnation of god Vishnu ) Temple and other is Digamber Jain Tirthanakar'. There is a famous old Nationalistic university established by then freedom fighters to impart pure Indian Education in Indian style in tune with Gujrat Vidyapith,Kashi Vidyapith,Bihar Vidyapith,co founded by late Shri Harivallav Narayan Singh a famous social reformer, a freedom fighter and a land lord of village Azadnagar, Sabalpur vide a registered settlement deed no. 2002/1945. Social worker Sri Ramani Mohan Singh of Narayanpur and Sri Anand Shankar Madhvan played significant role in the establishment of 'Mandar Vidyapith' . The first president of the Indian Republic Desratna Dr. Rajendra Prasad was the founder President and "Bihar Bibhuti" late Dr. Anugraha Narayan Singh was the first working President of the reputed Mandar Vidyapith . A Gandhian, south Indian, Hindi lover literature Anand Shankar Madhavan was the first Acharya and Kulpati(Chancellor) of the Mandar Vidyapith. Govind Prasad Jha, Krishna Kinkar Singh, Tribhuvan Prasad Singh, Shyamakant Jha etc. were the key persons behind the development of Mandar Vidyapith . Post Independence, the gandhian dream of Hindi University could not work out so ultimately in 1993 an English Medium School "Adwaita Mission" was started by one of Madhvan's Anandmargi disciple Mr Aditya and is being run inside the campus of old Mandar Vidyapeeth. People behind the Adwaita Mission established Adwait Mission Institute of Technology (AMIT), an ITI, a B.Ed College and a sprawling educational complex and a Rural University at Shivdham in 2013.
<doc id="8179427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8179427" title="LinnDrum">
<doc id="8179867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8179867" title="Danny Ramnarais">
This is a list of stock exchanges in Africa.
Members of Parliament.
After his death "The Raj Khosla Foundation" was established by his daughter Sunita Khosla Bhalla, with Shatrughan Sinha, as its chairman, and members like Manoj Kumar, Moushumi Chatterjee, Kabir Bedi, Mahesh Bhatt, Amit Khanna and Johny Bakshi.

Gay Crusader was a small and weak yearling and early in his two year old season his progress was delayed by sore shins. It was autumn before he appeared on a racecourse when he ran in the Clearwell Stakes at Newmarket and finished sixth of the twelve runners. Despite this performance he was moved up in class for the Criterion Stakes over the same course in October. He was not strongly fancied, but won the race in a close finish by a head from the filly Molly Desmond.

Paper Wings is the second album from the pop punk band Cauterize, formerly T.O.E., which was released independently without a label.
Opposition to the 1834 Poor Law Amendment Act.
On January 21, 2006, Kim Jong-kook, Im Tae-kyung and herself participated in Thuy Nga's Paris By Night 81 concert in California. Jeon performed "2AM". An accident in early 2006 forced Jeon to have surgery done, and under the advice of others, she underwent nose and teeth reconstruction. She eventually confirmed that she underwent plastic surgery when rumors were quickly spreading about the change in her appearance. She appeared as one of the six women on "Heroine 6", a popular segment on the Korean Broadcasting System (KBS) variety show "Happy Sunday" until it ended in 2007.
The degree was introduced in Denmark-Norway in 1479, as the highest degree at the Faculty of Philosophy, and was equivalent to the doctoral degrees in Theology, Law and Medicine. It was replaced by the Doctor Philosophiae degree as the highest degree at the Faculty of Philosophy in both countries in 1824. In 1848, the Magister's degree was reintroduced in Denmark, as a degree above the Candidate's degree, formally equal to the Licentiate's degrees at the other faculties. The new Magister's degree was originally formally known as "Magisterkonferens", "Magister Counselor". The program was designed to be preparation for finding employment as a researcher. Sometimes the degree was obtained after the Candidate's degree had been obtained. The Magister's degrees, directly based on the Danish ones, were introduced in Norway in the early 1920s. In 1955, the Licentiate's degrees were also introduced at the University of Oslo Faculty of Law, and were occasionally awarded until 2003.
