Daniel Schechter is an American film director, editor and screenwriter. His film "Supporting Characters" debuted at Tribeca Film Festival in 2012. His latest, "Life of Crime", which stars Jennifer Aniston, Tim Robbins and Isla Fisher, opened in theaters in August 2014.
<doc id="35569531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35569531" title="C.P Dubb">


In 1887 the foundation stone of the Goa-Portuguese Association building was laid, and in 1888 an imposing building was completed at a cost of Rs. 14,013. The building is a magnificent structure, and a popular Karachi landmark. The building has an extensive dance hall on the upper floor. There is a spacious stage for concerts, plays and operas. There are billiard and card rooms, table tennis rooms, a well furnished library, a well stocked bar and an outdoor tennis court.

Harry Barker
Credits for "A Million Lights" adapted from Allmusic.
1949 – King's
Laurence Anyways is a 2012 Canadian drama film written and directed by Xavier Dolan. The film competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival where Suzanne Clément won the Un Certain Regard Award for Best Actress. The film also won the Queer Palm Award at the festival.
The Nashik district is under proposal to be divided and a separate Malegaon District be carved out of existing Nashik district with the inclusion of the north eastern parts of Nashik district which include Malegaon, Nandgaon, Chandwad, Deola, Baglan, and Kalwan talukas in the proposed Malegaon district.
Virgin Galactic, a space industry company, is currently using ideas from James Bond film to develop flight suites. As Rob Coppinger points out from Space.com, “In the movie, European billionaire Hugo Drax launches shuttles from South America to send carefully chosen "perfect" people into space where they will create a master race to repopulate the world. In real life, European billionaire Sir Richard Branson plans to launch his SpaceShipTwo suborbital spacecraft from North America carrying passengers paying hefty ticket prices.
