The label “open source” was created and adopted by a group of people in the free software movement at a strategy session held at Palo Alto, California, in reaction to Netscape's January 1998 announcement of a source code release for Navigator. One of the reasoning behind using the term was that "the of using the term open source [is that the business world usually tries to keep free technologies from being installed." Those people who adopted the term used the opportunity before the release of Navigator's source code to free themselves of the ideological and confrontational connotations of the term "free software". Later in February 1998, Bruce Perens and Eric S. Raymond founded an organization called Open Source Initiative (OSI) “as an educational, advocacy, and stewardship organization at a cusp moment in the history of that culture.” 
Further reading.
Biography.
Christophersen was also an accomplished painter, and became well known for his impressionist portraits of local society ladies. He died in Buenos Aires in 1946.
Bugariu served as Director of Coaching and Player Development for Northern FC, a club in the state of New Mexico with over 1000 players. 
<doc id="25193044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25193044" title="Osei Boateng">

Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Alan Wurtzburger and his wife, Janet, contributed four collections of art to the Baltimore Museum of Art. The first of these collections was cataloged in the Wurtzburger Collection of African Sculpture in 1954. This was followed by the Wurtzburger Collection of Oceanic Art in 1956 and the Wurtzburger Collection of Pre-Columbian Art, 1958. The final large contribution made by the Wurtzburgers was a collection of modern sculpture, formerly housed at their estate, Timberlane, that can now be found in one of the two sculpture gardens adjacent to the museum. Within the Wurtzburger garden are works of art by Henry Moore, Sir Jacob Epstein, and Auguste Rodin.
The abandoning of the LTCF proposal was received with jubilation by opponents of the LTCF not only in the Mildura area and elsewhere in Victoria, but also across the border in South Australia where there were fears that in reputation, if not in substance, the toxic waste could affect the water supply via the Murray River and thereby the fruit-growing industries of the Riverland and Murraylands.
<doc id="25194775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25194775" title="Trần Duệ Tông">
Presley was first elected mayor of Branson in 2007, then re-elected in 2009, 2011, and 2013. She previously served as a Branson City Council Alderman for 10 years. She has also served in leadership positions with the Missouri Tourism Commission, Cox Health Center Branson, Springfield/Branson National Airport, Council of Churches of the Ozarks, Ozarks Technical Community College Foundation, and Community Partnership of the Ozarks.
IU Health-"Cardiac Comprehensive Critical Care Unit"
Sylvanus Morley and Toltec Migration.
Uigg, Prince Edward Island
Although there are restrictions for commercial fishermen, crabbing with hand lines for recreational purposes is open throughout the year in most states in the US. There are limits and seasons for catching female crabs. Please refer to individual state fishery guidelines.
Pevsner described the church as:an intriguing and problematical building, with a three-gabled east termination and a west tower, looking like a Devon church. Nave, chancel, and aisles continuing into chapels; a rectangle except for the tower and north porch.
Career.

Todalen is a village on the north shore of the Vinjefjorden in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is located about south of the municipal center of Aure. Until the beginning of 19th century, it was a municipal center with a lensmann and council. Todal had a post office until 1956, a steamboat connection to the town of Kristiansund and primary school until 1968. It is now best known for its festival, Rock mot ras, based on an idea by Kristian Todal.
Gorenjski Vrh () is a settlement in the Municipality of Zavrč in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia. The area traditionally belonged to the Styria region. It is now included in the Drava Statistical Region.
The serene villages and tall palm trees creates a thrilling experience on the tourists.
Werder Bremen.
Sher Mohammad Karimi
<doc id="25200494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25200494" title="Bill Kirk">
A Chain Reaction.
Four years later it was expanded into the Stockade District. FOHK has worked to get other properties in the Stockade recognized as well, and renovated some others. It also maintains the Frog Alley area at the district's northwest corner.

