India.
TRC inherited ferry and cargo ship services on Lake Tanganyika and Lake Malawi and some ships on Lake Victoria.
Values of A for some reactions can be found in here.

The Multi Lane Free Flow (MLFF) is an electronic toll collection system that allows free flow high speed tolli system highway for all its users. With MLFF, the current toll lanes at toll plazas will be replaced with readers at gantry across the highway to detect vehicle and deduct toll using the existing Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) when fully implemented. The Malaysian Highway Authority (MHA) is planning to implement MLFF system at all highways in stages starting 2010.
A Y-cable or Y cable is a self describing name of a type of cable containing three ends of which one is a common end that in turn leads to a split into the remaining two ends. When looked upon, a Y-cable can resemble the Latin letter "Y". Y-cables are typically, but not necessarily, short (less than 12 inches), and often the ends connect to other cables.
Conceived of as an evolving project, ROUNDTABLE included 43 new commissions and 15 residencies, as well as a series of Workstations and E-Journals in the build up to and during the main exhibition, aimed at engaging with a global audience. Through this multiplicity of approaches, ROUNDTABLE acknowledged the impossibility of unconditional collaboration and challenged viewers to consider a non-hierarchical exchange towards global cultural production. Over 92 artists, artist groups, and temporary collectives from 44 countries participated in the exhibition, which ran from 7 September – 11 November 2012.
Iu blo' wea? = "Where are you from?"

The basketball clinic was his main basketball interest. In 1922, Taylor led the first one at North Carolina State University, and continued for years. His next "demonstration", as he described it, was for Fielding Yost at the University of Michigan, followed by Columbia and then for Doc Carlson at Pitt. It continued for a third of a century, in the high schools and YMCAs of the country. Steve Stone, a former Converse president, noted "Chuck's gimmick was to go to a small town, romance the coach, and put on a clinic. He would teach basketball and work with the local sporting goods dealer, but without encroaching on the coach's own system."
The 1941 February Strike, also known as 'The Strike of February 1941', was a general strike organized during World War II in the Netherlands against the anti-Jewish measures and activities of the Nazis. Its direct causes were the pogroms held by the Germans in the Jewish neighbourhood of Amsterdam. The strike started on 25 February and was largely struck down the next day. It was the first direct action undertaken against the anti-Jewish measures of the Nazis in occupied Europe, and it was carried out by non-Jews.
The investment autosurf concept is against PayPal's Acceptable Use Policy [http://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p/gen/ua/use/index_frame-outside&ed=rich_quick]. Historically, PayPal blocked most autosurf programs' accounts after the 12DailyPro incident. However, autosurf traffic exchanges that do not have investment options or pay members to surf were allowed to continue or resume using PayPal as a payment processor.
<doc id="30863290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30863290" title="Tim Anderson (defensive tackle)">
During the transition to democracy (1975–1982), following the end of the Francoist dictatorship, Touriño revealed himself as a left wing political activist and even participated in the drafting of the Galician Statute of Autonomy of 1981. He joined the cabinet of minister Abel Caballero at the Spanish ministry for transportation, tourism and communications. He also worked in a senior position at the ministry for public works, transportation and the environment. In 1994, he was accused of having accepted irregular payments and as a result renounced to all his political posts and returned to academia. That same year he also received the Spanish Great Cross of Civil Merit. He eventually returned to politics in 1996 when he was elected to the Spanish Congress representing A Coruña Province though he resigned from Congress in 1997. 

Balgowan Estate (from 1902).
HD broadcasts of rugby league's Super League began from the start of the 2008 season in February 2008. Super Bowl XLI marked the first NFL broadcast in HD in the UK; additional NFL games in HD have since been phased in. "Monday Night Football", "Thursday Night Football", "Thanksgiving Day games" and the NFL Playoffs were shown in HD from 2008.
The report concludes that the United States should "reflect on its erroneous position and behavior on human rights, and stop its unpopular interference with other countries' internal affairs under the pretext of promoting human rights".
At about 5:00 p.m. Korea Standard Time (UTC+9:00), the fifth floor ceiling began to sink, resulting in store workers blocking customer access to the fifth floor. According to "Seconds From Disaster", the store was packed with shoppers 57 minutes before the collapse, but the owner did not close the store or carry out repairs at that time. When the building started to produce cracking sounds at about 5:52:30 p.m., workers began to sound alarms and evacuate the building, but by then it was too late.
CPIC is broken down into four data banks: Investigative, Identification, Intelligence and Ancillary which contain information on:
Vitória's Cup victories allowed them to compete in the European Cup-Winners' Cup. They lost 4-2 on aggregate in the first round to AGF Aarhus in 1965-66 and 7-3 on aggregate to Bayern Munich in the second round in 1967-68.
FourFourTwo is a football magazine published by Haymarket. Issued monthly, it published its 200th edition in February 2011. It takes its name from the football formation of the same name, 4-4-2, which is considered to be a basic, trustworthy and standard formation in English football.
If the water bottles are not left in the sun for the proper length of time, the water may not be safe to drink and could cause illness. If the sunlight is less strong, due to overcast weather or a less sunny climate, a longer exposure time in the sun is necessary.
The Salomons Museum is a museum, north of Tunbridge Wells. It preserves the country house of Sir David Salomons, the first Jewish Lord Mayor of London, and of his nephew, Sir David Lionel Salomons, a scientist and engineer. Originally it was called 'Broomhill'. The university acquired Salomons Museum from the National Health Service (NHS) in 1995. The campus comprises a substantial Grade II listed mansion, set in parkland. The mansion is also used to host weddings and conferences.
In early 2008 they announced that the band would be disbanding in June 2008.
In the Philippines, Rear Admiral Patricio Montojo, realizing that Subic Bay would provide a more defensible position than Cavite, ordered his smaller ships and the batteries in Manila Bay to resist the Dewey's fleet and deny them the entrance to Manila Bay. His other units would then use Subic Bay as a sally port, with which he could attack the American fleet's rear and cut off its supplies. On the April 26, Montojo arrived at Subic Bay aboard the "Reina Cristina", with seven other ships.
