Vasilios Kotronias
The name of the municipality has gone through a series of changes. The early settlers and occupants called it ""Lapo"", short for ""Lapo-Lapo"", a tall grass which grew everywhere in the area. In the year 1772, Don Tomas Aquino, the first local leader, initiated the organization of the scattered communities into one, calling the place ""Lapog"", a derivative of local vernacular ""Lap-Lapog"" which means unirrigated land. For 189 years, ""Lapog"" remained in the records as the official name of the town until June 18, 1961, Republic Act No. 3386 was enacted and it was renamed to San Juan. Since most of the inhabitants were of the belief that religious names bring peace, happiness, and prosperity, the town was renamed ""San Juan"", after the name of its patron saint, Saint John the Baptist.


In the United States, the single debuted at number 54 on the very first "Billboard" Hot 100, on 4 August 1958, and the next week it climbed at number two, marking the biggest jump to the runner-up spot in the chart's history. On 18 August 1958, it topped the Hot 100, becoming the second song to reach the top spot on the chart, after Ricky Nelson's "Poor Little Fool". The song later completed a run of five non-consecutive weeks at the top of the chart, selling 2 million copies in the United States during 1958 and becoming "Billboard"'s Song of the Year. "Nel blu dipinto di blu" was the first non American, Canadian or British single to achieve this honor in the rock era, and it was the only one until 1994's "The Sign" by Swedish group Ace of Base.
2012 assassination attempt.
1964: A new agriculture and rodeo arena was constructed behind Katy High School.

Barangay Poblacion West is the site where the lyrics of the Philippine National Anthem were written, and it is known as the “Home of the Philippine National Anthem”. In 1899, Jose Palma wrote his poem “Filipinas” which became the Anthem's lyrics.
Good quality rice was then consistently produced and insistently marketed to Manila and even to China. Other products such as corn, sugar cane, cotton and so forth were also demanded and consequently, distributed widely through numerous markets. Apart from agriculture, the industry of saddle-making, knapsack-making and hat-weaving as well existed. The residents, years ago, engaged themselves in tending cattles, carabaos, horses and goats and in same time, gradual increase of the number of bats compelled them to catch these blind winged-creatures. These mammals were suspected of flying through the deepest of nearby forests because of the catching that lasted until 1930.
San Manuel is politically subdivided into 15 barangays.
Give Blood is Bane's third album with songs focusing on the hardcore scene, dreams and loss. It was acclaimed for its focus, energy, and Hardcore sound.
Amulung
<doc id="2069353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2069353" title="Party for National Unity and Solidarity">
Rwanda.
Since June 2005, School no. 114 in Bucharest has been named after her.
Barangays.
Jones is the home of Silvino M. Gumpal, who ably led the Province as Provincial Governor from 1946 to 1951 and who represented Isabela in Congress from 1934 to 1935.

In 1873 Congress appropriated a further $75,000 and the lighthouse was completed at an additional expenditure of $175,048.09 between 1873 and 1878. The total cost of the lighthouse was $278,716.33.
The story takes place on Clamp Campus where a series of paranormal events are occurring. Misadventures and solutions occur as five students act as investigators of the supernatural incidents.
The Colorado River Aqueduct, or CRA, is a water conveyance in Southern California in the United States, operated by the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California (MWD). The aqueduct impounds water from the Colorado River at Lake Havasu on the California–Arizona border. This water is then transferred west by pumping stations, reservoirs, and canals across the Mojave and Colorado deserts to the east side of the Santa Ana Mountains. It is one of the primary sources of drinking water for Southern California.
Speier is concerned for the protection of the environment and wants to preserve the health of this planet. She lists as evidence the decline of salmon on the West Coast as proof of global warming. Speier believes global warming poses a growing danger and negatively affects the environment. When she spoke to the House on the subject of global warming and the environment, she expressed a desire “to craft a bipartisan and commonsense energy plan that makes polluters pay, provides for middle-class energy tax credits, and creates a new industry and lots of good, clean, green jobs”. Jackie Speier is working to improve energy legislation with the Clean Air Rebate Act of 2009, the Home Star Act and the American Clean Energy and Security Act.
An example of chaotic behavior is obtained for "γ" = 0.87 and "α" = 1.1 with initial conditions of (−1, 0, 0.5). The correlation dimension was found to be 2.19 ± 0.01. The Lyapunov exponents, "λ" are approximately 0.1981, 0, −0.6581 and the Kaplan–Yorke dimension, "D"KY ≈ 2.3010
Census data of 2000 reports that the literacy rate of Balindong stands at 86.02% while the Province’ literacy rate was at 80.12%. There are seven (7) elementary schools and two (2) secondary schools in Balindong which caters to the education needs of its population.
Tagoloan is a fourth class municipality in the province of Lanao del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 9,843 people.
Kenan was born in Brooklyn, New York on March 12, 1963. Initially raised by his grandparents, Kenan soon went to live with a great-aunt in Chinquapin, North Carolina, a rural community of fewer than a thousand people. The community later became the basis of the fictional Tims Creek, where all of Kenan's fiction is set.
Aware of the presence of Halsey's carriers and other large warships near Guadalcanal, the Japanese considered canceling the third evacuation run, but decided to go ahead as planned. Kondo's force closed to within of Guadalcanal from the north to be ready in case Halsey's warships attempted to intervene. Hashimoto departed the Shortlands with 18 destroyers midday of 7 February, this time taking a course south of the Solomons instead of down the Slot. A CAF strike force of 36 aircraft attacked Hashimoto at 17:55, heavily damaging with a bomb near miss. "Isokaze" retired escorted by "Kawakaze". The Allies and the Japanese each lost one aircraft in the attack.
Personal life.
