2006 season.
"Phoebe" served exclusively in the Northwestern Sea Frontier. In July 1943 she was tactical command ship for a group of four minesweepers that cleared a defensive minefield which had been planted in 1942 to protect Shagak Bay and Bay of Islands, Adak, Alaska. By 4 August, they had exploded more than 340 mines.
Drum is a village in south County Roscommon about 5 km west of Athlone. In the area north of the village there is located the Meehambee Dolmen, a portal tomb estimated to be 5,500 years old. In the village there are a number of historical and religious sites, including Drum Cemetery, St. Brigid's Church and Drum Monastic Site. Drum Parish Hall and Drum Heritage Visitor Centre are located next to the graveyard, in the townland of Belrea.
June 14, 2006
Mixed martial arts career.
<doc id="13300865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13300865" title="List of diplomatic missions in Burma">
As the winner of the previous challenge, Maneet Chauhan was able to assign the dishes to prepare to each chef. Mary Dumont, having come in last, received a one minute penalty assessed at the beginning.
<doc id="13301762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13301762" title="Desert Gold (disambiguation)">

On 6 July 1992, the Croatian Community of Herzeg-Bosnia was formally declared as an independent state by Boban. Izetbegović previously came under intense pressure from Tuđman to agree for Bosnia and Herzegovina to be in a confederation with Croatia. Because doing so would cripple reconciliation between Bosniaks and Serbs, make the return of Bosniak refugees to eastern Bosnia impossible and for other reasons, Izetbegović opposed. Two weeks prior Boban's declaration, Izetbegović received an ultimatum from Boban warning that if he did not proclaim a confederation with Tuđman that Croatian forces would not help defend Sarajevo from strongholds as close as 25 miles away. Ironically two weeks later on 21 July 1992, Tuđman and Izetbegović signed a pact which placed the HVO under the command of Bosnian Territorial Defence Forces.
Born in Loro in the Valdarno. He was a pupil of Ridolfo Ghirlandaio. The artist Vasari took note of his abilities. He painted several pictures for the churches of Florence, especially for Santa Maria Maggiore. On October 15, 1574, he was buried in San Pancrazio. Carlo’s talent was inherited from his mother, Veronica Portelli, an extremely talented yet relatively unknown artist of the early 15th century.
Alpine Dam (national ID number: CA00204) is a gravity dam which was completed in 1917. It is long and high, with of freeboard.

St. George Orthodox Church is the biggest church in Chungathara, Kerala, India. It was built by the Kuntharayil family before 1960.

A minor

Nothomb
Ignacio (formerly Pacheco) is an unincorporated community in Marin County, California. It is located southeast of downtown Novato, at an elevation of 30 feet (9 m).
Lüdi also competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, finishing ninth in the four-man event and 11th in the two-man event.
Portland Basin water wheel.
In October 2011, the series returned as "Best Dish: The Chefs" with a new logo and slicker look with professional chefs competing instead of amateurs. It still concentrates on recipes from around the regions of the UK with short clips showing the restaurants where the competitors work as professional chefs.
Amesdorf
Post-war deactivation.
Rosana dos Santos Augusto
<doc id="13309723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13309723" title="William Barefoot">
The Nizamabad – Visakhapatnam Express (Presently Nanded-Visakhapatnam Express) is an Express Train service connecting the cities of Nanded, Maharashtra and Visakhapatnam in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is jointly operated by the South Central Railway and East Coast Railway zones of the Indian Railways.This is a non-daily service which runs on Thursdays and Sundays.
<doc id="13310755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13310755" title="Ashley Hartog">
Karl Fuchs founded the Kazan Zoo in 1806, as well as the Botanical Museum in Kazan.
<br>
Cansahcab Municipality
Second Marriage.
Career.
John Livingston Eaton (born May 29, 1934 in Washington, D.C.) is a musician, historian, educator and interpreter of jazz and American popular music. He graduated from Yale University, where he was a member of literary society St. Anthony Hall. Named to the Steinway Concert Artist roster in 1988, Eaton has performed as headliner in the East Room of the White House, and both as soloist and with artists as Zoot Sims, Benny Carter, Clark Terry, and Wild Bill Davison. He has been a featured player at the Kool Jazz Festival and the Smithsonian Institution Performing Arts Jazz series, broadcast nationally on National Public Radio and Radio Smithsonian. He graduated from Yale University in 1956.
Pool 1 positions
<doc id="13314138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13314138" title="German Party (Yugoslavia)">

The Third was present during the siege of Suffolk, after which it was ordered to Folly Island, where it took an active part in the operations against Fort Wagner, the bombardment of Fort Sumter and attacks on Charleston in the summer and autumn of 1863, as part of Alford's brigade of the 18th Corps. In October 1863, it was returned to Virginia, where it was active in the advance under General Butler in May 1864, losing 5 killed, 50 wounded and 7 missing. 


His mother was Matilda, daughter of Rev. William Marsh. He was educated at King's College London, and Trinity College, Oxford.
The partwork was hugely popular, debuting on newsstands the same year as British TV series "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World" was first broadcast. Articles from the magazine were later published in book form during the late 1980s by various publishers, including Black Cat, Caxton and St. Michael's books. Titles included: "When the Impossible Happens" (1984) and "Out of this World: Mysteries of Mind, Space, & Time" (1989).
Many financial services advisors and companies offer to collect frozen pensions so as to amalgamate them and bring them under one paying agency.
The design was influenced by the French heavy cavalry sword of the Napoleonic Wars as well as French cavalry doctrine that emphasized the use of the point over the edge. 
Books.
Peephole

<doc id="13319676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13319676" title="David di Donatello for Best Cinematography">
Football.
Other work.
In the 2006 federal election Murray was the Liberal Party candidate in the riding of New Westminster—Coquitlam. She placed third in the riding behind New Democrat Dawn Black and Conservative incumbent Paul Forseth. In 2007, she defeated two other women to become the Liberal candidate in the riding of Vancouver Quadra. Murray had lived in the riding when at Lord Byng Secondary School but added to her credentials by purchasing a $1.4 million home in the riding before winning the nomination. Stephen Owen, the incumbent Liberal MP in the riding, resigned in July 2007. In a March 2008 by-election Murray narrowly defeated her main competitor, Conservative candidate Deborah Meredith. Murray was re-elected in 2008 and 2011.
Schools of study.
Delisting.
Juicy Fruit (album)
<doc id="13323469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13323469" title="Werningshausen">
Coalition of the Gulf War
<doc id="13324470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13324470" title="John Norreys (Keeper of the Wardrobe)">
Deering opposed the appointment of a defense attorney during his arraignment before Judge Herbert M. Schiller on August 11, 1938. His murder trial commenced on September 19 at the Third District Court under Judge Schiller while initially represented by attorney Edgar C. Jensen. Deering admitted his regret for shooting and killing Meredith to steal his automobile. He asked to be executed "without all the red tape and rigamarole of courts." The trial was marked by an outburst from Deering against the court for entering a mandatory plea of not guilty on his behalf. At one point, Deering was restrained by handcuffs after violently protesting the need to call the elderly widow of Meredith as a witness, despite his confessions. Judge Schiller noted Deering's "most extraordinary attitude" in refusing counsel and seeking his "constitutional right" to plead guilty to face the death penalty. The jury delivered a guilty verdict on September 21 after only an hour of deliberation; Deering thanked them and said, "you've done your duty."
The scientific project of the LIG is "ambient and sustainable IT". The goal is to leverage the complementary nature and recognised quality of the 23 research teams of the LIG to contribute to fundamental aspects of the discipline (modelling, languages, methods, algorithms) and to create a synergy between the conceptual, technological and societal challenges that surround this theme.
Cramer died August 2, 1906, in San Francisco, due to injuries received in the great San Francisco earthquake.
For Nõmme Kalju, Mitt scored an impressive 35 goals in the 2006 season (second top scorer). In 2007 season, Mitt was the league top scorer and helped Kalju to Meistriliiga.

The Journal of the Royal Statistical Society is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of statistics. It comprises three series and is published by Blackwell Publishing for the Royal Statistical Society.
"See Women's international rugby for information about the status of international games and match numbering"
It is believed that Kōshin belief had arrived in Japan at the latest by the Heian period, and was adopted only by the aristocracy in the beginning. The most ancient custom is that of staying awake one special night every sixty days. It is called "Kōshin-Machi" (庚申待 - Kōshin Waiting). During the early years this custom became a kind of overnight festivity or party.
Miriam Zach is a University of Florida professor and musicologist residing in Gainesville, Florida known for her work in the study of women composers. Zach's published works in the area of female composers include a CD titled "Hidden Treasures: 300 Years of Organ Music by Women Composers" which was released in 1998 and the textbook "For the Birds: Women Composers Music History Speller", and her collections of music and documentation about women composers formed the base of the International Women Composers' Library, a music history library of which Dr. Zach is the current director.
