Muswellbrook Shire is a local government area in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. The Shire is situated adjacent to the New England Highway and the Hunter railway line.
The feudal system bound farmers to inherited pieces of land and subjected them to the absolute control of their landlord. The landlord was obligated to provide protection, in exchange for the serfs’ labor and goods. The Serfdom Patent, issued by the enlightened absolutist Emperor Joseph II diminished the long-established mastery of the landlord; thus allowing the serf to independently choose marriage partners, pursue career choices, and move between estates. 
<doc id="7803339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7803339" title="Reľov">
1995 was another huge year for Tyrone. Having defeated Fermanagh in the first round, Tyrone faced 1993 All-Ireland winners, Derry in the Ulster Semi-final. Despite going 0–8 to 0–5 down by half time and having two players sent off, Tyrone rode through the scorching heat and emerged as winners by a point. The match will probably be remembered by outsiders because of the many ugly incidents of fighting between the teams – including a ten-man brawl on the pitch, and Pascal Canavan twice elbowing and twice punching a Derry player, which got him sent off.
Marcel Langiller (born in Charenton-le-Pont, Val-de-Marne, 2 June 1908 – died 28 December 1980) was a French footballer. He played in a striker role, and was nicknamed "La Caille".
Navanatha Siddheshwara Temple, is located on black rock hillock which stretches adjacent to entire old town of Armoor. The local people believe that Navanathas or Siddhas, venerable sages, still live in the natural caves and caverns of these hillocks. Hence giving it the name Siddhula Gutta. In fact, the name Armoor also originates from the same Navanatha Siddheshwara temple. Aaru (6) + Mooru (moodu in Telugu means 3) is Nava (9). The shrine is also a beautiful place to visit for a days picnic by families and friends. The shrine had only steep stairs which posed difficulty especially for the elderly people to climb, hence declining the tourism. Hence a ghat road was laid on this hill to reach the shrine with ease and thereby boosting tourism with the initiative of the then Sarpanch, Ramchandra Hande.
The Thun language or Thun lingo is a style of East Coast hip hop slang popularized in the mid-1990s by rappers such as Queensbridge's Mobb Deep, Tragedy Khadafi, Capone-N-Noreaga, Nas and AZ, and to a lesser extent Raekwon and Ghostface Killah of the Wu-Tang Clan. While much of the slang had already been introduced by this point, the term "Thunn language" was first recorded in Mobb Deep's 1999 single "Quiet Storm", in which Prodigy raps: "you's a dick blower, tryin' to speak the Thunn Language?/ "what's the drilly" with that though? "It aint bangin"/ you hooked on Mobb phonics, Infamous 'bonics."
Rath Kotwali Circle consists 5 police chowki
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 899 students and 60.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.88:1. There were 83 students (9.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 40 (4.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens for the Last Nizam, after most important princely rulers in British India were inducted into Chamber of Princes in 1919, and were to attend the Chambers meetings in Delhi. It was the largest and most expensive palace at that time. It was constructed by Babukhan Properties.

It is known as a ski resort.
The Washburn University School of Law, commonly referred to as Washburn Law, is a public law school located on the main campus of Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas. Washburn Law was founded in 1903.
Death.
There is no direct railroad from Shu to Bishkek serviced by Kazakhstani trains. This means that every day a large number of passengers travelling from Astana to Bishkek for example arrive in Shu by train and transfer to minivans and taxis to continue into Kyrgyzstan. Though it is possible to travel through Shu and on to Bishkek on Kyrgyz trains, it is much longer than transferring to a minivans for the 1.5 hour ride from Shu to Bishkek rather than the 5 to 6 hour train option.
Dakin, a former John Kerry campaign worker, set up a website called Stoppoliticalcalls.org and claimed to allow citizens to opt-out of receiving robocalls. However, there is no guarantee that the registry will stop the calls and since there is no law that supports the database it is essentially an Internet petition. As mentioned above, the Robocall Privacy Act failed to become law and neither bill had provisions for a 'do not call registry' for stopping robocalls.

