Scherya is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae. 
Ren Jiyu (; born April 15, 1916 - died July 11, 2009) in Pingyuan County, Shandong Province was a philosopher, scholar in religious studies, historian, member of the Chinese Communist Party, and honorary director of the National Library of China. He died at 4:30 on July 11, 2009 in Beijing, at the age of 93.
Off-ship fire-fighting.
Other appearances.
Facts.
Born in St. John's, Newfoundland, Kent was educated at Bishop Feild College in St. John's. From June 1935 to April 1938, he was a magistrate in the community of St. George's. From May 1942 to April 1945 he was Deputy Secretary of Justice for St. John's.


The Civilians is an investigative theatre company in New York City founded in 2001 by Artistic Director Steve Cosson. The Civilians artists pursue their inquiries using interviews, community residencies, research, and other methods. Working with a combination of journalism and art, The Civilians creates theatrical events that seek to promote an inquisitions of current issues. The company has createdseven original plays. According to "Variety Magazine", The Civilians "travels far and wide researching a piece around a given subject, conducting interviews and comparing notes along the way, sometimes for years."
Master Shake.

In the rest of 2009, "Formosa Betrayed" screened at the 8th Annual San Diego Film Festival where the film won "Best Film" and "Best Actor" for James Van Der Beek's work in the film. The film was also screened at 10th Annual DC Asian Pacific American Film Festival, the 13th Annual Hollywood Film Festival, the 33rd Annual Sao Paulo Film Festival, the 18th Annual St. Louis International Film Festival, and was featured as the centerpiece presentation at the 2nd Annual Philadelphia Asian American Film Festival where it was honored with the festival's "Audience Award".
Group stage.
In addition to these awards, SACO have been awarded the "Best Property Provider" at Re:locate Awards two years running and are featured in The Sunday Times 100 Best Small Companies to Work For supplement.
