Reference to Book published on Ali Jawad Zaidi [http://clio.cul.columbia.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?Search_Arg=Ali+Javad+Zaidi&Search_Code=TALL&PID=ktUsR5D7RuHtgtEpf8SItQlC8CCi&SEQ=20071205081030&CNT=50&HIST=1]
Summary of the 14 March 2004 Congress of Deputies election results in Granada.
Wendi Michelle Scott
This film was followed by other films with similar themes from Bhatt's personal life, including "Naam" (1986), "Zakhm" (1998) and "Woh Lamhe" (2006), films for which he provided the story.
The Myth of Skanderbeg is one of the main constitutive myths of Albanian nationalism. Albanian nationalist writers transformed Skanderbeg's figure and deeds into a mixture of historical facts, truths, half-truths, inventions, and folklore. The Myth of Skanderbeg is the only myth of Albanian nationalism that is based on a person; the other myths are based on ideas, abstract concepts, and collectivism. There are two different Skanderbegs today: the historic Skanderbeg, and a mythic national hero as presented in Albanian schools and nationalist intellectuals in Tirana and Pristina.
In the Meiji period, the Toda family of Ōgaki received the rank of viscount (伯爵 "hakushaku") in the new "kazoku" nobility.
Source:
Penny from Heaven (2006) is a children's novel that was named a Newbery Honor book in 2007. It was written by Jennifer L. Holm, the author of another Newbery Honor book, "Our Only May Amelia" and first published by Random House. 
Both students and physical education teachers work in good conditions and have modern sports facilities and halls at their disposal. All sports facilities are spacious and fully equipped, allowing for up-to-date physical education, including climbing walls, training rooms, and numerous basketball and volleyball courts. Apart from the obligatory physical education lessons, all students can freely participate in sport activities after school.
Pilar Dunoff is the daughter of Principal Marcel Dunoff, the headmaster of Elite Way School. Her mother, Claudia, is also the professor of English language in Elite Way School. Because of that, she is disliked by most of the students. At the beginning of the series she used to write a newspaper anonymously, filled with gossip about her classmates (Marizza reveals that at the end of the first season, but she promises Pilar that she won't tell anyone). Guido also suspected her to be the writer of the newspaper, but he could never prove it. At the beginning, she also wrote secret letters to Tomás, but later Guido found out that Pilar was Tomás' secret admirer. At one moment, she was so desperate and lonely that she almost shot at Marizza and Mía's birthday party. Fortunately, Mansilla stopped her.
In the tenth episode the Shiranui Clan is destroyed but their place is taken by the skull-symboled keffiyeh-clad "Phantom Militia" (A/K/A the "Phantom Opposition Party") who also use giant robots to enact their revolution against the Japanese government, although rather than being humanoid in shape theirs take the form of dinosaur-like "kaiju". 

As of 2012, three rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Snagit Editor.


He appeared in the Patrick Hamilton play "Rope" (2005) at the off-Braodway theater The Zipper, New York, New York.
Bilal Hussein case.
