Throughout its track, Tingting was responsible for 12 fatalities, 10 in the Mariana Islands and two in Japan; it also left $23.7 million in damage behind, $17.2 million in the Mariana Islands and $6.5 million in Japan.
<doc id="21188633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21188633" title="Sam Neill">
The channel launched on October 1, 2005 i the Baltics, Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan & other CIS states, broadcasting from both the Viasat platform in the Baltics and cable systems in the region. It was the fifth pay channel from Viasat in the region after TV1000 East, Viasat Explorer, Viasat History and Viasat Sport.
Norwich City (loan).

He was born in San Gabriel, California.
"Cicak Man".
The McLean House has meaningful value because of its association with the site of General Robert E. Lee's surrender to General Ulysses S. Grant on April 9, 1865. It also preserves the distinctive characteristics as embodying the period and method of construction typical in Piedmont Virginia in the mid-nineteenth century as well as being typical of a county government seat of that time period. It also represents a typical farming community in Virginia of the mid-nineteenth century.
Armactica conchidia is a moth of the Nolidae family. It is primarily found in Australia.
Edwards was born in Caernarfon, Gwynedd in north Wales. His father, Owen Edwards, a Presbyterian minister, emigrated to Australia for health reasons, but his wife Mary died before she could join him with the children. Edwards was then brought up by his maternal grandparents in Dolgellau, and was educated at the county school there before studying at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. He graduated with a BA degree in 1903, and later studied at Jesus College, Oxford (graduating from there in 1908). He had begun preaching at an early age and was ordained in 1909, serving firstly at Zion chapel in Carmarthen. Between 1911 and 1917, he was minister at a chapel in Oswestry; he also worked in chapels in Chester (1917 to 1923) and Bangor (1923 to 1928). Edwards was then appointed professor at Bala College in 1929, before becoming Principal of the Aberystwyth Theological College in 1939. After retiring in 1949, he moved back to Oswestry. In 1957, he was Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Wales. He died on 5 October 1963 and was buried in Llanycil, Gwynedd.
The 50th Indian Parachute Brigade had suffered 652 casualties. The Japanese reported capturing 100 prisoners, most of whom were wounded. The Japanese also captured plenty of air-dropped supplies which had missed the defenders at Sangshak, and other equipment including heavy weapons, vehicles and wirelesses.
<doc id="21192842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21192842" title="Croatian Party of Rights (disambiguation)">
Lisa Warenski
Amudarya State Nature Reserve

ERGEG facilitates consultation, coordination and cooperation of national energy regulators contributing to a consistent application, in all Member States, of EU energy legislation.
<doc id="21194610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21194610" title="Trichophaea">
Dunham Hill
The Roman Catholic Church considers that the differences between Eastern and Western theology are complementary rather than contradictory, as stated in the Decree "Unitatis redintegratio" of the Second Vatican Council, which declared:
Kargoth formerly lived at Castle Fharlanst, located on the Aerdi coast between Winetha and Roland, until it was destroyed by the Knight Protectors of the Great Kingdom in 247 CY. Kargoth's betrayal is regarded by many as the beginning of the end of the Knight Protectors. Kargoth's famous sword, "Gorgorin the Shatterer", was lost when he battled the legendary Hainard of the Whiteguard.

I-n-Azaoua
Meanwhile Fashion was also cutting Lovers Rock hits with Michael Gordon and Nerious Joseph, often coming out on another imprint, Fine Style. Two female acts were recruited, Winsome and Shako Lee (Janet Lee Davis). Winsome's "Am I The Same Girl", "Born Free" and "Super Woman" (with Tippa Irie) proved themselves classics of their type. Fashion also continued to work with a variety of Jamaican acts, including Junior Delgado, Joseph Cotton ('No Touch The Style'), Leroy Gibbons, Frankie Paul, Glen Brown and Augustus Pablo.
Early years.
The storyline of Strike Fighters is set during a fictional conflict between the Kingdom of Dhimar and the Empire of Paran. The story begins in 1919, when geologists discover oil in the Valley of Kerman, a place at the Dhimari-Parani border. When drilling operations begin in the oil fields, Shah Mushani of Paran sends his troops across the border, beginning a long conflict between the nations.
São Jorge de Arroios (Lisbon)
In addition, the RARC also provides training opportunities to graduate students, and contributes to body of research regarding adults with learning disorders. To date, staff at the RARC have produced a number of seminal research papers. Dr. Allyson G. Harrison, the Clinical Director of the Centre, has written a number of often-cited papers, including one on best practices for assessment and diagnosis of learning disabilities, which was one of the 50 most frequently read articles in the Canadian Journal of School Psychology [http://cjs.sagepub.com/reports/mfr1.dtl]. Other published research includes an evaluation of the quality of disability documentation provided to Disability Services Offices by students, investigations regarding better methods of determining overall intelligence in persons with Dyslexia, and the effects of mild traumatic brain injury on speed of information processing.
Access.

Growth in power of the see of Constantinople.
