After the Second World War the firm expanded to Plymouth and Exeter to carry out a wide variety of architectural work. Nearly 50 War Cemeteries were designed for the Commonwealth War Graves Commission in Greece and Italy. Later the practice’s buildings included a number of important buildings, such as the Wellcome Foundation, The Leathersellers Company, (a reconstruction in 1948 after wartime bombing), the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in Regent's Park and the International Wool Secretariat in Carlton Terrace, London. He also designed the Hobbs' Gates at The Oval cricket ground, in memory of Sir Jack Hobbs, the noted Surrey and England player, and a statue of George VI.
Upon returning to Italy in August of the same year, 18° "Gruppo" was re-equipped with Fiat G.50. By the time they were moved to Greece, the 18° had shifted to Macchi C.200 "Saetta". But here the unit never encountered any enemy planes.

The PROTON Ontology (PROTo ONtology) is a basic upper-level ontology that contains about 300 classes and 100 properties, providing coverage of the general concepts necessary for a wide range of tasks, including semantic annotation, indexing, and retrieval of documents.
In the introduction to the 1551 first edition of "Romances nueuamente sacados de historias antiguas de la crónica de España", Sepúlveda makes clear his intention: to introduce a true history of Spain, based on official chronicles, to a popular audience by using the form of the romance. He hoped that his verses would supplant the traditional legends which, he declared, were "exceedingly mendacious, and of very little value". His source was the "Crónica general", a compilation of medieval chronicles initially commissioned by Alfonso X (Alfonso the Wise) in 1264; Florián de Ocampo had published a new edition in 1541. Ironically, though Sepúlveda was unaware of it, many of the most dramatic episodes in the chronicles were themselves prose adaptations of popular romances. The "Romances" contains multiple narratives about Alfonso X, El Cid, and other historical figures, as well as a few love stories, biblical tales, and allegories. Some of the themes that influenced Sepúlveda in his choice of material were the relationship between king and vassals, and the interactions between Christians and Moors, generally portrayed in a positive light because of an increase in interest in Moorish culture and literature in the 16th century.

The Satapadi ceremony concludes with a prayer that the union is indissoluble. At the end of this ceremony, the groom and the bride become husband and wife.
Greenhill is an inner-urban district of Swansea, Wales, lying immediately north of the city centre around the junction of the A483, A4118 and B4489 roads. It forms part of the city's Castle ward. 
National team.
