Spiders, unlike insects, have only two tagmata instead of three: a fused head and thorax (called a cephalothorax or prosoma) and an abdomen (also called the opisthosoma). The exception to this rule are the assassin spiders, whose cephalothorax is divided into two parts by an elongated "neck". Except for a few species of very primitive spiders (family Liphistiidae, also called "segmented spiders"), the abdomen is not externally segmented. The abdomen and cephalothorax are connected with a thin waist called the pedicle or the "pregenital somite", a trait that allows the spider to move the abdomen in all directions. This waist is actually the last segment (somite) of the cephalothorax and is lost in most other members of the Arachnida (in scorpions it is only detectable in the embryos). Unlike insects, spiders have an endoskeleton in addition to their exoskeleton.
Musical style.
Michael Gaydos is an American comics artist.

La Pobla de Claramunt
Catalonia, Spain. It is situated at the confluence of the Llobregat river and the Cardener river. 
During academic service the earliest route begins at 4:30 am and the last route ends at 1:02 am (2:12 am on Friday and Saturday nights for SafeRide)
Biography.
In 2005 it was announced that the reactor is to be converted from using High Enriched uranium to Low Enriched uranium as fuel.
"Onward" is a song performed by the British band Yes. It is the seventh track on their ninth studio album, "Tormato". The writing credit goes to bassist Chris Squire, and it is the only song on the album for which singer Jon Anderson gets no writing credit.
Kinder Downfall is the tallest waterfall in the Peak District, with a fall. The waterfall was formerly known as "Kinder Scut", and it is from this that the plateau derives its name. Although usually little more than a trickle in summer, in spate conditions it is impressive. In certain wind conditions (notably when there is a strong west wind), the water is blown back on itself, and the resulting cloud of spray can be seen from several miles away. The Pennine Way crosses the River Kinder above Kinder Downfall.
Blessed Maria Torribia (d. 1175) was a Spanish peasant woman who is believed to have married Saint Isidore. She herself was eventually beatified by the Roman Catholic Church, and is known in Spain as Santa María de la Cabeza (in English, "Saint Mary of the Head").

His fellow contestant Gill Buley, with the support of Gabrielle Hennig and Richard Carpenter, started a charity, Come Dine For Spencer, to raise money for the hospital that treated him, Basingstoke and North Hampshire Hospital.
On May 13, 2013, Tiffin Calvert announced that they would join the TAAC right after the Midland Athletic League disbanded in the spring of 2014. 
