In 1971, Cross co-organised the first major conference of the Design Research Society (DRS), on Design Participation. He continued to play significant roles in DRS, and since 2006 has been its President.
Reception.
Ministry of Health (Sri Lanka)
Satyanarayan Singh was also associated with Hindustan Socialist Republican Army and the Revolutionary Socialist Party (India). Both pre and post Indian Independence, owing to his political activities and affiliation, he was imprisonment on various occasions. Singh also had to remain underground for a considerable time.

To Division 1.
The years in Linz were a very successful time for Paul. Apart from teaching and research, Paul's managing qualities were appreciated and asked for. Paul's equilibrated and confidence-inspiring personality contributed to the fact that Paul became a Senator at the University as early as 1972. In 1973 he was elected Dean of the newly established Faculty of natural and technical sciences, and in 1974 there came the election to the office of the Rector of the university for three years until 1977. In 1985, he was again elected Dean for two years.
Story.
Match officials.
Biography.

After his studies, Sullivan clerked for Second Circuit Court of Appeals judge Guido Calabresi and U.S. Supreme Court justice Stephen Breyer. After the clerkships, Sullivan practiced at Faegre & Benson and taught law as an adjunct professor at the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis. Later he was chief counsel to Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar.
Uses.
The table below shows results of Audi Sport in World Rally Championship.

To be phenomenal is to occur observably.
Group Stage.
Development was rushed and there were many defects in the "LT vz. 35"s. Many tanks had to be returned to the factories to be repaired. Curiously most of these repairs involved the electrical system, not the complicated pneumatic system.
<doc id="41456498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41456498" title="Apigility">
The interior of the temple are constructed with brickwork stone, while in some areas there are vestiges of plastered and white-painted walls, parallel pavement stone and stone aisles.
<doc id="41457383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41457383" title="Coat of arms of Novosibirsk">
Bambao
The "Twardy" was armed with the same 125 mm smoothbore gun 2A46 used in the T-72, fitted with an automatic reloading mechanism which reduced the tank crew by one as it replaced the gun loader, and gave a rate of fire of 8 to 10 rounds per minute.The modernization of the fire control system started by replacing the earlier used Soviet two plane stabilizer 2Є28M with a new stabilizer developed in Slovakia. It incorporated an electronic information block showing the tank's technical condition and informs the commander when effective sighted fire becomes ineffective because of an excessively high cross-country speed or other reasons.
5. Amrutanubhav – Jyotsna Tika (1996)
Receiving strangers, travelers or visitors is the work of the Mwato wa Mwene. He takes the traveler to the Chiefs palace. When they arrive at the palace the Mwato performs what is called either kulamba or kukumbuka. It is a traditional way of approaching the Chief respectfully. It is a praise performance before the Chief. It is important that when choosing a Mwato he has to have a good memory because he needs to recite the words of praise precisely. At the Chiefs palace the Mwato speaks in the language of respect to the Chief. He does this accompanied by the traveler. He says the following verse:
<doc id="41459392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41459392" title="Schochet (surname)">
