2. Kolathur<br>
The song is an up-tempo number, with the group singing about - and to - a middle-class woman who is identified only as "Mrs. Thompson". She is described as working very hard for a boss who "believes in overtime" and having a predictable weekly routine. She has a "dream" throughout the song, in which she is urged to take control of her own life. The group then introduces her as an "everyday hero", suggesting that her monotonous life is more valuable than it might appear.
Before the performance on December 31, DJ Ozma announced he would be on the TBS show "CDTV Special", putting on the same performance he would be performing on Kōhaku. It is unknown whether or not TBS received complaints about the up-coming performance.
Majnoon Island is an island in southern Iraq near Al-Qurnah that is a center for oil production of the Majnoon Oilfield. The area was built out of sand dunes and mud to create pathways for oil pipelines.
Brahmasuutras are recited with an 'OM' at the beginning and the end. 
He also announced compensation payments of Rs. 1,000,000 (approx. €17,500 or US$22,750) for the next-of-kin of each of the deceased and Rs. 50,000 for those injured.
Edendale was also a railway junction for almost eighty years. On 2 October 1882, a branch line from the South Island Main Trunk, the Wyndham Branch, was opened from Edendale to Wyndham on the opposite side of the Mataura River. On 1 May 1890, this line was extended to Glenham. Traffic was light from the beginning, with the extension to Glenham closed on 14 July 1930 and passenger services to Edendale - originally provided by mixed trains and then by RM class Model T Ford railcars - were cancelled on 9 February 1931. By the late 1950s, the line to Wyndham was essentially just an extension of the Edendale railway yard and insufficient quantities of freight meant that the line was closed just weeks before its eightieth anniversary and Edendale ceased to be a railway junction on 9 September 1962.
Al-Harb was born in Kuwait 1887 in the Sharq area (Arabic: منطقة شرق). He grew up in his grandfather's house, and he worked with his uncles as a sailor then as a "Nokhitha" (Arabic: نوخذة). Al-Harb worked in trade and traveled to India, Yemen and the East coast of Africa.
Born Isabelle Marie Françoise Corr in either Dublin or Brussels, she studied art as a child. In the 1830s she studied with François-Joseph Navez. As well as portraiture, she painted religious and historical scenes such as "Our Lady Appearing to the Oppressed" which hangs in the Church of the Holy Family in Schaerbeek. She married successful sculptor Guillaume Geefs in 1836.
Wilhelm Dachauer was initially influenced by the art of the Secession and later developed a form of realism that was strongly dedicated to rural and regional arts. This style fitted well to the "official" taste of the Ständestaat and the NS regime, so his opus became somewhat disreputable after 1945.

On 27 October 2011 three clocks of Ghanta Ghar were repaired and started again showing time of PST which is +5GMT. This effort was done by a watch company Rado. The machinery and needles of the clocks were changed while the clock's main dial was unchanged. It runs by solar energy. The clock had stopped working in 1985.<br>
The stones for the renovation of Sri Padmanabha swamy temple was mined from Kulashekharam, which is in Vattiyoorkavu. The Chamundi Temple at Thozhuvancode, Sree krishna temple(kanjirampara),vimalahruthaya church, Sastha Temple, Devi temple at Puthoorkonam,saraswaathy temple (arappura) St.Peter's & St.Paul's Orthodox Syrian Church, and Juma Masjid are the old places of worship here. The mosque of Juma Masjid was built by the successors of the Muslim Cavalry soldiers of the Nair Brigade of Travancore, who had settled in Sasthamangalam and Vattiyoorkavu.

Logan Airport was also shut down from 2 p.m. March 31 to 10 p.m. April 1. On April 3, despite a clear blue sky and temperatures in the 50s, travelers were still stranded at Logan Airport.
Extra features.
Burton was also a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, Kansas City Chiefs, St. Louis Rams, Carolina Panthers, Florida Tuskers, Sacramento Mountain Lions and Virginia Destroyers.
The cinema posters for the film stated "Sean Connery IS James Bond", in order to distance the Eon-produced picture from the independent "Casino Royale", which had been released two months earlier. However, during the production, Connery announced that it would be his last film as Bond, leaving Broccoli to tell Alan Whicker, "it won't be the last Bond under any circumstances—with all due respect to Sean, who I think has been certainly the best man to play this part. We will, in our own way, try to continue the Bond series for the audience because it's too important".
Morris was born in England on 28 January 1727, the third son of Roger Morris of Netherby, in the North Riding of Yorkshire, by his first wife, the fourth daughter of Sir Peter Jackson
On Andrew Bird's album, "Music of Hair", the song "Minor Beatrice" borrows directly from Ravel's piece.
<doc id="9594709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9594709" title="Florida State Road 43">


