<doc id="26876995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26876995" title="Phichit Stadium">
British Airways and Iberia signed a preliminary merger agreement in November 2009. In April 2010, British Airways and Iberia signed a full merger agreement, with an intended completion date of late 2010, subject to securing the necessary regulatory approvals. The merger between British Airways and Iberia was completed on 21 January 2011, and shares in IAG began trading in London and Madrid on 24 January.
Romer LJ held that if Mr Arthur Butt wished to see the company documents, made a proper case for it, and was not met by any objection of other beneficiaries, he should be allowed. This was so, not because directors could be compelled "qua" directors, but because it would avoid them being compelled to use their voting power, which they held on trust, to make them do so.
Ludlow High School is the public high school of Ludlow, Massachusetts, United States, located at 500 Chapin Street. It is next to Ludlow Town Hall. The high school is the only public high school in the town and services all of its residents. Ludlow high school normally scores close to the state average on standardized tests such as Massachusetts' MCAS and the SAT Reasoning Test.
The species is suggested by the authors to be a good candidate for being the transitional species between the southern African ape-man "Australopithecus africanus" (the Taung Child, Mrs. Ples) and either "Homo habilis" or even a direct ancestor of "Homo erectus" (Turkana boy, Java man, Peking man). The species has long arms, like an ape, short powerful hands, a very advanced pelvis and long legs capable of striding and possibly running like a human. 
<doc id="26879310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26879310" title="Karakulino">
He married his cousin, "Louise" Gabrielle Julie de Rohan (1704–1741) and the couple had seven children including the next Duke of Montbazon. His wife’s parents were Hercule Mériadec de Rohan, Prince of Soubise and Anne Geneviève de Lévis.
Origin.
Memela

<doc id="26883222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26883222" title="Bryan Buckley">

Subulicystidium is a genus of corticioid fungi in the Hydnodontaceae family. The genus has a widespread distribution, and contains seven species.
Čupić was born in Sivac in 1947, where he completed the primary school. He completed Sombor gymnasium and studied at the Faculty of Political Sciences in Belgrade, where he received MA and PhD degrees. After graduation, he worked at Radio Belgrade, which he left in protest in 1992, as a sign of solidarity with colleagues who got sacked for political reasons. Čupić participated in opposition groups against policy of Slobodan Milošević, and he was particularly active in the Belgrade student protests 1996–97. In 1999, he joined the Otpor! movement and became a member of its council.
The church organ was installed in 1912 with half of the money donated by Andrew Carnegie (a Scottish-American industrialist, businessman, entrepreneur and a major philanthropist). His conditions for donating the money were simple. Once the congregation had raised half of the £900 required, he would donate the rest.
Formats and track listings.
1. "L'air De La Louisiane"(Jesse Winchester) 3:05

Erginus Galkini is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.
