The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In the episode, Mulder is trapped in a car by a seemingly deranged man, and Scully races to determine if the man is suffering from a deadly illness—and if Mulder is in danger of becoming the next victim of some sort of government conspiracy.
"Sunday": 10:15am - Hours and Divine Liturgy
In 2009 WVTW was retasked by Virginia Tech Foundation to broadcast the Radio IQ program stream. Also around that time, Virginia Tech Foundation entered the religious broadcasting scene by placing the programming of Liberty University's WRVL on the WVTW HD-3 channel. WRVL was founded by the now-deceased Jerry Falwell and programs Contemporary Christian Music.
Leith, Tom - violin
Haggis Supper : What Happens to the Innocent?
Ed Subitzky, full name Edward Jack Subitzky (born March 19, 1943), is an American writer and artist, who is best known as a cartoonist, comics artist, and humorist/humor writer. He has also worked as a television comedy writer and performer, a writer and performer of radio comedy, and a writer of radio drama, as well as creating comedy and humor in various other media. He is a member of the Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists, and the Writers Guild of America.

The state Democratic Party's decision to choose a candidate without holding a special primary election drew widespread criticism across the state. On September 3, "The Greenville News" ran an editorial advocating that a primary election be called and several newspapers across the state followed suit. At least six county Democratic committees repudiated the action by the state committee and called for a primary election. Despite repeated calls for a primary, the state executive committee voted against holding a primary because they did not think that there was enough time before the general election to hold a primary election.
iGO primo app for iOS devices was introduced at CeBIT Hannover, 2011. Running on the iGO primo software engine, the refreshed application covers 115 countries and enhancements include location-based search, green routing and improved junction views. Android and Windows Mobile versions are also available to smartphone manufacturers and network providers.
The first "Olympia Brass Band" was active from the late 19th century to around World War I. The most famous member was Freddie Keppard.
0,1-simple lattice
List of fictional books in the works of Susanna Clarke
The Fox family of Falmouth, Cornwall, UK were very influential in the development of the town of Falmouth in the 19th century and of the Cornish Industrial Revolution. In the 18th and 19th centuries, many of them were members of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).
Born in La Paz on June 21, 1958. From early childhood he lived in the mining towns of Siglo XX and Llallagua, in northern Potosí department. There, the miserable conditions of the miners led him to identify with and join their efforts to change those conditions.

<doc id="12269594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12269594" title="American Club (Kohler, Wisconsin)">
Nano Cabrera is a singer, guitarist, and composer born in Condado, Puerto Rico, who was a member of Haciendo Punto en Otro Son, the musical group that brought popularity to typical Puerto Rican music during the last quarter century. He was a close friend of Tony Croatto, and is a cousin of golfer Ángel Cabrera.

