In fall 2007, the city of Huntsville tried to destroy the playground to increase the area for more tombes and graves. This was done over the night, the following morning the playground had been torn away and the area destroyed. But a public outcry made the plans to stop and new equipment were installed. The disturbance had no effect on the hauntings on the playground. In 2012, The Alabama Paranormal Association inspected the area of the playground and obtained Electronic Voice Phenomena recordings of children's voices, as well as, video of the swings in motion. In 2008, the Alabama Paranormal Society inspected the area of Dead Children's Playground. One of the investigators managed to capture either a female or a female child on photo.

As Vale slipped down the table, they were denied permission by the Ministry of Labour to sign USA international Willy Roy as he did not meet the two-year residential requirement. More trouble came when Bo'ness United reported the club to the Scottish Junior Football Association for an alleged breach of the rules in the transfer of Roddy Georgeson. On the pitch results continued to go against the Vale, as they found themselves in a re-election struggle by January. Vale then went on a club-record six consecutive away games without scoring a goal in a run lasting from 8 January to 9 March. In came left-back John Ritchie from Whitley Bay, though free agent Graham Barnett did not return to the club, despite protestations from supporters – the management stated that Barnett's wage demands were too great. For the clash with bottom-placed Bradford City on 12 January, Vale assembled the youngest ever Football League forward line: Alex Donald (17), Roddy Georgeson (17), Mick Cullerton (17), Paul Bannister (18), and Paul Ogden (19). Of the five forwards only Bannister had played competitively before. Bradford won 2–0. A 2–1 win over Rochdale was then followed by four straight defeats. Cummings and Morrison were judged not to have made the grade and so were released form their contracts, signing with Ayr United and Sligo Rovers respectively.
Scotomenia cetrata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.

Smith has been a vocal advocate for the civil aviation industry in Australia, having been appointed by Prime Minister Bob Hawke to be Chairman of the Board of the Civil Aviation Authority from February 1990 to February 1992. He also served as Deputy-Chairman and Chairman of the Board of the Civil Aviation Safety Authority from 1997 until his resignation in 1999.
The iPad 2 also adds the capability to support GarageBand, iMovie, and the iWork apps Pages, Keynote, and Numbers. These applications do not come with the iPad but are instead official applications from Apple sold within the App Store. On March 7, 2012, after the unveiling of the 3rd generation iPad, the firmware of the iPad 2 was upgradable to iOS 5.1 which is the most current iOS firmware. Scott Rohde, a senior Sony executive described the iPad as "a game console disguised as a device that can be appropriated in the business workplace".
Parfois started as a fashion accessory brand in 1994, opening the first store in Oporto, Portugal. Parfois has today around 280 shops in France, Spain, Portugal, Poland, Czech Republic, Romania, Latvia, Ukraine, Russia, Kazakhstan, Bulgaria, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Slovakia, Philippines, Georgia, Kosovo, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait, Jordan, Serbia, Egypt, Morocco, Ireland, Angola and Mozambique.
Site.
Puckinger See is a lake of Upper Austria.
