<doc id="5168086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5168086" title="Patrick Carr">
Beyond the main gateway, a stone bridge, built between 1337–1338, to replace two drawbridges, leads to the baileys or courtyards. It leads to the inner bailey, which was used for workshops, offices, a kitchen, and a storage area. Usually a castle's inner bailey is accessed through the outer bailey, however the opposite is the case at Scarborough.
After the fall of the Derg military regime, the Sidama people were able to widely use the local language – Sidamigna as exercised in all regions of the country. Hawassa has been serving as the capital city of SNNPR and it also served as the capital city of Sidama Zone. But recently the government of Ethiopia planned to make Hawassa a chartered city with its own administrative structure, rather than having the city serve as the capital for SNNPR and Sidama Zone. And due to this, demonstrators requested the government to consider creating a separate region for the Sidama people, rather than combining them with other ethnic groups in the SNNPR. The demonstrators came into conflict with armed government people and some were killed. Thus, there is still high tension in the zone.
<doc id="5168832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5168832" title="Matt Furniss">
Books.
From Space Oddity
Both "Excalibur" and "Explorer" were assigned to the 3rd Submarine Squadron although due to their experimental nature, they tended to operate independently, accompanied by their depot ship HMS "Kingfisher" and a fuel carrier, RFA "Spabeck". They later acted as high speed underwater targets for the Royal Navy's prototype nuclear-powered submarine .



Processes.
The Years of Rapid Growth.
This usage of the word has been criticized as homophobic. A 2006 BBC ruling by the Board of Governors over the use of the word in this context by Chris Moyles on his Radio 1 show, ""I do not want that one, it's gay,"" advises "caution on its use" for this reason:
The wording of the Vow is:
The practice matches were over 60 minutes, with the Soccer Aid match over 90 minutes.
List of Dutch exonyms for places in Germany
On March 22, 2009, Rempel was a member of Lyndon Rush's bobsleigh team that won the Canadian four-man bobsleigh championship in Whistler, British Columbia.
Wetpaint was named by "Time Magazine" as one of the 50 Best Websites of 2007.
Tactile corpuscles of Grandry
