Jurisdiction.
According to roshi Sokun Tsushimoto,
<doc id="15394286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15394286" title="Suzanne Lummis">
The Church of Scientology has a history of conflict with groups on the Internet. In 1995, attorneys for the Church of Scientology attempted to get the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology (a.r.s.) removed from Usenet. This attempt backfired and generated a significant amount of press for a.r.s. The conflict with a.r.s led the hacker group Cult of the Dead Cow to declare war on the Church of Scientology. The Church of Scientology mounted a 10-year legal campaign against Dutch writer Karin Spaink and several Internet service providers after Spaink and others posted documents alleged to be secret teachings of the organization. The Church of Scientology's efforts ended in a legal defeat in a Dutch court in 2005. This series of events is often referred to as "Scientology versus the Internet".
Risoul has a capacity of 18,600 beds in a mix of 2, 3 and 4 star apartments and chalets. SARA which is owned by SFVA runs 6,000 beds. The resort is not the most attractive but has had refurbishment program since 2003 and there are also a number of wood chalets that give a more traditional feel to the resort.
Third Prize: Stephen Wilks - UK / Germany
The QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss was a light 2.25 inch (57 mm) naval gun and coast defence gun of the late 19th century used by many countries, and was adapted for use in the early British tanks in World War I.
<doc id="15396378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15396378" title="Julius Gulama">

The bank states that Kerviel was assigned to arbitrage discrepancies between equity derivatives and cash equity prices, and "began creating the fictitious trades in late 2006 and early 2007, but that these transactions were relatively small. The fake trading increased in frequency, and in size".
The girls of St. Trinian’s hatch yet another fiendish plot — a trade union for British schoolgirls. Their friend and mentor, Flash Harry, suggests a plan which involves kidnapping girls from other rather more respectable colleges and substituting their own "agents". Thus begins a hilarious, often bloody, battle of wits as the girls meet resistance not only from Olga Vandermeer, their Headmistress, but from the Minister of Education, a private detective and an oil sheikh. Despite all his desperate efforts to foil the conspiracy, the Minister has to face a growing realisation that the girls’ demands will have to be met — for him this will mean a very great and very personal sacrifice.
