International access.
Legal and Ethical Concerns.
By country.
The Icelandic sheepdog very much resembles dogs found in graves in Denmark and Sweden from about 8000 B.C. Dog imports to Iceland were limited and from 1901 even forbidden.
Poe may also have been expanding on previous analytical works of his own including the essay on "Maelzel's Chess Player" and the comedic "Three Sundays in a Week". As for the twist in the plot, Poe was likely inspired by the crowd reaction to an orangutan on display at the Masonic Hall in Philadelphia in July 1839. The name of the main character may have been inspired from the "Dupin" character in a series of stories first published in "Burton's Gentleman's Magazine" in 1828 called "Unpublished passages in the Life of Vidocq, the French Minister of Police". Poe would likely have known the story, which features an analytical man who discovers a murderer, though the two plots share little resemblance. Murder victims in both stories, however, have their neck cut so badly that the head is almost entirely removed from the body. Dupin actually mentions Vidocq by name, dismissing him as "a good guesser".
Raw scores, scaled scores, and percentiles.
Most "Cucurbita" species are climbing annual vines and are mesophytes (requiring adequate water), while the perennials grow in tropical zones and are xerophytes (tolerating dry conditions). The plant stem can grow and produces tendrils that help it climb adjacent plants and structures or along the ground. Most species do not readily root from the nodes; "Cucurbita ficifolia" and the 4 cultivated mesophytes are notable exceptions. The vine of the perennial "Cucurbita" can become semiwoody if left to grow. There is wide variation in size, shape, and color among "Cucurbita" fruits, even within a single species. "C. ficifolia" is an exception to this, being highly uniform in appearance. The morphological differences in the species "C. pepo" and "C. maxima" are so vast that its various subspecies and cultivars have been misidentified as totally separate species.
Denying the antecedent
An old childhood friend, Dr. Bruce Clayworth (Lloyd Corrigan), performs the autopsy and extracts a pistol bullet. Then, when Nick searches Berton's room for clues, he is knocked unconscious by Crazy Mary (Anne Revere), a local eccentric. 

Non-fiction.
Fleet.
Song spoke out against the increasing authoritarianism of China's provisional president, Yuan Shikai, and expressed concerns towards Yuan’s indications that he would like to restore a monarchical system to China with himself as emperor. In January 1, 1912, the Republic of China was established in Nanjing. Song was appointed to reform China's legal system, and he drafted a provisional constitution, the "Republic of China Interim Government Organization Act."
Waveney is a local government district in Suffolk, England, named after the River Waveney that forms its north-west border. The district council is based in Lowestoft, the major settlement in Waveney, which is the only unparished area in the district. The other towns in the district are Beccles, Bungay, Halesworth and Southwold.
The concept of miscegenation is tied to concepts of racial difference. As the different connotations and etymologies of miscegenation and "mestizaje" suggest, definitions of race, "race mixing" and multiraciality have diverged globally as well as historically, depending on changing social circumstances and cultural perceptions. Mestizo are people of mixed white and indigenous, usually Amerindian ancestry, who do not self-identify as indigenous peoples or Native Americans. In Canada, however, the Métis, who also have partly Amerindian and partly white, often French-Canadian, ancestry, have identified as an ethnic group and are a constitutionally recognized aboriginal people. (In Canada these are referred to as Métis. A very famous one was Louis Riel.)
Etymology.
Heating iron to a "forging heat" allows bending as if it were a soft, ductile metal, like copper or silver.

Bit-level parallelism.
