David Bailey was an American militia officer in the Illinois Militia who fought during the War of 1812 and the Black Hawk War, most notably serving at the Battle of Stillman's Run where he and Lt. Col. Major Isaiah Stillman were defeated by Black Hawk's British Band at Stillman Creek in present-day Ogle County, Illinois on May 14, 1832.
"Kent" left the Downs on 19 February 1825 with 20 officers and 344 soldiers belonging to the 31st Regiment of Foot, 43 women and 66 children, 20 private passengers, and a crew (including officers) of 148 men. In all, there were 641 persons on board.

Year 1921 the sponsor of GIF, August Kyntzell, had visited England and seen Stoke City playing in their red and white striped dress. Kyntzell became fond of the costumes and decided that his team (GIF and later GBK) would play in the same colours. In the summer of 1921 GIF appeared in red and white striped costumes.

This is a list of the current Royal Australian Air Force aircraft in operation:
Cohan auditioned for Ruby, but ultimately received the part of Bela. Upon learning of Cohan's British accent, a "really psyched" Kripke reworked the character to be British. The actress herself later pictured Bela that way, feeling she "has some kind of cool shading and sneakiness, which fits the British accent". At the time Cohan's casting, however, she had been given little exposure to the character script-wise, and was unaware she would play a "nasty person". It was not until The CW up-fronts that Kripke gave her a "good spiel" about Bela because she would be interviewed. The actress later turned down an offer from him to provide more of the character's backstory, and instead opted to learn it as the episodes were filmed. In order to prepare for her role, Cohan received training in weaponry to be "well equipped with swords and a lot of instruments—sharp instruments", and in kickboxing alongside Ruby's actress Katie Cassidy. Cohan and Cassidy also decided to catch up on "Supernatural" before filming for the third season began, by watching the first two seasons together.
