Claudio Lucero and Nelson Muñoz made the first recorded ascent of Paniri in 1972. They found archaeological remains on its summit.
Game summaries.
<doc id="11440964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11440964" title="Bassett, Minnesota">
Wilks was a 28-year-old rookie pitcher in 1944. He beat the Cincinnati Reds 3-0 on August 29, for his eleventh victory in a row. Wilks took a no-hitter into the eighth inning, prior to Frank McCormick hitting for a single. It was one of three Cincinnati hits. Wilks concluded the 1944 season with a 17-4 record and a 2.65 earned run average. Following his impressive rookie season, Wilks encountered arm problems which limited his effectiveness. However, he became an important pitcher in the Cardinal bullpen in the post-World War II era.
Cylindrocarpon candidum

Boverisuchus is an extinct genus of planocraniid crocodylian known from the middle Eocene (Lutetian stage) of Germany and western North America. It grew to approximately three metres (10 ft) in length.
Recent phylogenetic analysis has shown that "Suchodus" is a distinct metriorhynchid genus. 
For the local people's medical necessities there 3–4 small scaled clinics. The one majorly favoured is that of Dr. Temurus Wadia, serving since last 55 years [ His exact diagnosis was appreciated in his initial years even by the Tata Memorial Hospital - Bombay (Now Mumbai)] & Dr. Pilloo Mehta who served Nargol for infinity years & D. R. Vyas, Dr. Pramod Patel & Kranti Keni presently serving the people of Nargol
1935 season.
For example, the U.S. system allows FTC, subject to limitations, for foreign compulsory levies based on net income or withheld from gross receipts. It also denies FTC for taxes paid to countries requiring participation in certain boycotts or taxes paid in exchange for goods or services provided by the taxing authority for services. The UK allows FTC, subject to limitations, for foreign taxes of a nature similar to the income or corporation tax. This is allowed under tax treaties or as a unilateral credit. Canada similarly allows credits, but limits the portion of foreign tax subject to deduction with respect to an oil or gas business.
Gralhas
