<doc id="13987005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13987005" title="Ruben Palma">
Geta had two cousins, both brothers, sons of a Septimius, who served as Consuls under Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius. One was Gaius Septimius Severus, Consul Suffectus in July 160 and Governor of Numidia in 173-174 and then again in 177. The other was Publius Septimius Aper, who served as Consul Suffectus in July 153 and was the father of Publius Septimius Aper and grandfather of Lucius Septimius Aper, Consul Suffectus in 160. Another relative of his, Lucius Septimius F... was Consul Suffectus in 183. Another of his relatives, probably a grandson of Publius Septimius Aper, was Gaius Septimius Severus Aper, Consul Ordinarius in 207, who died in 212. Yet another relative of his was Septimius Bassus. He might also have been related to Tertullian.
It is a medium-sized deciduous tree growing to 10–20 m tall with a stout trunk usually up to 60 cm, but sometimes as much as 2-3 m diameter, and grey bark; the crown is dome-shaped, with stout horizontal branches. The leaves are green above, and densely hairy with pale grey-white hairs beneath, 7–12 cm long and 5–7 cm broad, with four to seven oval lobes on each side of the leaf, broadest near the middle, rounded at the apex, and finely serrated margins. The autumn colour is dull yellowish to grey-brown. The flowers are 15–20 mm diameter, with five white petals and 20 yellowish-white stamens; they are produced in corymbs 8–12 cm diameter in late spring. The fruit is an oval pome 15 mm long and 10 mm diameter, orange-red to red, maturing in mid autumn. The fruit is dryish, and eaten by thrushes and waxwings, which disperse the seeds.
<doc id="13988035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13988035" title="Sorbus × hybrida">

2001
The TurnPro magnetic finger is an invention of Alamo Heights native Casper Terpinski. The product is basically a finger slip or glove with magnets built into the gripping surface, designed for picking up nuts and bolts during automotive work. The product is sold mainly through automotive specialty catalogs such as ""Busted Knuckle Garage"".
Declaration of Table Mountain
Florida Governor Fuller Warren appointed McKethan to be the chairman of the State Road Board; he served from 1949 to 1953. McKethan was responsible, in part, for the construction of the Sunshine Skyway Bridge across Tampa Bay, as well as for the initial planning of the Florida Turnpike. He also served as the first chairman of the Southwest Florida Water Management District.

All-Star Game
Although Mitchell had made earlier televised appearances, this may be her earliest filmed performance.
Just after that, he coached Pakistan in the 2006 Asian Games. There they lost to Japan 3-2, then lost to North Korea 1-0 and finally fell to another loss, this time to Syria 2-0. As Pakistan were expected to lose heavily to all three teams, this was seen as another step up. Their spirited attacking game that Sharida introduced was allowing Pakistan to become more competitive. 
<doc id="13992174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13992174" title="Frank Webster">

Criticism.
The name "Bani Na'im" was used by Muslim scholar Abd al-Ghani al-Nabulsi in 1690 during Ottoman rule. He wrote that the village had been known as "Kafr al-Barik" and "now it is known as Qaryat Bani Nu'aym in a diminutive form." It received this name from the Arab tribe of Bani Nu'aym, also referred to as Bani Na'im, who settled there after migrating from the vicinity of Petra in Transjordan. Until the end of the 19th-century, the early Arabic name was used by the residents and Western travelers. 
<doc id="13993669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13993669" title="Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerants">

All that remains of the Hôtel de la Reine today is a single Doric column, known as the Colonne de l'Horoscope, which stood in the courtyard. It can be seen next to the domed Bourse de Commerce. Catherine's biographer Leonie Frieda has called it "a poignant reminder of the fleeting nature of power". The staircase inside leads to a platform that can hold three persons and is topped by an iron cage. A balcony is thought to have once encircled the top. The purpose of the column is not clear, but it would have served as a useful observation post. Catherine's astrologers may have used it to look at the stars. The column also seems to have had a memorial significance. Carvings of shattered mirrors, torn love-knots, and the intertwined letters "C" and "H"—all symbols of Catherine's grief at the loss of her husband—are embedded in the fluting.
