The painting captures a moment when Joris van der Paele, deep in meditation and prayer, removes his glasses, which van Eyck employs to create a lovely optical illusion: they enlarge the text immediately behind them on his book of prayers—both items are symbols of wealth and education—as he pauses and reflects on a passage he has just read. At that moment the Virgin, Child and two saints appear before him as embodiments of his prayer. The Virgin sits on an elevated throne situated below a minutely detailed and extravagantly decorated brocade baldachin. The Child has curly blond hair and sits animated and upright at the side of her lap, perched on a white cloth. He is shown frontally, with his head in three quarters view . The tapestry behind them is decorated with white roses, symbols of the purity of the Virgin. Mary's robe is embroidered with Latin text that recalls a similar sentiment to van Eyck's Berlin "Madonna in the Church" and is taken from the Wisdom of Solomon 7:29: "Est enim haec speciosior sole et super omnem stellarum dispositionem. Luci conparata invenitur prior" ("For she is more beautiful than the sun, and excels every constellation of the stars. Compared with the light she is found to be superior"). The throne contains a number of carved figures including representations of Adam and Eve on the upper arms, and on the legs, a number of prefiguring events from the Life of Christ and old testament scenes, including the meeting of Abraham and Melchizedek, and the Sacrifice of Isaac.
<doc id="34441247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34441247" title="Acrodectes Peak">
The Münster tramway network () once formed part of the public transport system in Münster, now in the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Opened in 1901, the network lasted until 1954.
<doc id="34442034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34442034" title="Clement Gordon Watson">

In late March 2013, Foreign Minister of Somalia Fowziya Yusuf Haji Adan and her Emirati counterpart Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan signed a Memorandum of Understanding on bilateral cooperation. The agreement re-establishes formal diplomatic ties between Somalia and the UAE, and also focuses on the political, security, economic, investment and development sectors. Additionally, the Emirati government announced that it would re-open its embassy in Mogadishu.
Volume List.
The iron works.
Raphael Thattil
<doc id="34444352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34444352" title="Casualties of the Bahraini uprising (2011–present)">
John Poulett, 4th Earl Poulett KT (3 April 1756 – 14 January 1819), styled Viscount Hinton between 1764 and 1788, was a British peer and militia officer.
In 1853 Davidov was appointed Extraordinary Professor in the Department of Applied Mathematics, a position he retained until 1859, when he was appointed Full Professor in the same department. In 1862 Davidov moved to the chair of pure mathematics and remained in that post until the end of his tenure at the university. In 1864 he created a new course on the theory of functions, which he taught until 1869 (after which it was taught by his student Nikolai Bugaev).

