Ernesta Drinker Ballard (1920 – August 11, 2005) was an American horticulturalist and feminist. Among the founders of the National Organization for Women, the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League, and Women's Way, Ballard was the executive director of the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society from 1963 to 1981, credited by "The New York Times" with bringing its annual Philadelphia Flower Show to "international prominence."
The term "Scandinavian diaspora" is also used to describe more recent emigrations and emigrants originating in one or more of the countries of Scandinavia.
1999 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A

John Paul II Catholic School was established in 1988 as a private independent Catholic School and is fully accredited with the Texas Education Agency through the Texas Catholic Conference Accreditation Commission. The school is a registered, non-profit corporation in the state of Texas with a corporate Board of Directors. John Paul II opened with 56 students in Pre-Kindergarten through third grade in the fall of 1988 having temporary trailer buildings as classrooms/offices.
In 1960, a member of the All England Netball Association went to Jamaica to coach, lecture and test umpires. Two years later, an English team toured the West Indies, beating Jamaica, Trinidad and the West Indies. In 1967, a team representing Greater London toured Jamaica, winning all their matches on the tour. In 1970, a team of British Students toured the Bahamas and Jamaica. Later that year, Jamaica's national team toured England. The third World Tournament was held in Kingston, Jamaica in 1971. Teams that competed at the event included Jamaica, England and New Zealand. England's record against Jamaica in international matches between 1949 and 1976 was nine wins and zero losses. In 1972, an England Under 21 team toured Jamaica and beat the Jamaican Under 21 team every time they competed. Jamaica's national association was involved in the protests against apartheid policies that discriminated against black South Africans. As a result of the English tour of South Africa in 1973, Jamaica banned players who participated from competing in netball matches held in Jamaica. As of January 2011, the women's national team was ranked number four in the world.
<doc id="31319772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31319772" title="Denis Khismatullin">
Criticisms.
Sharey Chuattor () is a 1953 Indian Bengali comedy film, directed by Nirmal Dey, story by Bijon Bhattacharya, starring Tulsi Chakrabarti and Molina Devi, and co-starring Suchitra Sen and Uttam Kumar. Contemporary playback singers like Dhananjay, Dwijen Mukherjee, Shamol Mitra and Manabendra Mukherjee acted in this film. Bhanu and Jahar were also cast.
