Camp William Penn was a Union Army training camp located in Cheltenham Township, Pennsylvania from 1863 to 1865, notable for being the first training ground dedicated to African American troops who enlisted in the United States Army during the American Civil War. Some 11,000 free blacks and escaped slaves were trained here, including 8,612 from Pennsylvania, the most black troops recruited during the war from any northern state.
Stephansplatz may refer to either of the following:
Personal life.

After the publication of the first volume in the "Series of Old Welsh Texts" in 1887, Evans was awarded the MA honoris causa from the University of Oxford. In May 1901 he received the degree D.Litt honoris causa from the same university.

Neighbouring municipalities.
References.

Peixoto de Azevedo
... aka Bello delle donne 3, Il (Italy: third season title)
Grimbergen Abbey was a Premonstratensian monastery in Grimbergen, Flemish Brabant, Belgium, established in 1128 in the place of an earlier foundation of Augustinian Canons.
The State’s second major resource boom was stimulated when, in 1960, the Commonwealth Government lifted the iron ore export embargo that had been in place since 1938. Demand was fuelled by the buoyant Japanese economy and Japanese, American and British investment flowed into the State. While Asia had previously been a market for Western Australian products (notably sandalwood and wool), the export of iron ore to Japan marked a fundamental shift in Western Australia’s trade dynamic and paved the way for the development of Asia as the State’s most important trading region.
It is endowed with Abbotsbrook Hall, a small, parish council-owned venue used for community events. The local hostelry is The Black Lion situated on Marlow Road. Claytons School, the junior school serving Well End and Bourne End, is sited locally on Wendover Road. There is nearby access to the Little Marlow Gravel Pits nature reserve and to the River Thames towpath.
Hanson first played college football at El Camino Junior College, before transferring to Texas Tech for his final two years. He also received interest from Illinois and Arkansas. At Texas Tech, he majored in human development and family studies.
