3. Fältm. Wittenbergs Reiter<br>

The Limestone Industry was also significant in Froghall. At the nearby Froghall wharf, Limestone was loaded onto Canal narrow boats or burnt in lime kilns and then transported to the Potteries or further afield.The Limestone was mined in the huge quarries at Caldon low and then loaded onto an inclined Tramway to Froghall. Four Tramways were built and parts of them are still tracable in the landscape including various bridges and inclines. The final tramway, built by James Trubshaw was the most significant and involved the most engineering. Trubshaw's tunnel near Windy Harbour is an excellent relic of this fourth route. 
Steaua against FC Dinamo București has been the leading Romanian football derby in the last 60 years, as Steaua and Dinamo are the two most successful football teams in the country. It has also been and still is a match between the former clubs of the Romanian Army (Steaua) and the Ministry of Internal Affairs (Dinamo). Not once have there been famous clashes between different factions of supporters of them, in the streets as well as inside the stadium. The heyday was reached before a match kick-off in 1997, when Dinamo fans set a sector of Ghencea Stadium's South End (where they were assigned) on fire. Between October 1991 and April 2000, Steaua enjoyed their moment of glory, counting 19 undefeated official matches in front of their rivals, both in the championship and the cup.
The T2S platform may also have a positive impact on financial stability. In particular, it will reduce the risks that still affect the settlement of cross-border transactions. With its robust business continuity solution, it will also decrease counterparty and settlement agent risk.
Microlins belongs to a holding company, FranHolding, presided also by Semenzato, which owns also other franchise chains, such as Instituto Embelleze, NumberOne Idiomas, ProfSat, and others.
Summer Schools

Gaetano Bisleti was born in Veroli, Italy. He was educated at the Seminary of Tivoli and the Pontifical Academy of Ecclesiastical Nobles, where he obtained a doctorate in theology in 1879.

