
Recognition.
Hangseshwari Temple
Einfeld was the President of Australian Legal Resources International, a non-profit independent group of lawyers that supported democracy, human rights and the rule of law in developing countries. In August 2006, this organisation collapsed, leaving creditors, including AusAID, the Australian Taxation Office, and St.George Bank "thousands of dollars out of pocket."
The following events occurred in April 1973:
Guthrie is a village in Angus, Scotland, roughly at the centre point of the towns of Arbroath, Brechin and Forfar. The principal building in the village is Guthrie Castle, which has its own public golf course and is a popular venue for events such as markets, parties and weddings. The village of Guthrie is centered on the Guthrie parish church, containing the Guthrie Aisle, built in 1150.
Klosterneuburg
A further report in the Dunoon Observer, says that the derelict 'village', known as Pollphail, was sold to a forestry company who plan to demolish the buildings and build new houses. It remains in situ currently.
Dežerice
In September 2010, it was reported that the TaxPayers' Alliance was organising an event sponsored by several American lobbyists and groups involved in the Tea Party movement, including the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, the Cato Institute and the Heritage Foundation. The Alliance has also sought advice from the Tea Party leadership, with Matthew Elliott stating in September 2010: "We need to learn from our European colleagues and the Tea Party movement in the US. It will be fascinating to see whether it will transfer to the UK. Will there be the same sort of uprising?"
Findings.


Oconto High School
Until 2000 an older form of preamble was used:
Lars Håland (b July 28, 1962) is a former Swedish cross country skier who competed from 1986 to 1999. He won two medals at the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, with a gold in the 4 x 10 km, and a bronze in the 15 km freestyle. Håland also earned his only World Cup victory at Falun, Sweden in 1991.
Family.
Conspiracy theory of Russian government involvement.
<doc id="6582010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6582010" title="Too Hot (Alanis Morissette song)">
Ulead MediaStudio Pro
Staff.
Initial experience with the Advanced Passenger Trains was good. They had a high power-to-weight ratio to enable rapid acceleration; the prototype set record speeds on the Great Western Main Line and the Midland Main Line, and the production versions vastly reduced journey times on the WCML. The APT was, however, beset with technical problems; financial constraints and negative media coverage eventually caused the project to be cancelled.
Definition.
Truman Smith Baxter
<doc id="6583583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6583583" title="Petersburg High School (Alaska)">
<doc id="6583843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6583843" title="Julio César Vásquez">
