

Chalmington is a small hamlet close to the village of Cattistock, in west Dorset, England.
Editors generated with GEF consist of the following components:
Plot.
Lionel Belmore (12 May 1867, Wimbledon, Surrey, England - 30 January 1953, Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California) was an English character actor and director on stage for more than a quarter of a century.
The name of Margaret's other son, Alexander, may point to a variety of traditions, both occidental and oriental: the biography of Alexander the Great was one of the most popular books in eleventh-century Kiev.
Peter Brierley,
Kovai Brothers is a 2006 Tamil-language comedy film released in India. The film stars Tamil comedians Sathyaraj, Sibiraj, Vadivelu, Uma, Kovai Sarala and Namitha. The film was dubbed in Telugu as "Pokiri Brothers".
<doc id="6852895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6852895" title="Wisconsin Northern Railroad">
Huberta (hippopotamus)
The first record of Pioneers in a British army goes back to 1346 where the pay and muster rolls of the English Garrison at Calais show records of the Pioneers' pay. About 1750, it was proposed that a Corps of Pioneers be formed, although nothing was done on this for nearly two hundred years. The Army Works Corps was established during the Crimean War in 1854. The Labour Corps was formed in 1917 during World War I and employed 325,000 British troops, 98,000 Chinese, 10,000 Africans and at least 300,000 other labourers.
Alan Richard Knill (born 8 October 1964) is a former Wales international footballer who played as a central defender for several clubs, including Halifax Town, Swansea City, Bury, Scunthorpe United and Rotherham United and made one appearance for Wales in 1988. He has also managed Rotherham United, Bury, Scunthorpe United and a disastrous and short-lived spell at Torquay United. He is now assistant to Chris Wilder at Northampton Town
Fort Reno Park
<doc id="6854164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6854164" title="Sean Glennon">
Enchanter.
In the Orthodox Church, their names are often listed together and they are commemorated together on September 2, while each has his own feast day as well (July 10 for St. Anthony and May 3 for St. Theodosius).
Central Africa Time
Patients in area hospitals who wish to make use of internet services provided via HOT are charged 20 shekels a day.
The Triveni Sangam is believed to be the same place where drops of Nectar fell from the pitcher, from the hands of the Gods. So it is believed that a bath in the Sangam will wash away all one's sins and will clear the way to heaven. Devout Hindus from all over India come to this sacred pilgrimage point to offer prayers and take a dip in the holy waters. The sacred Kumbh Mela is held every 12 years on the banks of Ganga, Yamuna and Sarsvati at Sangam. According to Hindu tradition, the Prakrista Yajna was performed here by Lord Brahma. That is why Allahabad was known as "Prayag" in ancient times. Allahabad (Prayag) is also called "Tirtha-Raja" (Prayag Raj), king of all holy places. It is said that Lord Rama visited Prayag Raj/Allahabad when he was in exile.
Selected artists and former artists.
Alcorn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Recipients of the Top 10 Award include many notable athletes in the United States and include John Elway, Steve Young, Peyton Manning, Eli Manning, Doug Flutie, Tiki Barber, Cheryl Miller, and Drew Brees.
Rata Dhoondha, Rawaliyawas, Rawatkhera, Rewat,
<doc id="6856887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6856887" title="Aulus Furius Antias">
Biography.
After the Spanish conquests in the Americas, what is now the province of Veraguas was awarded to Columbus’ grandson Luís, who launched several expeditions to subdue the native population and firmly establish control. He sold his rights back to the Spanish crown after the attempts proved unsuccessful. The Spanish crown then established the Province of Veragua and made the Spanish captain Francisco Vázquez, survivor of a dramatic El Dorado expedition, its first governor in 1560. Santa Fe was founded around that time for the purpose of gold mining. 
Triphenylphosphine oxide can be difficult to remove from reaction mixtures by means of chromatography. It is poorly soluble in hexane and cold diethyl ether. Trituration or chromatography of crude products with these solvents often leads to a good separation of triphenylphosphine oxide.
Machov

<doc id="6858664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6858664" title="List of islands by name (D)">
In contemporary popular music.
Loomer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ding () is the simplest written Chinese family name in existence (the only two characters that are simpler are "一" and "乙"). It is written in two strokes and is first on the Chinese surname stroke order.
Globalization is especially important in mitigating extra work involved in the long-term cycle of localization. Because localization is a cycle and not a one-time project, there will always be new texts, updates, and projects to localize. For example, as the original website is updated over time, each of the localized websites already translated will also need to be updated. This cycle of work is continuous as long as the original project continues to evolve. It is therefore important for globalization processes to be created and streamlined in order to implement ongoing changes.
The Finnish general computing magazine "MikroBITTI" awarded the game 91%. Its review praised the game's playability and mentioned voice acting as the only clearly negative feature.
As a commune, Los Vilos is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
<doc id="6861039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6861039" title="John Minardi">

Carpets by regions.
During the 1970s, the 1801st Air Base Wing was the non-flying host unit at Richards-Gebaur. Established on 1 October 1970, it was inactivated and replaced on 1 October 1977. Military Airlift Command established a presence on the base with the 39th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Wing in 1970; the 36th Aeromedical Evacuation Flight in 1974, and several Mobile Aerial Port Squadrons for deployment around the world.
Takehiko was born in 1874 in Mori Town, Kusu District (currently Kusu Town) in Ōita Prefecture. He was a direct descendent of , and the grandson of the last head of the Mori Domain, .
GROUP 3

Synelnykove (; ) is a town in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine. Administratively, Synelnykove is incorporated as the town of oblast significance and serves as the administrative center of Synelnykove Raion which it does not belong to. Population: .
History.
Nostalgia and media.
<doc id="6863674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6863674" title="Ulianovka">
Cretan Hound

