It is interesting to theorise whether there would have been any way for Fujitsu to have obtained a granted patent. If the invention as claimed had recited the particular steps carried out by the computer program, and if these were different from the steps which would have been carried out manually in the past, then there is the possibility that this could have represented a technical contribution. The particular technical contribution could have been that the claimed invention would not then have been merely a conventional computer for automatically carrying out a previously manual process, but rather a computer programmed in a specific way to perform a useful task.
In Brazil, until the first half of the 20th century, very important people could be called in a very respectful - but not formal - way using a social or military title and a childish hypocoristics of their given name, such as ""Coronel Tonico"" (something like Colonel Tony), ""Comendador Paulinho"" (Commender Lil' Paul), ""Dona Chica"" (Lady Lil' Frances"), "Sinhá Mariquinha" (Mrs. Lil' Mary, "sinhá" is a popular pronunciation of senhora, i.e. Mrs.). Although an American president could be called "Bill" (Clinton) or "Jimmy" (Carter) by the press, this practice was used in Brazil as a much more respectful treatment and never in a formal way.
At the end of 1975, there were only three combat squadrons at Korat, consisting of 24 F-4D's of the 34th TFS, 24 A-7D's of the 3rd TFS, and 6 AC-130 "Spectre" aircraft of the 16th Special Operations Squadron.
As "Homo sapiens" relentlessly encroaches on the natural world and its inhabitants, the viewer is presented with a choice: leave behind a flourishing planet or a dying one.
JAM 13 ("Lucky 13") - 2004
The "Houhanshu" wrote that Cao Song was travelling to Langya to evade chaos. Along the way, he passed by Yinping (陰平; within present-day Linyi, Shandong), where Tao Qian had garrisoned some troops. Tao Qian's men were tempted by greed and they killed Cao Song for his wealth.
<doc id="4061318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4061318" title="Inquirer">
