Seven books have been translated into English and published by Cinebook Ltd:

Donations are periodically made to Xianling Temple (显灵庙), which guards the site. According to tradition, the Dragon King went to the aid of imperial troops in the Ming Dynasty and was honoured by the Jiajing Emperor by edict. From that time onwards pilgrims from around Fenghua have made their way to Malongkeng to ask favours of the Dragon King. 
Baldwin believes that "the invasion and occupation of Iraq was absolutely unnecessary" and has said his presidency would result in troop withdrawal from Iraq.

Wimbledon Common, together with Putney Heath and Putney Lower Common, is protected by the Wimbledon and Putney Commons Act of 1871 from being enclosed or built upon. The common is for the benefit of the general public for informal recreation, and for the preservation of natural flora and fauna. It is the largest expanse of heathland in the London area. There is an area of bog with unique flora. The western slopes, which lie on London Clay, support mature mixed woodland. The Commons are also a flagship site for the stag beetle.
Beyond these municipal documents, the archives collects documentary material related to the history of Peel, and the individuals and groups that have helped in developing the community. Major photography collections include newspaper photographer Russell K. Cooper, commercial photographers Cecil Chinn and Cecil Henry, the Luker family collection, and glass negative collections from Robertson Matthews, the Brampton portrait studio, and the McLeod family.
The history of the southern part of India covers a span of over four thousand years during which the region saw the rise and fall of a number of dynasties and empires. The period of known history of the region begins with the Iron age (1200 BCE to 24 BCE) period until the 14th century CE. Dynasties of Satavahana, Chalukya, Pallava, Rashtrakuta, Kakatiya and Hoysala were at their peak during various periods of history. These kingdoms constantly fought amongst each other and against external forces when Muslim armies invaded south India. Vijayanagara empire rose in response to the Muslim intervention and covered the most of south India and acted as a bulwark against Mughal expansion into the south. When the European powers arrived during the 16th century CE, the southern kingdoms resisted the new threats, and many parts eventually succumbed to British occupation. The British created the Madras Presidency which covered most of south India directly administered by the British Raj, and divided the rest into a number of dependent princely states. After Indian independence South India was linguistically divided into the states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
When Martin senior hears of his grandson's new life, he demands that Pecksniff kick young Martin out. Then, Martin senior moves in and falls under Pecksniff's control. During this time, Pinch falls in love with Mary, but does not declare it, knowing of her attachment to young Martin.
Fleet.
Fenton was born in London, and attended St Edward's School in Oxford, starting in 1963. He has credited the school's Deputy Director of Music at the time, the late Peter Whitehouse, as an early influence. Fenton is now a Governor of the School.
Kuby defended Ronald Golb, the son of a biblical scholar, who had sent emails impersonating critics of his father's work in which the emails falsely admitted various things including academic fraud, in an attempt to discredit the critics. Golb lost at trial and an appeal is currently pending.

"The Accusing Ghost".
Northcote Close, a road on Hong Kong Island and Northcote Teachers' College (the premises is now occupied by Bonham Road Government Primary School) were named after him.
On the outbreak of the Second World War Norrie continued to serve as commander of 1st Armoured Brigade. In April 1940 the brigade was part of 2nd Armoured Division which he was given temporary command of for a month between appointments of permanent commanders. Following this he was appointed acting major-general and became Inspector of the Royal Armoured Corps. Four months later he became GOC 1st Armoured Division and was promoted to the permanent rank of major-general in June 1941. In November 1941 the division was ordered to Egypt where Norrie found himself appointed acting lieutenant-general to command XXX Corps in the place of Vyvyan Pope who had died in an air crash shortly before Norrie's arrival in Egypt. He commanded XXX Corps during Operation Crusader with some success but his tanks suffered a heavy defeat at the Battle of Gazala in June 1942. He was criticised for his "cavalry" approach to armoured warfare and Eighth Army commander Claude Auchinleck replaced him in July. He returned to Britain to be appointed Commander of the Royal Armoured Corps in which role he was to give advice on armoured warfare to Bernard Paget, the C-in-C Home Forces. He continued as Paget's advisor when Paget became commander of 21st Army Group on its formation in July 1943 but when Bernard Montgomery assumed command early in 1944, he brought his own advisor. In April 1944 Norrie was appointed Head of the Military Mission to the French Committee of National Liberation (CFLN) in Algiers, a post he held until the middle of 1944 when he was proposed by the Secretary of State for the Dominions to become Governor of South Australia.
Moore was born in Gander, Newfoundland. He is the son of a Pentecostal minister, R. Douglas Moore (of the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada) and his wife, Marie. He has two younger sisters and a younger brother. Due to his father's pastoral work, Moore spent time during his childhood living in New York state (in the Syracuse area) and also spent eight years of his life (from his late childhood to his mid-teenage years) living in Boiling Springs, Pennsylvania. While in Pennsylvania, he attended Bethel Christian Academy (the school affiliated with his father's church, Bethel Assembly of God, which is in Carlisle, Pennsylvania). After completing the 8th Grade at Bethel Christian Academy (now called Carlisle Christian Academy), he briefly attended Boiling Springs High School (with the South Middleton School District) in Boiling Springs, PA. His father (a Canadian citizen and native) then desired to move his family back to Canada to start a church in the late Summer of 1989.
"Tejas" was produced by Bill Ham and recorded and mixed by Terry Manning. In 1987, a digitally remixed version of the recording was released on CD and the original 1976 mix version was discontinued. The remix version created controversy among fans because it significantly changed the sound of the instruments, especially the drums. 
The university college's legacy institutions have been associated with Queen's University Belfast, since 1949. Since 1968 Queen's degrees have been obtainable by the students of these two institutions.
According to "Gates of Repentance", a standard work of Jewish ethics written by Rabbenu Yonah of Gerona, if someone commits a sin, a forbidden act, he can be forgiven for that sin if he performs "teshuva", which includes:
In 1978, the WHO Regional Committee for the Western Pacific nominated and elected Dr Nakajima as Regional Director, an office he held for two consecutive terms until 1988, when he was elected Director-General of WHO. In 1993, Dr Nakajima was re-elected to a second term of office as Director-General. In 1997, Dr Nakajima announced that he was not seeking another re-election and that his term of office would end in July 1998.
Natta was born in Imperia, Italy. He earned his degree in chemical engineering from the Politecnico di Milano university in Milan in 1924. In 1927 he passed the exams for becoming a professor there. In 1933 he became a full professor and the director of the Institute of General Chemistry of Pavia University, where he stayed until 1935. In that year he was appointed full professor in physical chemistry at the University of Rome.
The Port of New Orleans is the 3rd-largest port in the United States, as measured by total bulk tonnage exported. According to the same source, the adjoining Port of South Louisiana is the largest port in the United States when measured by the same yardstick.

Gamaliel
"Stargate Infinity" premiered in September 2002 as part of 4Kids Entertainment’s FOX BOX Saturday morning line-up on FOX and went off the air in June 2003. Due to its lack of popularity the show is almost completely unrecognized. The series was cancelled before any of its story arcs could be resolved. The show was of low budget, which was constantly noted by the media. DIC Entertainment released a 4-episode DVD on October 7, 2003 in Region 1. MGM Home Entertainment released a five disc season box set on August 13, 2007 in region 2. Shout! Factory, a company known for releasing cult animated series, acquired the rights to the show and released the entire series to DVD on May 13, 2008 in Region 1. , there is yet to come a release of "Stargate Infinity" package in Region 4, namely Oceania and Latin America.
Materials and construction.
where formula_44 is the vector of barycentric coordinates, formula_16 is the vector of Cartesian coordinates, and formula_46 is a matrix given by

McTeague's interventions in Question period also resulted in goading the Conservative government to back away from its plan to eliminate the Liberal energuide program for seniors and low income Canadians.
<doc id="763159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=763159" title="SPR">
<doc id="763226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=763226" title="Károly Németh">
ASPC-Winslow includes a minimum security unit near St Johns and has an inmate capacity of approximately 1,928 in 3 housing units and 2 special housing units at security levels 2, 4, and 5. The ADC uses a score classification system to assess inmates appropriate custody and security level placement. The scores range from 1 to 5 with 5 being the highest risk or need. ASPC-Winslow medium to high security prison. 
The University of Toronto Joint Centre for Bioethics, or JCB, is an academic research centre located on the downtown campus of the University of Toronto in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The Joint Centre for Bioethics is a partnership between the University and 15 affiliated health care organizations in the Greater Toronto Area. The centre studies ethical, health-related topics through research, educational and clinical activities that aim to improve the standard of health care at national and international levels. The centre consists of a network of over 180 multidisciplinary professionals, approximately 30 of whom work full-time in bioethics, representing the largest multi-disciplinary group of in-hospital bioethicists in Canada.
The centre is equipped with three IBM X-series servers, one Dell PowerEdge 6600 Quad Processor Xeon Server, six Dell PowerEdge 2600 Dual Processor Server and one Sunfire V210 Server. The Desktops and Thin clients are connected to the servers through gigabit switches and CAT6 UTP cables. The centre is connected to the campus-networking centre with backbone of 32Mbit/s through a Nortel L3 switch and in turn to internet.
Crustacea.
Economics.
Alaska
persistent odor, that is obtained from a sac situated under the skin of the abdomen of the male musk deer, that when fresh in the pods is brown and unctuous and when dried is a grainy powder, that varies in quality according to the season and age of the animal, and that is used chiefly in the form of a tincture as a fixative in perfumes

At the close of the election all boxes can be taken to a single location for tallying (The count) and the result declared. Alternately the boxes can be tallied at the polling station, with individual stations announcing their results to be tallied (known as precinct count).
The Tancredo Neves Bridge connects the Brazilian city of Foz do Iguaçu with the Argentine Puerto Iguazú, crossing over the Iguassu River.
<doc id="764101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=764101" title="Dani Behr">
Multiply Christian Network.
Saddle Mountain
In 1992 and 1993, "Monterey" was part of Carrier Group 6, whose flagship at the time by "America." On 10–11 January, "Monterey" was underway from Souda Bay, Crete, to Haifa, Israel. From 12–19 January, she was inport in Haifa. From 20–22 January, she was underway from Haifa, Israel for exercise Noble Dina Seven. On 22–23 January, she was inport in Haifa, Israel for post-exercise debriefs, before leaving for a U.S. Navy/NATO Combined Air Defense Exercise. On 29 March, Vice Admiral W. A. Owens, Commander, Sixth Fleet, embarked with a 28-man Army, Navy, and Air Force Staff including BGEN James Mathers (Commanding General, Provide Comfort) at Haifa for the first Joint Task Force Operation at sea in the European Theater, Exercise Juniper Falconry II. From 1–7 April, she was underway for JUniper Falconry II, with a two-day port visit in Haifa on 3–4 April. From 7–9 April, she visited Haifa again for exercise debriefs and to disembark the Joint Task Force.
Feeding.
Labour was transferred to work on the from La Fère to Rethel and labour battalions were sent to work on the forward positions on the Aisne front on 23 February. The German strategic reserve rose to by the end of March and the Aisne front was reinforced with the First Army, released by Operation Alberich and other divisions, which raised the number to line and reserve on the Aisne by early April. The French (GAN) attacked the Hindenburg Line at St. Quentin on 13 April with no success and the "decisive" offensive, by the French (GAR) began on 16 April, between Vailly and Rheims. The French breakthrough attempt was defeated but forced the Germans to abandon the area between Braye, Condé and Laffaux and withdraw to the Hindenburg Line from Laffaux Mill, along the Chemin des Dames to Courtecon. The German armies in France were still short of reserves, despite the retirements to the Hindenburg Line and divisions depleted by during the Nivelle Offensive and then replaced by those in reserve, had to change places with the counter-attack divisions, rather than be withdrawn altogether.
