<doc id="32742186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32742186" title="Church of el Carmen (Madrid)">

Aphaenandra is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. The type species is "Aphaenandra sumatrana", now considered a synonym of "Aphaenandra uniflora". The genus is found from Thailand, Myanmar (Burma), Laos, Vietnam, Java and Sumatra.
Manbazar II (community development block)
There were hopes that England could make the 405 runs for victory on the now flat pitch, but these were soon dispelled when Amiss, Lloyd and Cowdrey were out with 10 runs on the board and Lillee 2/0. Lillee (4/69) and Walker (3/83) were able to swing the ball and Amiss picked up his second pair against Australia, having done this before at Old Trafford in 1968. Cowdrey was taken by a low left-handed catch by Mallett in the gully "that those who were not present would not believe". Ian Chappell decided to feed Denness's favourite cut and stationed Jenner at fly-slip while Lillee bowled outside off-stump, the captain duly cut and was out for 14. The lanky Greig played over a low ball from Walker and by the end of the day England were 94/5, thanks mainly to Fletcher's 39. The following day Fletcher and Knott took 15 runs off Lillee's first over and their fifty partnership came up in 51 minutes against the spin of Jenner and Mallett. Lillee had Fletcher lbw on his return when a yorker hit the Essex-man's toe and he was reluctantly out for 63 at 144/6. Knott made his fourth fifty of the series and he and Titmus made 50 runs in even time. Jenner went round the wicket and bowled googlies at Titmus as if he were an off-spinner and rapped him on the pads three times in a row without playing a stroke, the third producing a lbw decision from the umpire. Mallett bowled a spell of 2/1 off 8 overs; Underwood caught at grass level by Ian Chappell and Arnold bowled, both making pairs like Amiss. This left England 217/9 and Knott quickly cut his way to a century, the first by an England keeper against Australia since Les Ames at Lords in 1934, Ames being at Adelaide to congratulate his fellow Man of Kent. He made an unbeaten 106 when Willis was out and England were dismissed for 241.
Eligius Pruystinck (fl. 1525 - 24 October 1544) was a Dutch slater who became leader of a radical Anabaptist faction in Antwerp. Martin Luther warned the Protestant community at Antwerp against him. After recanting he was burned at the stake at Antwerp.
These are small to medium sized moths, females larger; eyes naked; male and female antennae bipectinate along their length; proboscis reduced; legs long, slender; foretibia bearing a ribbon-like epiphysis; forewing elongate, rounded on the outer margin; forewing pattern has alternate dark and pale spots and bands transversely; hindwing uniform.
