Notable alumni.
See also.

Personal life and retirement.
In the latter half of 1975, DeMeo became a silent partner in a peep show/prostitution establishment in New Jersey after the owner of the business became unable to pay his loansharking debts. DeMeo also began dealing in pornography, including bestiality, which he sold to his New Jersey establishment as well as connections he had in Rhode Island. When his superior Nino Gaggi found out about DeMeo's involvement in such taboo films, he ordered DeMeo to stop under the threat of death. DeMeo did not stop however and Gaggi continued to accept his weekly payments. Gaggi's nephew Dominick Montiglio claimed that the subject was simply never mentioned between the two men after the initial confrontation, and as long as DeMeo continued to provide copiously for his boss the violation of his order was never addressed.

Laws and collections of laws promulgated by public authority.
Developments of the planimeter can establish the position of the first moment of area (center of mass), and even the second moment of area.
Conacher remained in senior hockey and while playing for the North Toronto Seniors in 1923, was a part of the first hockey game ever broadcast on radio. That summer, he received an offer from Roy Schooley, the manager of the Duquesne Gardens and owner of the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets of the United States Amateur Hockey Association (USAHA), to play for his team. While he would retain his amateur status, Schooley set Conacher up with a job in the insurance business and paid his university tuition so that he could improve his education. He brought many of his teammates with him to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, all of whom received jobs in the community, and he attended school at Bellefonte Academy for a year before enrolling at Duquesne University.
Lounge cars carry a bar and public seating. They usually have benches, armchairs or large swivelling chairs along the sides of the car. They often have small tables for drinks, or may be large enough to play cards. Some lounge cars include small pianos and are staffed by contracted musicians to entertain the passengers.
Secondary schools.

Semester at Sea has used a number of ships as its floating campus, including the MS "Seven Seas" (formerly the USS "Long Island"), the SS "Ryndam" (not the later freighter of that name), the SS "Universe" (formerly the SS Atlantic) and the SS "Universe Explorer". One ship SAS intended to use, the S.S. "Seawise University" (formerly the RMS "Queen Elizabeth"), burned and sank in Hong Kong Harbour during its conversion into a floating campus in 1972, and consequently was never used for students. The "Universe Explorer", retired in 2005, had a structure of four main decks with a small swimming pool in the stern of the ship. The "Seawise University", "Universe", and "Universe Explorer" were supplied and managed by Tung Chao Yung's Seawise Foundation. Concerns about the split between the Institute for Shipboard Education and the Seawise Foundation as well as the safety of the MV "Explorer" contributed to the University of Pittsburgh severing ties with the program in 2005.
The song, "Waiting for My Real Life to Begin", has been featured in eight television series: "Scrubs" (sung by the cast), "Dawson's Creek", "The Hills", "What About Brian", "Cane", "The Cleaner", "Judging Amy" (Season 2, Episode 22 'Hold on Tight' end sequence), "Miami Medical", and "Brothers & Sisters".
Publication history.

As part of independent Indonesia, Bogor began to play a significant role in the cultural, scientific and economic development of the country and West Java in particular – primarily due to the infrastructure built during the colonial period. Its special position was further reinforced by the transformation of the former summer residence of the governor-general into the summer palace of the President of Indonesia. In the 1990s–2000s, the city regularly hosted various international events, such as ministry-level meetings of the Asia-Pacific institutions and the APEC summit of 15 November 1994. Since 2008, a Christian church congregation in Bogor has been embroiled with Islamic fundamentalists over the building permit for their new church.
The party and its antecedents played an important role in the early years of Venezuelan democracy. The "Agrupación Revolucionaria de Izquierda" (ARDI) was founded in 1931 in Colombia by Rómulo Betancourt and other exile Venezuelans. In 1936 this became the "Movimiento de Organización Venezolana" (ORVE), which was then dissolved into the "Partido Democrático Nacional" (PDN). Finally, in 1941, after Isaías Medina Angarita legalized all political parties, Acción Democrática was founded by Betancourt and others. These included Rómulo Gallegos, Andrés Eloy Blanco, Luis Beltrán Prieto, Juan Oropeza, Luis Lander, Raúl Ramos, Medardo Medina, Enrique H. Marín, Rafael Padrón, Fernando Peñalver, Luis Augusto Dubuc, César Hernández, José V. Hernández and Ricardo Montilla. Gallegos was a highly prestigious writer, the author of the iconic novel, "Doña Bárbara" (1929), among several others, while Andrés Eloy Blanco was a celebrated Venezuelan poet and a witty humoristic writer.
External links.
Frank Hawkins Underhill, (November 26, 1889 – September 16, 1971) was a Canadian journalist, essayist, historian, social critic and political thinker.
<doc id="1104639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1104639" title="Plant breeders' rights">
The Bureau of the Senate is composed of the President, the three Vice-Presidents, the floor leaders of the fractions that are represented in the standing committees and the Quaestors. Currently, the only fraction whose floor leader is not a member of the Bureau is the Ecolo Fraction, which has only two members. The Bureau leads the day-to-day activities of the Senate and convenes at least once a week in order to manage the work of the Senate. The Bureau determines the legislative agenda and the order of business in the plenary assembly and the committees, decides upon the lists of speakers, and manages the internal affairs of the Senate. A member of the Federal Government is usually invited to attend the discussions about the legislative agenda. The Bureau also assists the President in the conduct of parliamentary business. In addition, the Bureau also appoints and dismisses the staff of the Senate on the advice of the College of Quaestors.
