Lockett's spectacular career was marred by several high profile tribunal appearances. The most famous was in an 11-goal match for St Kilda against his future club Sydney in 1994, when he broke Peter Caven's cheek-bone as he led out from full-forward and the unaware Caven was back-tracking for the ball. The incident resulted in an eight-week suspension for charging.
The mid-20th century.
In the early years of the Russian Civil War, both Red and White armies based in Vladivostok nearly wiped out the local Siberian tigers. In 1935, when the Manchurian Chinese were driven back across the Amur and the Ussuri, the tigers had already withdrawn from their northern and western range. The few that remained in the East Manchurian mountains were cut off from the main population by the building of railroads. Within a few years, the last viable Siberian tiger population in Russia was confined to Ussuriland. At this time it was on the brink of extinction with only about 40 remaining animals in the wild. Legal tiger hunting within the Soviet Union continued until 1947 when it was officially prohibited. Under the Soviet Union, anti-poaching controls were strict and a network of protected zones (zapovedniks) were instituted, leading to a rise in the population to several hundred. 
"Fear and Desire" opens with an off-screen narrator (actor David Allen) who tells the audience:
Phil Senter's 2011 article, "The Defeat of Flood Geology by Flood Geology", in the journal "Reports of the National Center for Science Education", discusses "sedimentologic and other geologic features that Flood geologists have identified as evidence that particular strata cannot have been deposited during a time when the entire planet was under water ... and distribution of strata that predate the existence of the Ararat mountain chain." These include continental basalts, terrestrial tracks of animals, and marine communities preserving multiple in-situ generations included in the rocks of most or all Phanerozoic periods, and the basalt even in the younger Precambrian rocks. Others, occurring in rocks of several geologic periods, include lake deposits and eolian (wind) deposits. Using their own words, Flood geologists find evidence in every Paleozoic and Mesozoic period, and in every epoch of the Cenozoic period, indicating that a global flood could not have occurred during that interval.
8426 East Shea Boulevard

History.
Knowles married Daniel Smith in February 2004 when she was 17 and he was 19. On October 18, 2004, Knowles gave birth to their son, Daniel Julez J. Smith, Jr. Knowles has partly expressed regret that she bore a child at an early age, but calls her son the greatest unplanned blessing. A song she wrote for her baby, "6 O'Clock Blues", was included on "Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams". After Daniel Julez's birth, the family moved to Moscow, Idaho, where Knowles' husband continued studying in college. In October 2007, Solange confirmed in an interview with "Essence" magazine that she and Smith had divorced. They co-parent the child. After the divorce, Knowles and her child moved to Los Angeles, California, where they established their new home. In August 2013, Knowles announced that she and her son were moving to New Orleans, Louisiana. May 19, 2014, Beyonce and Jay Z were visiting Knowles and her son in New Orleans, without security.
Both East and West hold that each person is not called to atone for the actual sin committed by Adam and Eve. 
The absorption spectrum of Orange GGN and Sunset Yellow is nearly identical in visible and ultraviolet range, but they can be distinguished by their IR spectra.
Plasmodium life cycle.
The toponym is derived from the Old English for either "spying place" or the place of a person called "Speol". It was first recorded in the "Cartularium Saxonicum" in AD 1010 as "Speoles byrig". In 1086 the Domesday Book recorded the village as "Spelesberie".
Canberra.
Mallove was murdered in 2004 while cleaning out his former childhood home, which had been rented out. Three people have been arrested and charged in connection with the killing. The first trial resulted in a guilty plea to manslaughter in April, 2012.
TPM
The original farming and fishing villages on the island were relocated to Chek Lap Kok Village (赤鱲角村) near Tung Chung on Lantau Island. A Tin Hau Temple had been built in 1823 at the north east of the island. The entire temple was built of granite quarried on the island. It was dismantled in 1991 and rebuilt in 1994 at its present location.

Non-functional requirements, which are unverifiable at the software level, must still be kept as a documentation of customer intent. However, they may be traced to process requirements that are determined to be a practical way of meeting them. For example, a non-functional requirement to be free from backdoors may be satisfied by replacing it with a process requirement to use pair programming. Other non-functional requirements will trace to other system components and be verified at that level. For example system reliability is often verified by analysis at the system level. Avionics software with its complicated safety requirements must follow the DO-178B development process.
Symptoms.
The IDS is taller on two measures. The IDS's communications spires add a significant amount of height making it , and it remains the tallest building in Minneapolis if measured by number of stories (57 vs. 56; actually tied for first with neighbor Wells Fargo Center).
Baalei Lashon Hara.
Cahan was a member of the Nova Scotia Legislature for Shelbourne, 1890–94; an unsuccessful candidate to the House of Commons for Shelbourne and Queen's, 1896, and for Cumberland, 1900; declined nomination for Montreal, 1911; unsuccessful candidate for Maisonneuve, P.Q., 1917; declined portfolio in Dominion Cabinet, 1896; was for several years Hon. Secretary, Halifax Branch, Imperial Federation League; Hon. Secretary, Liberal-Conservative Association, Nova Scotia; Leader of Liberal-Conservative Party in Nova Scotia Legislature, 1890–94. For some time Charles Cahan was the Director of Public Safety for Canada during the war.
