Description.
In 857 the Holy Roman Emperor Charles the Bald ordered Horik to give up his lands between the Eider River and the North Sea in retaliation for Viking raids on Paris and the Loire Valley. Rorik of Dorestad was attempting carve out a Frisian kingdom between the Saxons and the Danes with the help of the emperor. Rorik had a claim on the throne as valid as Horik's, and after three failed attempts to take Schleswig, he enlisted the emperor's help. While Rorik was off on a Viking raid, other Vikings sacked his capital at Dorestad. Horik was able to hold onto southern Denmark in spite of Rorik and the emperor's demands. Horik prevented a thinly veiled attempt to add southern Denmark to the Carolingian Empire.
"Nakusp" was commissioned by the Columbia and Kootenay Steam Navigation Company to replace the sternwheeler "Columbia" which had burned in 1894. Capt. James W. Troup, the company's superintendent, designed "Nakusp". 
The character has also appeared in the "King of Queens" episode "Rayny Day".

<doc id="17030903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17030903" title="Mălușteni">
"The Little Things" is the third single from Colbie Caillat's 2007 debut album, "Coco". It is a pop, folk-pop, acoustic song written by Colbie Caillat and Jason Reeves. The single didn't chart well in the US and was her weakest charting single from her album "Coco". In 2008, she recorded a French translated version of this song. 
She was delivered to her owners in August 1935 and made a series of cruises from Tilbury Docks, London, the first of which was to Norway. On 29 September 1935 she sailed from Tilbury on her maiden voyage to Australia. "Orion" alternated between voyages to Australia with short cruises until the outbreak of World War II, when she was requisitioned by the British government as a troopship. 
During the course of the war, Australian nurses were granted their own administration rather than working under medical officers. Australian Nurses hold the record for the maximum number of triage cases processed by a casualty station in a twenty four hour period during the battle of Passchendale. Their work routinely included administering ether during haemostatic surgery and managing and training medical assistants (orderlies).

Chukka boots, desert boots or turf boots are ankle-length boots with two or three pairs of eyelets for lacing.They are usually made from calfskin or suede, although they have also been made from more exotic materials such as crocodile. They were popular in the late 1940s and 1950s as casual wear. The name chukka comes from the game of polo, where a "chukka" is a period of play. A form of chukka boots worn by British forces in the Western Desert Campaign of World War II are desert boots. Desert boots have a crepe rubber sole.

Von Erthal's submission to Rome was only a pretended one. He continued his opposition and on 2 June 1788, requested Emperor Joseph II, in the name of himself and the three other archbishops, to bring the affair concerning the German nuncios before a Diet. But soon the archbishops discovered that all the estates were opposed to the "Punctation" and that a diet would rather retard than accelerate the fulfilment of their wishes. For this reason they addressed a letter to Rome (1 December 1788) asking the pope to put an end to the unedifying ecclesiastical dissensions in Germany by withdrawing the faculties from the nuncios and by sending representatives to the German estates with authority to come to an amicable agreement regarding the other demands of the archbishops. 
In course of his career, he treated several notable persons of those days, including the author Bankimchandra Chattopadhyay, the ascetic Ramakrishna, the Maharaja of Tripura and others.

Gareth Charles Evans (born 26 April 1988) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Fleetwood Town.
According to the 2011 census, Viluppuram had a population of 96,253, with a sex-ratio of 1,019 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 10,217 were under the age of six, including 5,133 males and 5,084 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 12.53% and .29% of the population respectively. The literacy of the town was 80.59%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of  22,832 households. There were a total of 33,597 workers, comprising 315 cultivators, 388 main agricultural labourers, 964 working in house hold industries, 27,123 other workers, and 4,807 marginal workers, composed of 65 marginal cultivators, 344 marginal agricultural labourers, 616 marginal workers in household industries and 3,782 other marginal workers.
Walther von Mumm
In 2009, Europe hosted the IBAF World Cup, the first time in history the Baseball World Cup was not hosted by a specific country. Prague hosted Group A of the pool round, and the Czech Republic team finished 20th, going 0–3 with losses to Australia, Mexico and Chinese Taipei.
