The official slogan of the company is "让改变发生" "Ràng Gǎibiàn Fāshēng" in Chinese, translated to "Make The Change" in English.
Albania once possessed a stockpile of weapons of mass destruction. This stockpile of chemical weapons included of mustard agent, lewisite, adamsite, and chloroacetophenone. 

He died of a stroke November 9, 2003, in Queen of Angels-Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center, Hollywood, California.
Born into a leading Basque family, his mother was a great-aunt of Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Society of Jesus. In 1489 he was appointed to the chapel of Queen Isabella and in 1495 became "maestro di capilla" to Prince Don Juan, returning to the Queen's service after the Prince's death in 1497, and in 1504 to that of the new Queen, Joanna the Mad. He held various church benefices, from 1518 as Abbot of Arbós, town located at the province of Tarragona, as a chaplain at Granada Cathedral, spending his final years in a Franciscan convent he had founded in Azpeitia.
Many spiritual leaders, such as Tibetan Buddhist lama Sogyal Rinpoche, believe that Flowerdew's experience offers highly suggestive evidence for the existence of rebirth or reincarnation.
<doc id="12482972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12482972" title="Sulphur-throated finch">
A triple-click within a paragraph in the text area selects the entire paragraph.
The timberline sparrow ("Spizella breweri taverneri") is a taxonomically controversial American sparrow. Usually treated as a subspecies of Brewer's sparrow, it is still considered a distinct species Spizella taverneri by many authorities. While the timberline sparrow recognizably differs in some details, there is little reproductive isolation between the taxa.


Winners: 1954
It is endemic to Venezuela.
Boys: 
<doc id="12485099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12485099" title="Tawny-crested tanager">
The army had in 1935 first suggested to DAF to produce some British type under licence. Although officially the Netherlands adhered to a policy of the strictest neutrality, it was hoped that by secret negotiations it could be arranged that the British would send an expeditionary force in case of a German attack and that some communality of equipment would facilitate such future cooperation. Also the army considered British armoured cars to be the best available. However it transpired that DAF had already developed an indigenous design, which it claimed to be more advanced then any British armoured car.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
Qadirabad Headworks is a headworks on the River Chenab in Mandi Bahauddin District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.
It may also be a misspelling of Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.

However, in 1983, the regular army had been sidelined, and the religious militias were now made the mainstay of the Iranian military. This was because the army had always been seen by the religious government of Iran as a source of possible opposition against the regime, a regime which had only been established in 1979, and which still had plenty of enemies. This meant that, against a formidable Iraqi defence, which should have demanded even "more" co-operation between the army and the militias, the attack only consisted of World War I-type human-wave attacks; with meagre artillery, tank, and aerial support. In the meantime, Iraq had initiated the first War of the Cities, launching missiles against Iranian cities. The Iranians responded in kind, and this spurned on pressure for an Iranian offensive as soon as possible in 1984.
1995 Election.
Carrington is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. In 1997 he received an honorary doctorate (Doctor of Humane Letters) from Livingstone College, North Carolina.
<doc id="12487542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12487542" title="Sumatran babbler">
Behaviour.
Club career.
The tylas vanga ("Tylas eduardi") is a species of bird in the Vangidae family. It is monotypic within the genus Tylas. It is endemic to Madagascar. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.

In 2008, of vineyard surface was in production within the AOC, and 28 hectoliters of wine were produced, corresponding to around 3,700 bottles.
