If we replace codice_54 with codice_55, we can build lazy streams:
Although rows of Price's houses have a standardised look, the extensive use of individual details in areas such as gables and windows mean that no two adjacent buildings look the same, although individual details were often repeated further down the road.
The approximate cost of the vehicle was $72,000, which contributed to the early halting of production. The high profile (height) of the vehicle was also a negative factor. Additionally, the engine air cooling vents were considered to be vulnerable to small arms fire. However, the reliability of its drive system was far superior to that of its replacement, the M59 (APC).

It is not certain whether Iset was a concubine or a secondary wife of Thutmose II. She also received the title ""God's Wife"", but probably only posthumously. The mummy of queen Iset was found in DB320, and is now located in the Cairo Egyptian Museum.
His candidacy was endorsed by "The Washington Post" and "The Virginian-Pilot". He was defeated by Republican candidate Ken Cuccinelli on November 3, 2009.
2. A-ha: 'You Are The One' (remix) 
The character Koba was admired and used as a pseudonym by Joseph Stalin, who was born in Georgia. Koba's vengeful characteristics, embodiment of traditional Georgian knightly ideals, and his simplistic moral code of honesty and loyalty appealed to Stalin, legitimizing his illicit operations as he turned to revolutionary activity.
In Saigon the two senior Vichy officials, General Emile-René Lemonnier and Resident Camille Auphalle, were executed by decapitation, after refusing to sign surrender documents. The most determined French resistance was at Dong Dang where a company of Tonkinese Rifles and a battery of colonial artillery held out for three days before being massacred. 


During World War II, Waco produced large numbers of military gliders for the RAF and US Army Air Forces for airborne operations, especially during the Normandy Invasion and Operation Market Garden. The Waco CG-4 was the most numerous of their glider designs to be produced. At the same time Waco produced over 600 of its UPF-7 open biplanes and 21 VKS-7F cabin biplanes for the Civilian Pilot Training Program, which supplemented the output of the military training establishments. 42 privately owned models of sixteen types were impressed into service as light transports and utility aircraft with the USAAF under the common designation C-72/UC-72.
Gampola
Jonathan Bixby is a swing dance performer and instructor in Santa Barbara, California. Jonathan is a member of the California Swing Dance Hall of Fame, he is perhaps most famous for the role he and his original partner Sylvia Sykes played in reviving the now popular but once nearly extinct dance Balboa. Although he has retired from teaching classes with Sylvia, he remains available for private instruction.
The Turkish singer Rüya Çağla song it with lyrics was written by herself. It was found in her "Lambada" album, which was released in 1990
Architecture and art.
Gila trout.
This list of Colorado companies includes notable companies that are, or once were, headquartered in Colorado.
He was top scorer for Bohs during the 1925/26 season. His goalscoring record for that season showed a total of 23 goals in 25 games in all competitions. This places him in the top 20 goalscoring seasons of all time for Bohemians.
He befriended and helped Aimé Pallière (1868–1949), who has remained as the Noahide (B'nei Noah) par excellence.
Unitarian.
Liane Bahler (22 January 1982, Gotha – 4 July 2007, Rudolstadt) was a German professional racing cyclist.
Donald E. Bently
