The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, also known as Farmer Mac (), is a stockholder-owned, publicly traded company that was chartered by the United States federal government in 1988 to serve as a secondary market in agricultural loans such as mortgages for agricultural real estate and rural housing. The company purchases loans from agricultural lenders, and sells instruments backed by those loans. The company also works with the United States Department of Agriculture. It is based in Washington, D.C.
USS Charlotte (SSN-766)
In 1992 the Walcha Telecottage was established to become the first telecentre established in Australia. The Telecottage is a not for profit community with the latest information communication facilities, in order to activate interactions between the local communities and to create employment opportunities. This Telecottage carries out not only the fundamental types of work such as job training, remote education, secretarial service and data analysis, but also Internet access service for individuals and small companies. Walcha Telecottage produces a weekly community newsletter, the Apsley Advocate, which is free and delivered to over 1,600 commercial and private addresses.
Much confusion has been caused by different renditions of the composer's names. In the Polish language (i.e. prior to his move to the USSR), his name was spelled as 'Mieczysław Wajnberg', whereas in the Russian language (i.e. after the move) he was and still is known as 'Моисей Самуилович Вайнберг' ("Moisey Samuilovich Vaynberg"). In the world of Yiddish theater of antebellum Warsaw he was known as "Moishe Weinberg" (), which is analogous to the Russian "Moisey". Among close friends he would also go by his Polish diminutive 'Mietek'. Re-transliteration of his surname from Cyrillic ("Вайнберг") back into the Latin alphabet produced a variety of spellings, including 'Weinberg', 'Vainberg', and 'Vaynberg'. The form 'Weinberg' is now being increasingly used as the most frequent English-language rendition of this common Jewish surname, notably in the latest edition of Grove and by Weinberg's biographer, Per Skans.
"Unless otherwise indicated, all race results are taken from "
Roman-fleuve.
The Ritz Club.
"Ulmann's words angered Times publisher Otis Chandler, and only Ulmann was surprised when the biggest daily paper in Los Angeles and most of the local media completely ignored the event."
section began competing in 1985. In 1996 the team reached the Premier Division (Damallsvenskan) only to be relegated the following year. In 1998 they were promoted again and have since remained in the top division. Umeå IK has won seven Swedish championships (2000, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008), four Swedish Cups (2001, 2002, 2003 and 2007) and the UEFA Women's Champions League twice, in 2003 and 2004. They also reached the Champions League finals in 2002, 2007 and 2008.
<doc id="1122371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1122371" title="1967 German Grand Prix">
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America has long maintained a mission, Our Saviour's Lutheran Church, at the reservation. Toward the end of 1999, Rev. Joseph W. Bailey Sr. was joined by Christian youth groups from around the country; together they built a new sanctuary and outdoor chapel, and started work on a retreat center.

The English East India Company was first permitted to set up its own garrison in 1665 to guard its settlements. Notable amongst the early operations of the Company's forces were the defence of the city from Mughal and Maratha invaders and from the incursions of the Nawab of Carnatic. In 1713, the Madras forces under Lieutenant John de Morgan distinguished themselves in the siege of Fort St David and in putting down Richard Raworth's Rebellion.

The 1977 British Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Silverstone on 16 July 1977. It was won by James Hunt driving a McLaren M26, and marked the debut of Canadian driver Gilles Villeneuve. The race was the first outing for the first turbocharged Formula One car, the Renault RS01, driven by Jean-Pierre Jabouille.

Even with these teams defecting and starting the race, there were only 14 starters for the San Marino Grand Prix, of which at the time only the Ferraris and Renaults were considered competitive teams. This did not discourage the "tifosi", maybe even the opposite, since it improved Ferrari's chances, and the venue was full of spectators.
Lauda's McLaren MP4/2 broke its water pump at half-distance. Shortly afterwards Winkelhock stopped and Andrea de Cesaris crashed his Ligier JS23. Piquet found himself third behind after the stops but faded as the race neared its conclusion. Arnoux moved into third until he was caught by Rosberg. Piquet's BMW engine blew and with a lap to go Rosberg ran out of fuel, allowing Arnoux to join Alboreto and Warwick on the podium. Alboreto had given Goodyear its first win in Formula One. Rosberg was classified fourth. De Angelis finished fifth in his Lotus with Stefan Bellof completing the points finishers in his Tyrrell 012. Just nine cars finished although eleven were classified including the late retirements of Rosberg and Piquet.
The 1985 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Nürburgring on August 4, 1985. It was the ninth round of the 1985 FIA Formula One World Championship.

After missing the previous two races in Belgium and Italy due to illness, Nigel Mansell was back in his Williams-Judd. Other than complaints of a sore neck he never missed a beat and qualified a fine 6th, less than 0.1 behind Gugelmin, though he knew it would be a long race which would test his fitness.
<doc id="1123072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1123072" title="USS S-10 (SS-115)">
The race was won by Ayrton Senna, with Nigel Mansell in second position, and Gerhard Berger's third place finish plus Senna's victory meant that the McLaren team clinched the Constructor's championship. Mansell was unable to take part in the post race podium ceremony, following a crash at the end of the race that left him requiring hospital treatment. Gerhard Berger, Senna's McLaren teammate, finished in third position. Because less than seventy-five percent of the scheduled race distance had been completed, only half the normal World Championship points were awarded. This was also Nelson Piquet's last Formula One race.
<doc id="1123162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1123162" title="1993 San Marino Grand Prix">
Race.
This was also the first race to have a single qualifying session on Saturday afternoon; the Friday session had been dropped for 1996.
Hill, as defending world champion, until then had experienced a bad year in the back runner Arrows-Yamaha car and was 17th in overall championship standings. But arriving at Hungary he set the fifth fastest time on Friday practice after just a single flying lap, after sitting for 55 minutes in the garage while his mechanics tore the gearbox off the car, looking for an electronic sensor problem. Later Hill qualified in 3rd place behind Villeneuve with Michael Schumacher claiming pole position. Hill's teammate Pedro Diniz qualified in 18th position.
The Qualifying session was run as a one-hour session held on Saturday afternoon. Schumacher clinched his third consecutive pole position in his Ferrari, with a time of 1:36.293. He was joined on the front row by Hakkinen, who was one-tenths of a second behind. Coulthard was third in the other McLaren. Irvine took fourth in the second Ferrari, with Frentzen taking fifth despite going off into the gravel late in the session.
References.
