
1862 saw the launch of Leskov's literary career, with the publication of "The Extinguished Flame" (later re-issued as "The Drought") in the March issue of "Vek" magazine, edited by Grigory Eliseev, followed by the short novels "Musk-Ox" (May 1863) and "The Life of a Peasant Woman" (September, 1863). In August the compilation "Three stories by M. Stebnitsky" came out. Another trip, to Riga in summer, resulted in a report on the Old Believers community there, which was published as a brochure at the end of the year.
"El Cid" was nominated for three Academy Awards, for Best Art Direction (Veniero Colasanti, John Moore), Original Music Score for Miklós Rózsa and Best Song.

Geography.
Most of the Gush Katif settlements were concentrated in one block on the southwest edge of the Gaza Strip and were individually surrounded by fencing.
The stories in this collection form a series of snapshot glimpses into the history of the Confederation leading up to the time of Joshua Calvert and Quinn Dexter, two of the main characters in "The Night's Dawn Trilogy". During the early 1990s Hamilton wrote several short stories centered around the affinity technology - and they became the inspiration to write "Night's Dawn".
Starting in 1997 the Wildhearts began to release multiple formats of singles. Previously, the band had been strenuously against multi-formatting, regarding the practice as a rip-off to fans. However, during the "Endless, Nameless" period the band released the two singles from the album in multiple formats, including two CD singles with two B-sides on each, and a 7" single with one B-side, with all the songs from the "Anthem" single being cover versions. Many of the band's fans were angry about this practice, with some even handing out fliers against the practice outside Wildhearts shows. Ginger reacted with frustration, saying that they were simply trying to bring more music to the fans. A change in chart eligibility for singles was probably also responsible, as a four-track single (or EP) would no longer be allowed to qualify for the British singles charts, but multiple formats were allowed with a maximum of three tracks or unlimited remixes so long as the running time was under 20 minutes. The band's label may have insisted on these changes as the only way to compete in the singles market of that time.
With John Jenkins
Around this time, Harington also devised Britain's first flushing toilet – called the Ajax (i.e., a "jakes" - "jakes" being an old slang word for toilet) . It was installed at his manor in Kelston. In 1596, Harington wrote a book called "A New Discourse upon a Stale Subject: The Metamorphosis of Ajax" about his invention. He published it under the pseudonym of Misacmos. The book made political allusions to the Earl of Leicester that angered the Queen. The book was a coded attack on the "stercus" or excrement that was poisoning society with torture and state-sponsored "libels" against his relatives Thomas Markham and Ralph Sheldon. After the publication of this work he was again banished from the court. The Queen's mixed feelings for him may have been the only thing that saved Harington from being tried at Star Chamber. The work itself enjoyed considerable popularity on its publication in 1596.
Color television.
Helen Alexandros.
Over a 24 hour period, 17-year-old sisters Jane and Roxy Ryan, adversaries who begrudgingly journey together from their Long Island home to New York, where the uptight overachiever and Straight A student Jane (Ashley Olsen) is due to deliver a speech to qualify for a prestigious college scholarship abroad. Meanwhile, laid-back punk-rock rebel Roxy (Mary-Kate Olsen) hopes to get backstage at an underground music video shoot for punk-pop band Simple Plan so that she can slip her demo tape to the group. Roxy and Jane’s plans go awry when a mix-up involving Jane’s day planner lands them in the middle of a shady black-market transaction. Pursued by an overzealous truant officer (Eugene Levy) and accused of kidnapping a dog belonging to a senator, the Ryans must find a way to work together to thwart the forces threatening to jeopardize Jane’s college dreams and ship Roxy off to a convent school. Romantic interest comes in the form of a Senator's bad boy son (Jared Padalecki) and a bike messenger (Riley Smith).
2001
