As is tradition during each session of the General Assembly, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon drew lots to see which member state would take the helm at the first seat in the General Assembly Chamber. On 8 June 2012, Jamaica was chosen to lead the chamber, while the other member states would follow according to the English translation of their name, the same order would be followed in the six main committees.
Saray Gonzales Duque<br>
3. Recitation and Perception of the Contemporary Arabic Texts, Tehran, Islamic Azad University, 2001

"Rolling Stone" first reported that Julian Lennon was donating his 1993 song 'Children of the World' to be a track on the album. However, one issue that received public attention was Julian Lennon's criticism of an Examiner article after publishing several details wrong. Lennon blasted the journalist responsible on both his website and facebook page until the article was corrected.

Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System is the government agency that is in charge of water privatization in Metro Manila in the Philippines. It split the water concession into an east and a west concession with Manila Water being award one contract and Maynilad Water Services being awarded the other.
Leo Lee
Aminabad (, also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 6 families. 
"Mercedes Benz'" is a single released by Ghanaian British musician Sway from "The Delivery Mixtape". The single was released on 25 October 2009. It peaked at number 53 on the UK Singles Chart.
Tracye Lawyer (born August 28, 1977 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American heptathlete. In international competition, she won the heptathlon at the 2000 NACAC Under-25 Championships in Athletics. She also took silver at the inaugural NACAC Combined Events Championships in 2005.
Overview.
Gabri, Iran

The plant is important commercially. The pulverized mature fruits ("peppercorns" or "berries") known as "Japanese pepper" or "kona-zanshō" (). This is the standard spice for sprinkling on the broiled eel (kabayaki unagi) dish. It is also one of the seven main ingredients of the blended spice called "shichimi", which also contains red chili peppers.

Note: In the event of a draw, it is not necessary that the fighters' total "points" be equal. However, in a unanimous or split draw, each fighter does score an equal number of "win judgments" from the three judges (0 or 1, respectively).


The Gallinger Municipal Hospital Psychopathic Ward consisted of three hospital buildings in the Southwestern Quadrant of Washington, D.C. 
In Service.
In modern times, Nanjing University established the first Chinese language faculty. The first PhD in Literature in mainland China was also awarded by Nanjing University.


Sunil Kant Munjal
Station of the Methodist Missionary Society 18 km east of King William’s Town. It was established in 1825 by the Reverend S Kay and named after Dr Coke, founder of the Society.
Stage 1.
Logarithmic input/output behavior.
Tzohar Rabbinical Association operates on several levels to achieve these goals. The initial project and oldest association of marriage is an enterprise which is carried out every year with more than 3,000 couples by the rabbis of Tzohar without receiving compensation.
Co-location (satellite)
