Porostereum is a genus of fungi in the family Phanerochaetaceae.
Texas Rangers.
Disa purpurascens is a species of orchid found in South Africa (SW. Cape Prov.).
The thirty-fourth race of the season was run on October 4 at Wilson Speedway in Wilson, North Carolina. Herb Thomas won the pole.
Gauthier resigned his federal seat on 20 July 1944 in an unsuccessful bid to win a seat for the Quebec provincial wing of the Bloc populaire. Gauthier returned to the federal Liberals and was re-elected to Parliament in 1945. He was re-elected for further federal terms in 1949, 1953 and 1957. He was defeated in 1958 by Aristide Rompré of the Progressive Conservative party.
Akuglek Island
Discovery.
<doc id="23289286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23289286" title="Pete Overfield">
History.
Critical reception.
Mandalakkottai
<doc id="23290419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23290419" title="Scorpio Nights">
Digital versions.
Frank Launder stated later that he "should have treated the subject more seriously...that it would have been a bigger film if I concentrated less on the comedy and more on the drama".
"Put Your Faith In Me" is a song by Uzi-Lay.
Let's Get It Started.

Dendrobium amplum
In 1336, Takauji installed Kōgon's younger brother on the throne as Emperor Kōmyō. Go-Daigo fled to Yoshino, in Yamato Province and continued to lay proper claim to the throne, establishing what would come to be known as the Southern Court. Kōmyō's court remained in Kyoto and would come to be known as the Northern Dynasty. This marked the beginning of the Northern and Southern Courts Period of Japanese history, which lasted until 1392.


Galatasaray S.K. Superleague Formula team is the Superleague Formula racing team of Galatasaray SK, a multisports club, famous for its football section that competes in Turkey in the Süper Lig. The team competes in the Superleague Formula. It was operated in 2008 by Scuderia Playteam but in 2009 Ultimate Motorsport will run the team.
In the season two finale, Tara attempts to convince Gemma to not get revenge on those that raped her but is unsuccessful. She is present at Jax's home when Cameron Hayes appears and is tied to a chair by him before he kidnaps Abel Teller. Tara is untied by Jax and is able to tell him what has happened to his son. Jax and the rest of the club unsuccessfully try to save Abel while Tara is later seen being consoled by Deputy David Hale.
