
Madonna also met controversy while performing in the United States. Madonna created controversy at her performance in Washington D.C. when she urged fans to vote for President Barack Obama and claimed that he is a "Black Muslim" which was largely seen as offensive since President Obama is a Christian and has discussed about his faith in the past. Madonna clarified her statements by saying that she merely being ironic and said “Yes, I know Obama is not a Muslim — though I know that plenty of people in this country think he is. And what if he were? The point I was making is that a good man is a good man, no matter who he prays to. I don’t care what religion Obama is — nor should anyone else in America.” In her Los Angeles performance, Madonna dedicated her performance to Malala Yousafzai, a 14-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot by the Taliban for speaking out on her right to have an education. Madonna responded in the concert by saying "This made me cry. The 14-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot on a school bus for writing a blog… who wrote a blog about how important education was to her. The Taliban stopped her bus and shot her… Do you understand the sickness and absurdity of this?" Madonna went on to shout, "Support education! Support the people who support women!" Madonna showed the audience a written tattoo on her back with Malala's name on it.
The log is sawn by either a hydraulically operated chainsaw harvester bar, or on larger machines, a very large circular saw blade (slasher saw), or a guillotine powered either directly from a pto (tractor or engine powered) or by hydraulics. When the cut is completed, the "round" drops into position to be split in the next process. In some guillotine splitters the wood is split as the wood is cut.
<doc id="34635662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=34635662" title="William Hugh Young">
Appearance and description.
""... Poor Peggy! Her husband is an old acquaintance and a most worthy fellow. When I was taking leave of my Carrick relations, intending to go to the West Indies, when I took farewell of her, neither she nor I could speak a syllable. — Her husband escorted me three miles on my road, and we both parted with tears.""
Events.
2007/2008 - CSK Airforce, VHL: (level under KHL); by far the best scorer in the team.
Section 2.
The album was released in three different editions: CD & DVD Limited Press Edition, CD & DVD Edition, and the Regular CD Edition.
28 January 2012 Ukrainian Helsinki Human Rights Union suggested him for a position of ombudsman again. 
Problems.
