At the age of 25, she married Bill Southern in 1922, became pregnant and gave up flying, selling her business. Not much was heard about Neta Snook Southern in the years following her retirement but after Earhart disappeared during her famous flight in 1937, Snook began lecturing and speaking about her career in aviation and, later, wrote her autobiography, "I Taught Amelia To Fly". Neta flew for the first time in decades, when she was invited to pilot a replica of Charles Lindbergh's "Spirit of St. Louis" in 1977. In 1981, she was acknowledged as the oldest woman pilot in the United States. Neta died at age 95 on March 23, 1991 at her ranch home in California. One year after her death, Neta Snook Southern was inducted into the Iowa Aviation Hall of Fame.
During the "War of 1812" he rose to the rank of Colonel and served as assistant commissary-general during the years 1812 to 1815.
<doc id="8953342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8953342" title="List of registered political parties in Zaragoza">
The timeline of events in the War in Somalia during 2006 is set out below.
Maestro Antonini's musical legacy has been preserved on a variety of LP recordings which reflect his interest in symphonic compositions, popular music from Latin-America and grand opera. He has recorded for Coral Records, Columbia Masterworks and SESAC Records.
Known for his critically acclaimed, non-traditional interpretations of well-known roles, Dow has appeared as the emcee in "Cabaret", directed by Amanda Dehnert, the baker in "Into the Woods", directed by Peter Hinton and as Pseudolus in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", directed at Stratford by Des McAnuff and later in Washington, D.C., by Alan Paul.
Design and features.

The club finished first in the north-east championship round again in 2013–14, received a bye for the first round of the play-offs and, after defeating SC Neuenheim in the quarter finals, lost to TV Pforzheim in the semi finals.
Seattle Mascot.
<doc id="8956105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8956105" title="Broasting">
History.
the regiment was still standing, and who saved the situation was the Life regiment, Household Regiment led by Bielke. The king later said that his crown literally just then hung on Bielke's lance because he had next to God "my brave Bielke and Life regiment" to thank for the victory. The famous sword is still in the place of honor in the Bielke family possession.
The program was based on P2PTV technology and was expected to deliver (relaying) near-TV resolution images. It turned a PC into an instant on-demand TV with no need for an additional set-up box. News updates, discussion forums, show ratings, and multi-user chat sessions (often linked to the active stream/channel) were made possible through the use of semi-transparent widget overlays.
Continuing his good form from the previous matches, Jayasuriya knocked a fast 68 at a run rate of 178.94. The match was interrupted by rain during the eighth over, and after resuming it with a reduced target of 195 in 25 overs, Jayasuriya and Atapattu were dismissed with the score on 85 and 96 respectively. Ranatunga, Mahanama, and Kalpage all lost their wickets early to Robin Singh in their search for quick runs. Aravinda de Silva attempted to salvage the Sri Lankan innings, before he too was dismissed for 22. The Sri Lankan team were on 132/6 when bad light stopped play at about 6.05 pm after 19 overs, possibly denying India the chance of a win. The match was scheduled to be replayed the following day.
Mehaffey dropped out of filming to study voice and languages for over a year in New York City. Mehaffey returned to movies in "Sunrise Trail" (1931), a film which featured her playing opposite cowboy star Bob Steele. The motion picture was her first talkie movie.
In 1991 when the South College site was chosen as the location for the new Charlotte Convention Center, the demolition of the original rail span built in the 1950s was imminent. Its demolition became necessary as it would not properly align with the proposed design of the new convention center. As a result, it was demolished in 1991 even though it was a known route for a future light rail or trolley line into Uptown. The construction of the replacement span commenced in Spring 1999 and was complete by summer 2001.
His personal best time is 45.76 seconds, achieved in August 2003 in Tula.
Kia sold 67,000 cars into the US market in 2010—the first full sales year—followed by 102,000 in 2011 and 116,000 in 2012. They have sold 52,000 vehicles in the US through the first five months of 2013. 

Crustacean Records released "Hot Nuggets!", an IfIHadAHiFi/Modern Machines split CD/LP, in 2006. Each band performed six songs - one new song, one cover of the other band, and four additional covers.
<doc id="8960520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8960520" title="Holby City (series 1)">
Southern West Riding of Yorkshire (UK Parliament constituency)
At 10:10 am, Franz Ferdinand's car approached and Čabrinović threw his bomb. The bomb bounced off the folded back convertible cover into the street. The bomb's timed detonator caused it to explode under the next car, putting that car out of action, leaving a , crater, and wounding 16–20 people.
The district is centered on the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta and forms the gateway between the Central Valley, the San Francisco Bay Area, the Sacramento metropolitan area, and Gold Country.
4th Space Operations Squadron
Tom Cassel, Recording<br>
Although Magiciens served to counteract the ideology expressed in the two shows, Magiciens was also meant to resolve some long-standing problems of the format of the Paris Biennial. In years past, the French curatorial team would select the countries to be exhibited, and representatives from the respective countries would select artists that they deemed the greatest artistic talents of their nation. In the view of certain art critics, this method was seen to have failed for including non-Western artists who those critics regarded as second-rate practitioners (in style and content) of artistic movements that originated in the West. It was felt that these artists were not exemplary of the diversity of human cultures, and their work only strengthened Western hegemony. But other critics saw in such pronouncements as "second rate" and "originated in the West," the very eurocentrism these critics were reputedly denouncing, especially as many of the so-called "Western" styles could trace their origins to visual cultures outside and older than Western civilization. In this light, the lack of self-reflection by these critics, with regard to their own criteria and self-reference, showed the entire enterprise of Western criticism to be wanting of a deeper self-analysis, at the same time as it exposed an urgent need for a more thorough exposure to, and exchange with, cultures and histories still distinct from the West.
Habitat.
In the film, the Guide is depicted as a large metal book with a large screen instead of pages. Entries here are reached by voice activation (e.g. saying the word "Vogon" will bring up the article on Vogons, etc.) The visual graphics of the guide entries here were animated by Shynola.
Morpeth, Ontario
Evaporated materials deposit nonuniformly if the substrate has a rough surface (as integrated circuits often do). Because the evaporated material attacks the substrate mostly from a single direction, protruding features block the evaporated material from some areas. This phenomenon is called "shadowing" or "step coverage."
Bonar quarreled with his father-in-law, Andrew Bell, and the two men did not speak from 1799 to 1809, when Bell died. Bell's successor, Archibald Constable, wisely bought out Bonar's copyright for the 5th edition and kept him as an ally of the "Britannica".
