Sky City (store)
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is characterized by recurrent obsessional thoughts or compulsive acts. About 30% of children with autism spectrum disorders also have OCD.
Lavoisier is known for his role as Rex Balsom on the ABC soap opera, "One Life to Live". He has portrayed this character since 2002. During that same year, he also appeared in the horror movie "Wolves of Wall Street". 
Second Boer War.
The station announced that it would cease broadcasting at the end of July 2008, with owners UKRD handing back the license to regulators Ofcom. Fen Radio was the third station to do this, following their sister station Star Radio in Stroud and River FM in Livingston. Fen Radio closed down at 6pm on Thursday 31 July 2008, playing Survivors ""Eye Of The Tiger"" as their last song.
In a visit at the Palau Sant Jordi in Barcelona, Spain on July 11, 2005, Rowland announced before 16,000 spectators that Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin' It would be Destiny's Child last tour together, revealing their formal disbandment. After their final North American leg, the group parted ways. In a statement released to MTV, the band said that the tour had provided them the opportunity to depart from Destiny's Child on a "high note". They also talked about the moment when the group started their musical endeavor and their realizations of pursuing individual careers after working together for several years. Destiny's Child thanked fans for their support while not closing the chance of seeing them continuing each member's goals in music, film, and television. In another interview they explained that their disbandment was planned during the making of the album. While in the studio, they discussed individual aspirations and realized that remaining as a group would prevent them in pursuing those interests. Rowland revealed that they wanted to break up while they were still successful and "friends each other". Beyoncé, however, emphasized that "Destiny Fulfilled" would not be their last album and disclosed the idea of a possible reunion.
Amenities.
Monica Edwards' last new title (Badger Valley) was published in 1976. She spent the next twenty years in travelling, reading and studying natural history.
Friday, 18 April 
Soundtrack.
Alleged plagiarism.
Career and marriage.
<doc id="973318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=973318" title="Voice message">
The Germanicus trilogy is a collection of books following the adventures of Roman Emperor Germanicus Julius Agricola Aztecus Caesar in an alternate universe where Rome never fell.
The lagomorphs comprise two families, Leporidae (hares and rabbits), and Ochotonidae (pikas). Though they can resemble rodents, and were classified as a superfamily in that order until the early 20th century, they have since been considered a separate order. They differ from rodents in a number of physical characteristics, such as having four incisors in the upper jaw rather than two.
Biography.
Frank Zappa himself chose most of the artists for the Straight label. His original intention was to release albums by avant-garde artists on Bizarre, and recordings by more mainstream artists on Straight. However the original concept failed to work out as expected due to issues with record distribution and artist management. Frank Zappa, the Mothers of Invention, Wild Man Fischer, and Lenny Bruce certainly fit in at Bizarre, but all others ended up on Straight. This led to some very unusual albums on the Straight label especially those by Captain Beefheart, Alice Cooper and the GTOs. 

In September 1940, Roger purchased a small house that would eventually become the home of the Taizé community. Only miles south of the separation line that divided a war-torn country in half, Roger’s home became a sanctuary to countless war refugees seeking shelter. On November 11, 1942, the Gestapo occupied Roger’s house while he was in Switzerland collecting funds to aid in his refuge ministry. Roger was not able to return to his home in Taizé until the autumn of 1944, when France was liberated.
An Italian-Spanish group Bandidos has covered Lee's 'Wa" for their Euro-techno single called "Vamos Amigos" which became a hit in Europe. However this brought a controversy since Bandidos made the cover without permission and also neglected to credit the original.
Rebellion is a British video game company based in Oxford, known for the "Aliens vs. Predator" and "Sniper Elite" game series. It has published comic books since 2000 and launched its own book imprint, Abaddon Books, in 2006.
Mechanically, a partition or panel through which connectors pass, or a connector designed to pass through a partition.
History.
Marie Watt (born 1967) is a contemporary artist living and working in Portland, Oregon. Part Seneca, Watt has created work centered on contemporary Native American themes.
During the 1950s, British exhibitors consistently voted Hawkins one of the most popular local stars in the country in the annual poll conducted by the "Motion Picture Herald":
Filing options.
The terms "bowling" and "pitching", as words, both denote underarm deliveries, as were once required in both games. The rules for delivery were also initially very similar. Once overhand deliveries were permitted in the respective sports, and pitchers were compelled to toe the pitching rubber instead of throwing from anywhere within the "pitcher's box", the actions of bowling and pitching diverged significantly.
In October 2010 Zohn and his girlfriend and fellow "Survivor" champion Jenna Morasca appeared in the season premiere of "The Celebrity Apprentice 4", in which they made a $1,000 donation to fellow "Survivor" champion Richard Hatch's team.
Sunroof.
EMAP magazines.

<doc id="975026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=975026" title="Māori music">
GU commenced a number of international projects in the 1980s, forming Khartoum Polytechnic, Westbank University, Lerothli Polytechnic and developed more networks of Universities in Africa and Asia. There are currently links with the British Hellenic College and TEG Singapore. GU is a member of the Fair Trade Coalition.

In Series 5, a new system was introduced called the "Dance Off". The Dance Off is performed by the two couples with the lowest scores following the judges' scores and public vote. After performing their dance again, the judges are asked one-by-one who they would like to save, and the couple with more votes remains in the competition. If there is a tie, head judge Len Goodman has the deciding vote.
Geography.
The group is still active and tours frequently. The basic tracks for their latest studio album of original material, titled "2011", were recorded in early October 2010 and the album was released on April 5, 2011.
Draper was originally a term for a retailer or wholesaler of cloth that was mainly for clothing. A draper may additionally operate as a cloth merchant or a haberdasher. 


. On 29 April, she departed for the East China Sea. A change of orders assigned her to the Life Guard League, and, on 4 May, she rescued five crewmen from a ditched B-29 Superfortress. They were transferred to submarine two days later, and SS-397 continued to the Yellow Sea area. On 17 May, "Scabbardfish" fired a spread of torpedoes at a small freighter which was accompanied by two escorts. This proved to be a hunter-killer group, and when the torpedoes missed, they subjected the submarine to a grueling four-hour depth charge attack. The submarine sustained no serious damage and returned to Guam on 11 June to be refitted by submarine tender .
In late 2001 the model got its most significant host of upgrades, including minor styling changes, minor revisions to the interior, new optional equipment, larger brakes, a re-tuned suspension system, a standard traction control system, and optional electronic stability control. The updated model was renamed " Infiniti I35" to reflect an engine displacement increase from 3.0 to 3.5 liters, with the new "VQ35DE" V6, producing .
After John McCain selected Alaska Governor Sarah Palin to be his running mate, Amondson complimented the Republican for picking a "beautiful woman." Despite his own campaign, Amondson effectively endorsed McCain, revealing he would probably vote for McCain. Amondson attained ballot access in Colorado, Louisiana and Florida by Election Day, and received a total of 653 votes overall.
The identity of Jon's mother has created much speculation among readers of the series, and guessing her identity was actually the test Martin gave Benioff and Weiss when they approached him in March 2006 about adapting his novels into a TV series. The popular fan theory, based on anecdotal evidence in the texts, is that Jon is actually the son of Ned's sister Lyanna Stark and Rhaegar Targaryen.
In 1967, at the urging of President Lyndon Johnson, Congress passed a law replacing the three-commissioner government that had run the capital since 1871 with a more modern government comprising a single commissioner and a nine-member city council, all appointed by the president. Johnson appointed Washington to the post of commissioner, which by this time had been retitled as "Mayor-Commissioner." Washington was the first African-American mayor of a major American city, and one of three blacks chosen to lead major cities in 1967. Richard Hatcher of Gary, Indiana and Carl Stokes of Cleveland were both elected to their posts in that year, while Washington was appointed.


Shock Treatment is a 1981 American musical-black comedy film and a follow-up to the film "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". While not an outright sequel, the film does feature several characters from the film portrayed by different actors and several "Rocky Horror" actors portraying new characters. It was originally titled "The Brad and Janet Show", which included a similar plot and the same songs, but was rewritten to take place entirely in a studio when the 1980 Screen Actors Guild strike strike made filming outdoors impossible.
On the other hand, the state vector is more directly useful in a numerical integration that accounts for significant, arbitrary, time-varying forces such as drag, thrust and gravitational perturbations from third bodies as well as the gravity of the primary body.

Despite these efforts at modernization and upgrading, "Ise" was still considered obsolete by the start of the Pacific War due to her relatively slow speed, large crew, and short range, and never saw combat as a battleship. "Ise" participated in the attack on Pearl Harbor (albeit on a sortie from Hashirajima as far as the Bonin Islands) and pursued but did not catch the American carrier force that had launched the Doolittle Raid on 18 April 1942.
Document experts have challenged the authenticity of the documents as photocopies of valid originals on a variety of grounds ranging from anachronisms of their typography, their quick reproducibility using modern technology, and to errors in their content and style.
The two fleets made contact on 14 November at 23:01. They exchanged gunfire and torpedoes, with four American destroyers disabled (three would later sink), while the was crippled by "Washington" and "South Dakota". At 23:40, "South Dakota" suffered a series of electrical failures, crippling her radar, radios and gun batteries. "Kirishima" and the heavy cruiser illuminated the battleship with searchlights, and almost all of Kondō's force opened fire. "Kirishima" managed to hit "South Dakota" with one salvo of 14-inch shells and numerous salvos from her secondary battery, which knocked out the battleship's fire control systems and communications. Lee's flagship "Washington", undetected, managed to evade the Japanese fleet, and at midnight fired on "Kirishima" from .
The air officer terminology is currently used by the following air forces:
"Finback" was decommissioned on 28 March 1997 and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register the same day. Her scrapping via the Nuclear-Powered Ship and Submarine Recycling Program at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Bremerton, Washington, was completed on 30 October 1997.

Kessel-Lo is also the proud home of the Rugby Club Leuven.
2006–2008.
Marriage and death.
Life.
In May 1993, a detachment from 12 Platoon, D Company, 2/4 RAR was deployed to Cambodia to provide security to the Australian contribution to the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia. Operating from Battambang airport in north-west Cambodia in support of the Army Aviation Group, they conducted static defensive tasks, patrolling and provided a ready reaction force. They joined another detachment of personnel from 5/7 RAR's Support Company, which had been deployed to undertake communications tasks as part of the Force Communications Unit. The deployment came to an end in November 1993. In 1994, the raising of a fifth battalion was approved, with 2/4 RAR de-linked the following year, and 4 RAR returning to the order of battle in its own right.

Irish Ferries is a division of Irish Continental Group (ICG) plc, a leading Irish based maritime group.
Muskhelishvili conducted fundamental research on the theories of physical elasticity, Integral equations, Boundary value problems and other. He was one of the first to apply the theory of functions of complex variables to the problems of elasticity theories, proposing a number of techniques that have been successfully implemented in numerous areas of mathematics, theoretical physics and mechanics. His works solved all major problems of the Plane Elasticity Theory opening a wide class of domains reducing the plane problem to finite systems of linear algebraic equations c singular kernels. He is also credited with major contributions to the theory of linear boundary value problems for analytic functions and one-dimensional integral equations. Muskhelishvili is author of various scientific articles, monographs and textbooks on mathematics which have been used by universities since their publshing. Highest regarded ones are the monographs "Some basic problems of the mathematical theory of elasticity" (1933) and "Singular Integral Equations" (1947).
Convex and Concave is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher, first printed in March 1955.
Accessibility features.
Insurance is not effective for risks that are not insurable risks. For example, risks that are too large cannot be insured, or the premiums would be so high as to make purchasing the insurance infeasible. Also, risks that are not measurable, if insured, will be difficult if not impossible for the insurer to quantify, and thus they cannot charge the correct premium. They will need to charge a conservatively high premium in order to mitigate the risk of paying too large a claim. The premium will thus be higher than ideal, and inefficient. Passing of risk involves both party to the contract. The general rule is that unless otherwise agreed, risk passes with title. An agreement to the contrary may be either expressed or implied.
Singles.
In 1986 and 1987, Emery defied Ontario's Sunday shopping laws, finally facing eight charges after opening for eight Sundays in a row. In June 1988, he spent four days in jail after being convicted on the first of the charges and then refusing to pay the fine.
The idea of becoming involved in railway preservation in New Zealand did not become a reality for any group in New Zealand until the 1960s, when New Zealand Railways accelerated the pace of dieselisation, resulting in wholesale scrapping of its steam locomotive fleet. At that time, there was a nationwide move to save railway equipment which resulted in the large-scale purchase of locomotives and rolling stock and the establishment of the major preservation sites in New Zealand.
Types.
As stated earlier, most of the naval ranks and rates were formed from scratch in the 18th century, with many changes since then. Ranks for naval infantry, shore service personnel and engineers would only come in the 19th century.
Herefordshire,
Later in 1965, he returned to Milwaukee, becoming the advisor to the Milwaukee chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Youth Council, organizing protests against the segregation of Milwaukee public schools. He also became second vice president of Milwaukee United School Integration Committee (1965–1966) and advisor to the Milwaukee NAACP Youth Council (1965–1968).


The Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway, also known as the Big Four Railroad and commonly abbreviated CCC&StL, was a railroad company in the Midwestern United States. It operated in affiliation with the New York Central system.
It existed up to 1902, and the ruins of its church, built in 1892, are still to be seen a few kilometres from Palapye's town centre. Chief Khama contributed some 3,000 pounds to its construction, and took a keen interest in church affairs. The Bamangwato people's houses were initially clustered around the church, but finding its vicinity too rocky, they moved 1.5 km away.
Air force operations.
"As of 18 July 2014"
On Dec 2,2011, it was announced that Department of National Defence had approved the transfer of Ojibwa to Elgin Military Museum Press Release Here subject to satisfaction of financial requirements
Fixed Premium UL is paid for by periodic premium payments associated with a no lapse guarantee in the policy. Sometimes the guarantees are part of the base policy and sometimes the guarantee is an additional rider to the policy. Generally these payments will be for a shorter period of time than the policy is in force; for example payments may be made for 10 years, with the intention that thereafter the policy is paid-up. But it can also be permanent fixed payment for the life of policy.
O'Brien's football interests also extend to being a minority shareholder in Scottish giants Celtic.
Also, Main Street will be closed for up to eighteen months from April 2012 because of renovation works, with one section of the street being converted at a time. The Dryburgh Road block has been completed with the Main Street block up to Belhaven Terrace in the process of being renovated. The Main Street block also contains a "Project Office" for the improvement work.
At the Antwerp Olympics, Lindsay reached to the quarterfinals of 400 m and ran the second leg in the British 4x400 m relay team, which took gold with 3.22.2.
The angle of the A-pillar is flatter than the windshield angle. The cargo capacity of the W169 was increased by 15 percent compared with the W168.
"Bōsōzoku" are known to modify their motorcycles in peculiar and often showy ways. A typical customized "bōsōzoku" bike usually consists of an average Japanese road bike that appears to combine elements of an American chopper style bike and a British cafe racer, for example: over-sized fairings like those found on cafe racers, raised handle bars like those on a chopper. Loud paint schemes on the fenders or the gas tanks with motifs such as flames or kamikaze style "rising sun" designs are also quite common. The bikes will often be adorned with stickers and/or flags depicting the gang's symbol or logo. There are also marked regional differences in motorcycle modifications. For example, Ibaraki "bōsōzoku" are known to modify their motorcycles in an extensively colorful, flashy way. They will often have three or four over-sized fairings in a tower like way in a motorcycle painted in bright yellow or pink with Christmas light–like adornments.
Tomlinson then attempted to aid Mohamed al-Fayed in his privately funded investigation into the death of Diana, Princess of Wales and al-Fayed's son Dodi. Tomlinson claimed that MI6 had considered assassinating Slobodan Milošević, the president of Serbia, by staging a car crash using a powerful strobe light to blind the driver. He suggested that Diana and Dodi may have been killed by MI6 in the same way, although that claim was dismissed at their inquest in 2007. MI6 admitted that plans of that nature had been drafted regarding a different Eastern European official, but that the proposal had been swiftly rejected by management.
Ambrosia is sometimes the food, sometimes the drink, of the gods of Greek mythology.
Goalball is a team sport designed specifically for blind athletes, originally devised in 1946 by the Austrian Hanz Lorenzen and German Sepp Reindle as a means of assisting the rehabilitation of visually impaired World War II veterans. Participants compete in teams of three, and try to throw a ball that has bells embedded in it into the opponents' goal. Teams alternate throwing or rolling the ball from one end of the playing area to the other, and players remain in the area of their own goal in both defence and attack. Players must use the sound of the bell to judge the position and movement of the ball. Games consist of two 12-minute halves (formerly 10-minute halves). Eyeshades allow partially sighted players to compete on an equal footing with blind players. Eyepatches may be worn under eyeshades to ensure complete coverage of the eye, and prevent any vision should the eyeshades become dislodged.
Dysuria
There are two restrictions on altitude which are important to IFR flight planning:
<doc id="980826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=980826" title="Galilaei">
Media.
USS Nerka (SS-380)
On their return to Russia, they settled into a 200-room palace (the former Baryatinsky mansion) at 46 Sergievskaya Street (today Tchaikovsky Street), Saint Petersburg. The palace, a gift from Tsar Nicholas II to his sister, now houses the Saint Petersburg Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Olga and Peter had separate bedrooms at opposite ends of the building, and the Grand Duchess had her own art studio. Unhappy in her marriage, she fell into bouts of depression that caused her to lose her hair, forcing her to wear a wig. It took two years for her hair to regrow.
The Central Group of ships reached the Bay of Whales on January 15, 1947, where they constructed temporary runways along the glaciers, in a base dubbed "Little America IV".
Ambiguity of medical usage.
<doc id="981302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=981302" title="Earle">
Other factors, physical and psychoacoustic, affect the tuner's ability to achieve a temperament. Among physical factors are inharmonic effects due to soundboard resonance in the bass strings, poorly manufactured strings, or peculiarities that can cause "false beats" (false because they are unrelated to the manipulation of beats during tuning). The principal psychoacoustic factor is that the human ear tends to perceive the higher notes as being flat when compared to those in the midrange. Stretching the tuning to account for string inharmonicity is often not sufficient to overcome this phenomenon, so piano tuners may stretch the top octave or so of the piano even more.

3rd: "Gules, seven mascles or conjoined 3, 3, 1" (Ferrers of Groby); 4th: "Gules, a lion rampant within a bordure engrailed or" (Talbot); 5th: "Gules, a fesse between six crosses crosslet or" (Beauchamp); 6th: "Gules, a lion statant guardant argent crowned or" (Lisle); in chief a label of three points argent. The whole encircled by the Garter. Crest: "On a cap of maintenance gules turned up ermine, and inscribed in front with the letter A, a genet guardant per pale sable and argent, standing between two broom-stalks proper".
That Nazism and contemporary liberalism both promote healthy living is as meaningless a finding as that bloody marys and martinis may both be made with gin. Repeatedly, Goldberg fails to recognize a "reductio ad absurdum". ... In no case does Goldberg uncover anything more ominous than a coincidence.
Monboddo is considered by some scholars as a precursive thinker in the theory of evolution. However, some modern evolutionary historians do not give Monboddo an equally high standing in the influence of history of evolutionary thought.
Alexis Smith
More generally, decision making is the cognitive process of selecting a course of action from among multiple alternatives. Common examples include shopping and deciding what to eat. Decision making is said to be a psychological construct. This means that although we can never "see" a decision, we can infer from observable behaviour that a decision has been made. Therefore we conclude that a psychological event that we call "decision making" has occurred. It is a construction that imputes commitment to action. That is, based on observable actions, we assume that people have made a commitment to effect the action.
Lycaenidae – Hairstreaks, Coppers & Blues.
Tribe Neottieae.
On July 27 the first pilots finished in Berlin. The first came Hubert Broad, then Sidney Thorn followed closely by Reinhold Poss. In an hour, there flew also Fritz Morzik, Maurice Finat, prince Antonio de Habsburgo-Borbon, Georg Pasewaldt, H. Andrews and A.S. Butler. The fastest on the whole track was Alan Butler (DH-60G - average speed 179 km/h), but due to a propeller exchange in Poznań, he was disqualified and finished the rally off the contest. The fastest of qualified crews and the only one to gain full points, was Hubert Broad (176 km/h). On that day, 35 crews were still on the track. On July 28 seven crews reached Berlin (Willy Polte, Oskar Dinort, Winifred Spooner, Mary Bailey, John Carberry, François Arrachart, Stanisław Płonczyński), on July 29 - 9 more (among others, Theo Osterkamp, Jerzy Bajan, Johann Risztics, Robert Lusser, Oskar Notz), and the rest - on next days. The last crews finished the rally on August 1. Some crews dropped out or were disqualified in these last days as well.
After leaving Rainbow in 1981, Airey joined with Ozzy Osbourne for a three-year stint where he helped with the albums "Bark at the Moon" and "Speak of the Devil". He also played on the Diary of a Madman Tour from 1981–82 and appears on "Blizzard of Ozz". Airey joined Jethro Tull in 1987 for their tour in support of "Crest of a Knave". The same year also saw the release of Whitesnake's multi-platinum "Whitesnake", on which Airey played keyboards. (The album is known as "1987" in Europe). Soon after he quit the band to record the solo album "K2 – Tales of Triumph and Tragedy". In it he plays with Gary Moore, Keith Airey – guitars, Cozy Powell – drums, Laurence Cottle – bass, Chris (Hamlet) Thompson, Colin Blunstone, Mel Galley, Genki Hitomi – vocals.

Early in 1994, after disbanding the Egyptians, Hitchcock embarked on a short reunion tour with the Soft Boys. His work received a slight boost in 1995 when his back catalogue (including both solo releases and Egyptians albums) were re-packaged and re-issued in the United States by the respected Rhino Records label. For the rest of the decade he continued recording and performing as a solo artist, releasing several albums on Warner Brothers Records, such as 1996's "Moss Elixir" (which featured the contributions of violinist Deni Bonet and guitarist Tim Keegan), and the soundtrack from the Jonathan Demme-directed concert film "Storefront Hitchcock" in 1998. The 1999 release "Jewels for Sophia", also on Warner, featured cameos from Southern California-based musicians Jon Brion and Grant-Lee Phillips, both of whom often shared the stage with Hitchcock when he played Los Angeles nightclub Largo. An album of outtakes from the Sophia sessions called "A Star For Bram", released on Hitchcock's own label, followed, and his subsequent albums appeared on a variety of independent labels.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%. 
where γ is the Euler–Mascheroni constant.

The 26th International Four Freshmen Society Convention will be held at the Grand Wayne Convention Center, Fort Wayne, Indiana, September 5–7, 2013. This convention honors 65 consecutive years of public performance by the Four Freshmen. The convention is on the site of the former "113 Club" where the Freshmen played their first professional gig on September 20, 1948.
Fairy godmothers appear frequently in fairytale fantasy, especially comic versions and retellings of "Cinderella" and "Sleeping Beauty". Mercedes Lackey presents a gently lampooned version of the concept in her Tales of the Five Hundred Kingdoms series, in which Fairy Godmothers are magically-gifted women who monitor magical forces across the kingdoms. Whenever events are right for a fairy tale to recur, the relevant Fairy Godmother steps in to make sure that the tale in question runs its course with as few fatalities as possible.
Public schools.
In "Descartes' Error", Damasio also explored the way 'the neural basis of the self' as I see it, resides with the continuous activation of at least two sets of representations. One set concerns representations of key events in an individual's autobiography...The second set of representations underlying the neural self consists of the primordial representations of the individual's body'.
Double track resumes under the New Jersey Turnpike's western spur after 0.4 mile of single track. The train continues through the Meadowlands and passes the first grade crossing at Valley Brook Avenue in Lyndhurst. The line curves slightly and passes through the 1903 Kingsland tunnel. Kingsland station is shortly after the tunnel in an open cut. Just beyond Kingsland station is Lyndhurst station, on an embankment.
Additionally, UDE planned an Essential Collections line geared towards introducing characters from outside the Marvel and DC Universes. However, only one such set ever ended up being released, the "Hellboy Essential Collection". It contained two pre-constructed 60-card decks, a comprehensive rule book, and a number of other extras. Like the starter decks, the Hellboy Essential Collection is tournament-legal.
Satellite craters.
The Kaipara is a migratory bird habitat of international significance. Forty–two coastal species are known, and up to 50,000 birds are common. Rare species use the harbour for feeding during summer before returning to the northern hemisphere to breed, such as the bar‑tailed godwit, lesser knot, and turnstone. Threatened or endangered native species, such as the North Island fernbird, fairy tern, crake, Australasian bittern, banded rail, grey‑faced petrels, banded and NZ dotterels, South Island pied oystercatcher, pied stilt, and wrybill are also present . Significant local populations of black swan, pukeko, and grey duck also breed in the area.
Three miles from Le Puy are the ruins of the Château de Polignac, one of the most important feudal strongholds.
It is also located near Sylvian Point.
Book Music is a medium for storing the music played on mechanical organs, mainly of European manufacture. Book music is made from thick cardboard, containing perforated holes specifying the musical notes to be played, with the book folded zig-zag style. Unlike the heavy pinned barrels, which could only contain a few tunes of fixed length, that had been used on earlier instruments, book music enabled large repertoires to be built up. The length of each tune was no longer determined by the physical dimensions of the instrument. 
Political career.

Dujiangyan () is an irrigation infrastructure built in 256 BC during the Warring States period of China by the State of Qin. It is located in the Min River () in Sichuan, China, near the capital Chengdu. It is still in use today to irrigate over 5,300 square kilometers of land in the region. The Dujiangyan along with the Zhengguo Canal in Shaanxi and the Lingqu Canal in Guangxi are known as “The three great hydraulic engineering projects of the Qin dynasty”.
Lobster rolls prepared in Maine generally have several common characteristics: first, the roll itself is a "New England" or "Frankfurter" roll that is baked slightly differently from a standard hot dog roll, so the sides are flat and can be buttered on the outside and lightly grilled or toasted, and is split on the top instead of the side; second, the lobster meat in the roll is usually served cold, rather than warm or hot; third, there can be a very light spread of mayonnaise inside the bun or tossed with the meat before filling the roll, though usually do not have any other ingredients typical of the "lobster salad" variation in other parts of New England. The lobster meat is usually knuckle, claw, and tail meat chunks, with 4oz of meat ("1/4 pound") the common advertised serving size.
References.

Smelting.
The revue starred Mickey Rooney in his Broadway debut, Ann Miller, Scot Stewart, Tom Boyd, Peter Leeds, Jack Fletcher, Jimmy Mathews, Bob Williams, Sid Stone, Michael Davis and Ann Jillian After the original stars left, successors included Juliet Prowse, Anita Morris, Joey Bishop, Eddie Bracken, Jeff Dunham and Rip Taylor. 
<doc id="984937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=984937" title="Edward Joseph Kelly">
The popularity of the original book has led its publisher, Multnomah Press, to extend the line to a number of derivative works targeted at niche audiences, as well as to offer the books in audio and video formats. They also authorized a wide array of official "Prayer of Jabez" merchandise including key chains, mugs, backpacks, Christmas ornaments, scented candles, mouse pads and a framed artist's conception of Jabez himself. A line of jewelry was introduced in 2002.
In sports:
History.
<doc id="985310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=985310" title="List of geographic bodies by area">
The model, Victorine Meurent, became an accomplished painter in her own right.
