Edward I of England (1239–1307) was King of England from 1272 to 1307.
Blockburger v. United States, 284 U.S. 299 (1932), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States set an important standard to prevent double jeopardy.
Later life.
- eight non-government members jointly appointed by the governments pursuant to nominations solicited from coastal communities and other persons and bodies affected by aquatic resource management in the management area (i.e. commercial harvesters, First Nation harvesters, recreational sector, aquaculture, conservation)
Since July 2011, Goldschmidt is the new president of the Conference of European Rabbis. He was elected by the CER's Standing Committee meeting in London and succeeds the former Chief Rabbi of France (1987–2009), Joseph Sitruk, who had held the post since 1999. Only the fourth president of the CER in its 54-year history, Rabbi Goldschmidt is the first to hold the post from outside Western Europe.
Germany
In the summer of 1960, Kirkpatrick was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles, which nominated the Kennedy-Johnson ticket, an easy winner of the ten electoral votes in Louisiana. Kirkpatrick was Democrat for the rest of his life even as his state developed a two-party system. Political records show that he donated in 1979 to the last campaign of U.S. Senator Russell B. Long of Louisiana.
<doc id="19239775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19239775" title="Jean-Georges Garneau">
The film premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival. Film critic Roger Ebert stated that he considered it his favorite of the festival. DVD and Blu-ray versions of the film were released on October 12, 2010, and an extended edition is sold exclusively on Blu-ray with an additional 46 minutes of content.
Palin has promoted oil and natural gas resource development in Alaska, including in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR), where such development has been the subject of a national debate. She also helped pass an increase in the severance tax oil companies pay to extract oil from state land. Palin has created a new sub-cabinet group of advisers to address climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions within Alaska. When asked about climate change after becoming Senator McCain's presumptive running mate, she stated that it would "affect Alaska more than any other state", but she added, "I'm not one though who would attribute it to being man-made."
Iyothee Thass died in 1914 at the age of 69.
Biography.



The Natal Lotto (also referred to as the KZN Lotto) was launched in the KwaZulu-Natal province in 1992.
Some of the range of activities were the Jamboree Friendship Award, the interreligious ceremony on violence and peace, a Scout Forum and connection via satellite with Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary-General of the United Nations, celebrating the 50th anniversary of the United Nations, with the participation of Scout associations, non-governmental organizations and specialized agencies of the United Nations, in particular UNHCR and the United Nations Children's Fund.
With 39.4% to win Eva Lill Baukhol triumphed over Halvor Kvikstad, who achieved 36.4% in a close race.<br>

Early problems.
The episode features Minnie Riperton's song "Lovin' You" and Miles Davis' "Moon Dreams", while the episode's "Itchy & Scratchy" cartoon features Ludwig van Beethoven's "Symphony No. 5" and the Alicia Bridges song "I Love the Nightlife".
Darren Treacy (born 26 June 1971) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. He played for the Newcastle Knights, St. George Dragons, St. George Illawarra Dragons and the Parramatta Eels.
1920 Open Championship
Nashua Public Library

The prosecutions of the white men for the murders of the Native Americans, which cost the United States government nearly seven thousand dollars, avoided further disruptions in the area. Removal of native tribes from the area east of the Mississippi River continued, as did white settlement along the White River. The guilty verdict from the white jury "remained an extreme anomaly". Other acts of violence between whites and native tribes occurred in the decades that followed; however, the events at Fall Creek set a precedent with the trials that recognized the civil rights of Native Americans in a court of law.
The Moratorium Committee announced on April 19, 1970 that it was disbanding and the organizers said that money had dried up and the "political fad" of large demonstrations had run its course. The four national coordinators including Brown said that they each planned to continue antiwar activities on their own. Brown said that he planned to write a manual on how to organize. "You'd be surprised how many people don't know how to draw up a telephone tree, set up an office, call a press conference," said Brown. "I want to tell them how to do this."
described it as "Striking, exhilarating... the performances are thrilling”. According to the "Boston Globe", "The documentary... works beautifully... Each passionate reading flows out of the previous one." 
<doc id="19249964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19249964" title="Church of St. Mary of the Purification, Blidworth">
The album was issued by Argo Records with two different covers. Decca Records reissued the album in the UK on July 8, 2002, as part of a The British Music Collection, giving it yet a third cover.
According to his website, Waite lives in Boston , Massachusetts.
<doc id="19251259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19251259" title="Sandra Scofield">


With the abolishing of the one-party political system in SFR Yugoslavia in 1990, SR Croatia's (constituent republic within the Yugoslav federation) first parliamentary elections were held over two rounds of voting on 22 April and 7 May 1990 resulting in an overwhelming victory for the nationalist Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) led by Franjo Tuđman. With the rising nationalism and ethnic tensions, several incidents took place at football matches in SR Croatia over the coming months.


