
Bands with Kildare connections were invited to compete in 2008's Platform III competition to win a slot on the Oxegen bill, in which two winning groups were selected to perform on the New Band Stage at Oxegen '08. Editors and The Killers have previously made their Oxegen debuts on that stage. Platform III Project Manager, Susan Boyle said that at least one band member should have Kildare connections. The winners were Kill City Defectors and Schmackey and the Salads.
Whetstone station was built by the Great Central as part of its "London Extension", and opened to passengers on 15 March 1899. It was a conventional London extension station, common in towns on villages on the GCR, and was equipped with a single island platform. Access was had from beneath the railway bridge, which once spanned Station Street near the centre of the village. The platform was on the south side of the bridge on an embankment that was particularly wide to accommodate the goods yard. All the station's buildings were situated on the single platform and comprised a porter's room, a booking office, general and ladies waiting rooms, plus a gentlemen's toilet block.
"Euonymus europaeus" – European Euonymus<br>
Swietenia – Baywoods<br>
"Prunus munsoniana" – Wild Goose Plum<br>
Formal Montenegro-Ukrainian relations began on June 15, 2006 when Ukraine recognized the Republic of Montenegro, less than two weeks after the Parliament of Montenegro declared the independence of Montenegro from Serbia. Both countries established diplomatic relations on August 22, 2006. Ukraine has an embassy in Montenegro. In 2008, Montenegrin Government expressed intentions of opening embassy in Kiev. Although economic ties are weak, Montenegro is a transit point for human trafficking between Ukraine and Europe.
Blissville Parish is defined in the "Territorial Division Act" as:
Derby, New Brunswick
County Route 23.
On April 2, 1982, Argentina under President Leopoldo Galtieri launched an invasion of the Falkland Islands and on April 3, 1982 this was followed by the Argentine invasion of the South Georgia Island. This resulted in the British deploying forces to the Falkland Islands hence causing the Falklands War.

<doc id="16595372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16595372" title="Wirral, New Brunswick">
Watson graduated into the Royal Ballet in 1994. He became a principal dancer in 2005.
