Mariana Pineda

In 1404, Charles VI of France gave it to Charles III of Navarre, and erected it into a duchy in the peerage of France, in exchange to his ancestral county of Évreux in Normandy.
Although liberalism played a minimal role in the modernization of the Ottoman Empire, the liberal movement was restricted with force by the Committee of Union and Progress and its successor the Republican People's Party after World War I. Attempts to found quasi-liberal parties were for unsuccessful in most areas of the country. Turkey didn't have a traditional liberal current till Turgut Özal took power. Even though he formed a right-wing (Motherland Party) government, he is regarded as a liberal politician. However, Özal did not openly referred to his politics as liberal and indeed they were not. This was due to the perception of (then newly) privatizations which were actually executed against liberalism principles.
Composite molds are a lower cost alternative to cast or machined aluminium molds. Composite molds are typically made from filled resins that start as a liquid and harden with time. Depending on the application, composite molds can last a very long time and produce high quality parts. 
NL-complete problems.
Possessing a wide variety of offensive moves close to the basket the agile, long-armed McHale played in seven National Basketball Association All-Star Games between 1984 and 1991. McHale's finest season came in 1986–87 when he was named to the All-NBA First Team as a forward. He led the NBA in field goal percentage in 1987 and 1988, shooting 60.4 percent each season. Also a standout defensive player, McHale was selected to the NBA All-Defensive First or Second Team six times. He twice blocked nine shots in a game, the most ever by a Boston Celtics' player (blocked shots did not become an official NBA statistic until the 1974 season).

"Near-optimal erasure codes" require (1 + ε)"k" symbols to recover the message (where ε>0). Reducing ε can be done at the cost of CPU time.
Rebel agents were active in Quebec (which was then frequently called "Canada", the name of the earlier French province) in the months leading to the outbreak of active hostilities. John Brown, an agent of the Boston Committee of Correspondence, worked with Canadian merchant Thomas Walker and other rebel sympathisers during the winter of 1774–1775 to convince inhabitants to support the actions of the First Continental Congress. However, many of Quebec's inhabitants remained neutral, resisting service to either the British or the Americans.
<doc id="1146408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1146408" title="Over Time Limit">
Originated in 1950, the center operates 58 aerodynamic and propulsion wind tunnels, rocket and turbine engine test cells, space environmental chambers, arc heaters, ballistic ranges, and other specialized units. Currently, AEDC's prime contractor is the Aerospace Testing Alliance.
Elias Legarde.
Bob Urosevich
In the end, the election was decided by less than one percentage point, with Fitzpatrick initially trailing by just over 1,500 votes out of nearly 250,000 cast.
In June 2007, "Consumers Digest" magazine selected IUP as number four in the magazine's rankings of the "Best Values in Public Colleges and Universities." In February 2007, IUP was ranked at 40 out of 100 colleges and universities selected for "Kiplinger's Personal Finance" magazine's "The Kiplinger 100," a listing of schools that combine outstanding value with a first-class education.
His numerous papers — musical and literary manuscripts and correspondence in English, French, and Russian — are now stored in the Musical Division of the Library of Congress.
In June 1984 the band was forced off the road when Guy McDonough was admitted to hospital in Melbourne; he died soon after of viral pneumonia. Australian Crawl regrouped with Mark Greig on guitar (ex-Runners) for a series of live performances in late 1984. Prior to Guy's death, he had recorded demos with his brother Bill McDonough (drums, percussion), Sean Higgins (synthesisers) and Nigel Spencer (bass, synthesisers), (all former The Flatheads); and Mick Hauser (saxophone) and Michael Bright (guitar). Bill McDonough assembled the tapes and produced Guy McDonough's posthumous album "My Place" on Wheatley Records in April 1985. Singles "My Place" / "Things Don't Seem" and "What's in it For Me" / "Hook, Line and Sinker" were also released. "Things Don't Seem" written by Guy McDonough and Sean Higgins, had been released as an Australian Crawl single in 1981 off "Sirocco". Tracks from these sessions were re-mastered and released on "Lost & Found" in 1996.
Heavy rainfall caused the collapse of the Opuha Dam during its construction on the river in 1997.
