Filipović was declared a National Hero of Yugoslavia on 14 December 1949. The town of Valjevo has a statue dedicated to him, ""Stevan" Filipović". A monument was also erected in his home town of Opuzen in 1968, but was torn down in 1991; reconstruction is planned by the Croatian Ministry of Culture.
On 7 February 2010, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declared Peter Obi the winner of the 6 February 2010 gubernatorial elections, where he defeated Professor Charles Soludo, former Governor, CBN. This election victory gave Governor Obi an additional four years as the governor of Anambra State.
Plockton,
In mathematics, and specifically partial differential equations, d´Alembert's formula is the general solution to the one-dimensional wave equation: 
Television.
<doc id="4475337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4475337" title="Standing Committee on Pressure Groups">
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1208.
Early years.
Matches resumed after the war with a five-day match in Lagos in 1947 which ended in a draw. The 1949 match went the way of the Gold Coast. As the number of Europeans working in the country reduced, the quality of the African players increased and cricket began to be organised on multi-racial lines in 1956.
The school publishes a peer-reviewed quarterly journal, the "SCMS Journal of Indian Management", focused on economics and business management. It's editor-in-chief is Dr. G.P.C. Nayar, SCMS Group's founder and chairman.
In October 1962, Begum Hamidullah wrote an open letter to President Ayub Khan. Entitled 'Please Mr. President!", it expressed concern about the government's treatment of student protests. The letter was published in the "Mirror". It was an emotional statement, describing the feelings of the people of Pakistan, as they saw "the blood that stained the streets of Pakistan". She stated that, owing to his authoritarian style of rule, she was losing her faith in him and had placed his picture upside down.

