The Arena Massacre or Arena Uprising took place on 1 December 1699 in Trinidad. It resulted in the death of several hundred Amerindians, Roman Catholic priests connected with the mission of San Francisco de los Arenales and the Spanish Governor José de León y Echales and all but one member of his party.
Situated on the Saint John River opposite Fort Kent, Maine. The name Clair finds its roots in the community named for County Clare in Ireland. The name of the village is the result of the railroad station being located near the General store of James T. Clair. The station was called Clair's and was a regular stop of the Temiscouata Railway on its way up to the Connors station. Over time, the name stuck and was shortened to the family name of Clair. The original name of the location was actually "La Petite Décharge" named after the discharge of the small "ruisseau des Lang" into the Saint John River.
Along the lower balustrade parapet are carved the seals of American colleges and universities founded before 1820, in order of their founding. The seals of those founded after 1820 are on the spandrels beneath the parapet, and the seals of women’s colleges are carved on the buttresses.
Okiato
Noche Buena, for Latin American cultures, is often the biggest feast for the Christmas season. In Spain, Latin America, and the Philippines, the evening consists of a traditional dinner with family. pig roast, or lechón is often the center of Noche Buena for feasts around the world. It is believed that the tradition dates back to the 15th century when Caribbean colonists hunted down pigs and roasted them whole as the family gathered for Christmas Eve. 
Slade also lent his talents to the Slade Media Group, founded by his wife Melinda Riccilli Slade, that specialized in corporate image campaigns, crisis management, graphic design and marketing communications. The firm created national campaigns for diverse public and private companies along with numerous product introductions. Together, they wrote and developed various media projects through their affiliated company, Slade Square Productions.
In 2005-06, Galanter occupied the Bellarmine College Visiting Chair in Los Angeles Urban Research at Loyola Marymount University. At that time she was the principal of Galanter and Company, a consulting firm specializing in "land use, urban infrastructure, environmental policy and political strategy."
