The James Williams House is a historic home and farm complex located at Kenton, Kent County, Delaware. The house was built in 1848, and is a two-story, five bay, center hall plan brick dwelling with Greek Revival details. It has a rear wing. The front facade features a three-bay porch with chamfered posts and sawn decorative brackets dated to the 1880s. Also on the property are a contributing barn, granary, and outhouse.
Personal life.
After being extensively logged from the 1880s to the middle of the twentieth century, Brooktrails Township was founded under a special provision in state law. It was marketed as a vacation mountain retreat for San Franciscans in the 1970s. It has approximately 6,600 parcels varying in size from to . The smaller parcels are mostly surrounded by the Township owned Brooktrails Redwood Park forest green belt composed of Tan Oak, Douglas Fir and Redwood. Brooktrails has over 30 hiking trails and two lakes, Lake Emily and Lake Ada Rose, that store and direct water to its water treatment plant. There is also a small market, and a coffee shop. The Brooktrails Township Community Services District, governed by a five-member elected board of directors, provides water, sewer, and recreational services to the residents.
Clare Mill is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California. It is located on the California Western Railroad west of Willits, at an elevation of 961 feet (293 m).
Born in Scotland, he made his name as proprietor and editor of the "South Durham Mercury" in Hartlepool, which was at the time, County Durham's only morning newspaper. In 1870, at the request of the powerful Pease family in Darlington, he founded "The Northern Echo", ostensibly to counter the rhetoric of rival papers, the "Darlington & Stockton Times" and the "Darlington Mercury".
In February 2011, the Navy and the state of Hawaii announced that they had reached a settlement on the damage caused by the grounding. The Navy agreed to pay Hawaii $8.5 million. The amount was in addition to the $6.5 million already spent by the Navy in efforts to repair the reef. "This settlement agreement recognizes the State of Hawaii's loss of a natural resource and takes into account the U.S. Navy's unprecedented efforts to restore the reef where USS "Port Royal" ran aground," said Rear Admiral Timothy Giardina, U.S. Pacific Fleet deputy commander. In response, William J. Aila, State of Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources interim chairperson, stated, "We believe the Navy has done the right thing by acknowledging its responsibility, working cooperatively with the state to restore the reef, and completing a settlement that will provide funding for protection of the state's marine resources."
<doc id="23162690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23162690" title="Miwa Oshiro">

During his senior season at the University of Connecticut, he started his personal blog "Thoughts From A Fat White Guy." He went on to become a sports blogger and on-air personality for New England Sports Network and ESPN Radio. Also known for his appearances on Chris Cooley, GQ.com, ESPN.com, Maxim.com, Fatpickled.com and Deadspin.
Fauna.



International career.
Political career.
?"Lembosiopsis" —
CNN reported on June 7, 2009 that Kitterman had been bound, blindfolded and gagged, prior to being stabbed.

Nature.
Description.
<doc id="23169077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23169077" title="Musa River (volcano)">

