The women's 3 km individual pursuit competition at the 2006 Asian Games was held on 10 and 11 December at the Aspire Hall 1.
Corrigan's enthusiasm for collecting art is paralleled with his enthusiasm for sharing it with the broader public. His total collection is estimated to be around two thousand works and at the time of publication of his second book on his Indigenous art collection (2012) he had over six hundred works on long-term loan to multiple public institutions and universities in states where he has residences, including Bond University, Brisbane (QLD) and the University of Technology and SBS Television in Sydney (NSW), as well as Monash University and Asialink in Melbourne (VIC) and the Australian National University (ACT). Corrigan's donations to Bond University's Medical School are now being publicly showcased in "The Corrigan Walk", an on-campus guided tour of a selection of the donations and 400-strong works in the loan collection, led by indigenous students.
Aliconazole is an imidazole antifungal agent.
Her music was acoustical, jazzy and with soul.
An alternative measure of SUE that uses analysts' forecasts is
On May 14, 1959, Gilbert Mason, a physician in Biloxi, went swimming at a local beach with seven other black friends. They were ordered to leave by a city policeman, who told them that "Negroes don't come to the sand beach." Mason and his compatriot, Murray J. Saucier, Jr., went to the police station to discover what law they had broken. They were told that the police couldn't show them the law until the next day but that "only the public could use the beach." When they returned to the station on the following day, Biloxi mayor Laz Quave told them "If you go back down there we're going to arrest you. That's all there is to it." Mason's 1959 demonstration has been called "Mississippi's first public assault on racial barriers in its 15-year civil rights struggle."
<doc id="41674663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41674663" title="Srečko Kontelj">
The arrival of Christianity and formal education in Mizoram is due to Robert Arthington. Lorrain reached India on 1 January 1890. But not knowing further steps to take he stayed in Chittagong (now in Bangladesh) for almost two years. Then Savidge arrived in calcutta in November 1891. The two met at an evangelical campaign at Brahmanbaria (now in Bangladesh) organised by the New Zealand Baptists. They planned to start camping in Tripura, but were bluntly objected by the ruler, Maharaja. Dejected they travelled northward into deeper Chittagong. After a long wait for permission from the government to enter Lushai Hills, they were only allowed to stay at Kasalong village, the nearest possible location. This was due to constant insurgency from the Mizo tribes. After several months of starvation and dysentery they moved to Darjeeling and finally to Silchar. They waited for one whole year in 1893 for fresh permission. Fortunately while at Silchar they frequently met Mizo travellers, from whom they started learning their language. Finally, a permit was issued and they immediately set off on Tlawng River in a canoe on Boxing Day of 1983. They arrived in Aizawl on 11 January 1894. The day is now observed as public holiday as "Missionary Day" in the state. They made camp at Thingpui Huan Tlang ("Tea Graden"), MacDonald Hill, Zarkawt. They immediately worked on creating Mizo alphabets based on Roman script. After only two and half months, Savidge started the first school on 1 April 1894. Their first and only pupils were Suaka and Thangphunga. They translated and published the Gospels of Luke and John, and Acts of the Apostles. They also prepared "A Grammar and Dictionary of the Lushai language (Dulien Dialect)" which they published in 1898, and became the foundation of Mizo language. The Arthington Mission mandated the missionaries to move to new fields after two-three years, and had no intention of establishing churches. The mission at Aizawl was called off and was handed over to Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Mission in 1897. Lorrain and Savidge departed from Aizawl for England on 31 December 1897.
Loss of premunity is estimated to be the cause of rebound of malaria in 1965 in India after the dramatic success of National Malaria Control Programme that was launched for rural India in 1953. It led to the Modified Plan of Operation (MPO) to be adopted.
He is currently Cathedral Organist and Choirmaster of Erfurt Cathedral, the capital of the Free State of Thuringia in Germany, as well as honorary professor of organ music at the Hochschule für Musik "Franz Liszt", Weimar.
His brother Stuart was killed on active service with the RAF in 1944
Politically, a Somali American Caucus in the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL) was formed to represent the Somali community. A Somali American also chairs the Republican Party's Immigrant Relations Committee in Minnesota.

The 5th Infantry Division was a formation of the Ottoman Turkish Army, during the Balkan Wars, and the First World War.
