First awarded in 1981, the Callaghan Cup was awarded to the top team to play in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island, or Newfoundland and Labrador. Prior to this, the championship was just known as the Atlantic Junior A Championship.
On DOS, OS/2 and Windows, different programs use different syntax in the same operating system. For example:
"Teams listed on the official league website."

Zgornja Bistrica
Among the published notes particular attention has been bestowed on a passage where Wittgenstein enumerated people who, in his judgement, had influenced him: Boltzmann, Hertz, Schopenhauer, Frege, Russell, Kraus, Loos, Weininger, Spengler and Sraffa. Of note to literary scholars, the book also contains some of Wittgenstein's thoughts on Shakespeare, negatively comparing his depictions of character to those of Tolstoy.

How does RAIS work..
<doc id="28342110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28342110" title="Mamayi Mosque">
Minister Motshekga’s second draft.
The name of the new magazine was "Børnenes Blad" until 1884, except for the years 1875 to 1883 when the name "For Ungdommen" was used. The magazine went defunct in 1884 when Falck-Ytter moved to Sarpsborg.


Gulliver graduated with an LL.B. from Yale Law School in 1922. He was the class valedictorian.
Although shot on a tight budget (Powell's own recollections varied between £4,500 and £8,000) "Rynox" was exceptionally well received by contemporary critics. Writing in "The Observer", noted critic C. A. Lejeune presciently remarked: ""Powell's "Rynox" shows what a good movie brain can do... this is the sort of pressure under which a real talent is shot red-hot into the world." Documentary film pioneer John Grierson declared the film "as good as Hollywood" and that "there never was an English film so well-made". A 21st century assessment by Sergio Angelini of the British Film Institute states: "Powell's direction already shows his characteristic energy and visual imagination, as well as his debt to the German Expressionist cinema of the 1920s. "Rynox" is full of quick cuts, tracking shots, unusual angles as well as montages, all of which help effectively to draw attention away from ...the film's small budget."
Although they did not ultimately sail together, Pêro de Anaia's expedition is usually regarded as a squadron of the 7th Portuguese India Armada of D. Francisco de Almeida that left Lisbon a little earlier in 1505 for the Indian Ocean.
