History.
The tree has a high resistance to the fungus "Ophiostoma himal-ulmi" endemic to the Himalaya and the cause of Dutch elm disease there. However, "U. wallichiana" was found to be one of the most preferred elms for feeding and reproduction by the adult elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" and feeding by the Japanese Beetle "Popillia japonica" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0445%3APOTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2 in the USA. Tests in Italy confirmed the American findings, and also determined a moderately high susceptibility to Elm Yellows, meanwhile in the Netherlands the species was also found to be susceptible to coral spot fungus "Nectria cinnabarina".
Borate and Daggett Railroad
Production notes:
The Texas rig is a technique used for fishing with soft plastic lures. It involves a bullet-shaped weight being threaded onto the fishing line first, followed by an optional glass or plastic bead, and then the line is secured to a hook, usually an offset worm hook. 



Passenger.

Orlando Wells (born 9 June 1973) is an English writer and actor.
James Coombes (born 8 October 1956 in Newport, Monmouthshire) is a British actor with a number of television and theatre credits to his name.

After the Travis saga, Boyd attempts to reunite with Sky but cannot handle her revelation that Lana kissed her. Boyd later has a brief involvement with Sky's cousin, Serena Bishop but realises he does not care for her in the same way he does Sky. Serena then creates a plan to reunite Sky and Boyd. Several days after Christmas, Gus' body is found in the remains of a fire at Lou's place. Boyd becomes a prime suspect and tries to get Sky and Daniel to cover for him. The charges against him are dropped due to lack of evidence.
He is possibly best known for his recurring role as Bercol during the first two series of "Blake's 7". He also appeared in the third series as the torturer Shrinker. He also appeared in the "Doctor Who" serial "The Creature from the Pit".
Xpress Motorsports
The statistical area "Zenderen", which also can include the peripheral parts of the village, as well as the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 1320.
Sports.

Citations
In 1992, Lustig was awarded a Gold Medal at the New York Radio Festival for a special edition of "The World Tonight" broadcast live from Moscow on the last day of the Soviet Union. In 1998, he won the Sony Silver Award for Talk/News Broadcaster of the Year. In 1999 he was described in "The Times" as "arguably the best news presenter anywhere in radio after John Humphrys". He was awarded Beard of the Year in 2012 presented by Beard Liberation Front.
Muscular system.
<doc id="4699874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4699874" title="Richard Onslow, 5th Earl of Onslow">


Cascarones or confetti eggs are festive, hollowed-out chicken eggs filled with confetti or small toys. They are rumored to have originated in China and been brought to Europe by Marco Polo. In Italy they were first used as a courting ritual, filled with perfume and then capped with wax. Men would throw them at women they found attractive. The custom then traveled to Spain and was later brought to Mexico in the mid-1800s by Emperor Maximilian’s wife. It was in Mexico that the perfumed powder was replaced with confetti.
KUSP
Born in Tuzla, Bosnia, Ljuba studied Fine Arts in Belgrade but was shocked by the discovery of 1959 exhibition of surrealist art from the Urvater collection. In 1960, he founded the movement ‘Mediala’, meaning ‘Honey and Dragon’, to express both the concepts of desire and fear. Ljuba arrives in Paris in 1963 and is immediately taken in by French galerists and surrealists. Living in Paris and supported by Thessa Herold’s gallery, Ljuba paints fantastical paintings, full of disturbing and desirable creatures, reminiscent of Dali’s work, according to Mandiargue’s review in 1970. Inspired by a mixture of Renaissance and Baroque painting, as well as his grandfather’s exorcisms, Ljuba’s works teems with the demons of a dark pessimism. (Les Peintres Surrealistes, Sarane Alexandrian, p.58-59).
<doc id="4701345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4701345" title="François Sudre (1787–1862)">
The princess of Pharaoh who saved her father's concubine's baby to be called Moses (Thutmosis III) from the Nile was called Thermuthis by the native Greeks. 
<doc id="4701795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4701795" title="Treaty of Akhal">
Apart from the Edwards track and one track that features a voice over from Timothy Treadwell's tape diaries, the music is all instrumental and is frequently haunting.
The expression top dog is an idiomatic for the boss or the leader. In a competition, it is also the favorite or the one expected to win, and the opposite of the underdog. It may be a shorthand reference for a dominance hierarchy.
