Economic growth:
Buy West Eat Best is a campaign that was developed by the Department of Agriculture and Food, Western Australia to promote the sale of West Australian grown food produce.

The Hon. George Wentworth-FitzWilliam (3 May 1817-4 March 1874), was a British politician.
Libanus is a village in the Brecon Beacons National Park, in the county of Powys, Wales, United Kingdom. Presumably, the name of the village derives from Mount Lebanon, also known as the Lebanon Mountains, the ancient name for which was Libanus, a common name for chapels in Wales. 
<doc id="22775734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22775734" title="The Devil's Tomb">
Works.
The letters are clearly but unskilfully written. The manuscript is decorated, with geometric, occasionally with zoomorphic decorations, in brown and red. The initial letters, titles, colophons, and rubrics in red.
Structure.
Mitch Morgan
Irreligion.

Amdursky began his career in Israel with the band "Taarovet Escot", and together they released one album in 1991.[http://www.cduniverse.com/search/xx/music/artist/Amdursky,%20Assaf/a/Assaf%20Amdursky.htm] In 1994, he wrote and composed most of the songs in his first solo album, titled "Assaf Amdusrky", which was released in 1994. In it he played guitar, keyboards, percussion, bass, harmonica, and trumpet. The album was re-mastered and released again in 2008.

Text.
Prominent Lawyer Connected to Rosenberg Case and Accused of Libel by CICIG Assassinated by Hitman on Motorcycle.

Faulconbridge left Aylesbury in the autumn of 2013, replaced by former Slough Town manager Steve Bateman.

Points of interest.
<doc id="22782990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22782990" title="Newville, California">
Germany and Austria.
Back cover by Benno Friedman
Dataproducts switched from drum to band technology in the late 1970s and added dot matrix printers along with a series of thermal printers sourced from Olivetti. The telecommunications company Stelma was purchased and Data Card was formed to manufacture plastic card embossing equipment.
<doc id="22784999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22784999" title="Steve Thomson (politician)">
International career.
The second 1908 version (in the Honolulu Museum of Art) shows a frontal view of the nude model descending the platform. She is neither idealized nor sentimentalized. Rush is now out of the shadows and holding the model's hand as if helping a grand lady descend from a carriage. The chaperone and background sculptures are omitted from this version. The figure of Rush is said to have Eakins' features. 

Iain Ormond
IMBER research seeks to identify the mechanisms by which marine life influences marine biogeochemical cycles, and how these, in turn, influence marine ecosystems. Central to the IMBER goal is the development of a predictive understanding of how marine biogeochemical cycles and ecosystems respond to complex forcings, such as large-scale climatic variations, changing physical dynamics, carbon cycle chemistry and nutrient fluxes, and the impacts of marine harvesting. Changes in marine biogeochemical cycles and ecosystems due to global change will also have consequences for the broader Earth System. An even greater challenge will be drawing together the natural and social science communities to study some of the key impacts and feedbacks between the marine and human systems.
Early Modern Gan
Awards and prizes include:
Blackwater Township, Cooper County, Missouri
Between 1900 and 1905, he published series of works on the neuroanatomy of birds. He searched for brain sites related to avian vocal behavior and performed both left and bilateral hemisphere lesions on sixty Amazon parrots. He placed these lesions on the lateral surface of the brain, an area that he thought would be homologous to the temporal lobe (and Broca area) of humans. In following stimulation experiments he observed the movements of legs, jaw, and eyelids. It has been estimated retrospectively, that Kalischer’s lesions probably damaged both robust nucleus of archistriatum (RA) and the hyperstriatum ventrale, pars caudalis (HVc). Kalischer postulated a pyramidal tract in birds. He was also among the first to prove that striatal rather than cortical areas are involved in avian intelligence
Kostas Zouraris is a prominent speaker of the Greek position in the Macedonia naming dispute, frequently speaking on behalf of those opposing any compromise solution for the name of the neighbouring Republic of Macedonia, that would include the word "Macedonia" or its derivatives. In May 2009 together with Stelios Papathemelis he founded the Panhellenic Macedonian Front coalition to run in the European Parliamentary elections. The party included Greek Macedonian diaspora organisations in its structure. [http://www.in.gr/news/article.asp?lngEntityID=1011264&lngDtrID=244]
