
<doc id="26126287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26126287" title="Rosary devotions and spirituality">
'Lava' is a hybrid cultivar of the genus "Neoregelia" in the Bromeliad family.

Williams appeared before the Ontario Court of Justice in Belleville, Ontario via video link from the Quinte Detention Centre on July 22, 2010, where his next court appearance was set for August 26. Again via video link, Williams waived his right to a preliminary inquiry and thus had his next appearance scheduled at the Ontario Superior Court of Justice for October 7, 2010. Williams' lawyer stated then that his client would plead guilty to all charges filed against him.
At his death in 1896 the Brisbane Courier wrote:
Reception.
<doc id="26129472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26129472" title="Marcantonio della Torre">
Biographical info.
From 1991 until 2000, Childs worked for the Columbia, South Carolina law firm Nexsen Pruet, LLC, first as a summer associate (1991) and then as an associate attorney (1992–1999). She became a partner at the firm in 2000.
The "fetiales", or fetial priests, formed a college whose main responsibilities pertained to Rome's international affairs. They made formal proclamations of peace and of war, and confirmed treaties. They also served as traveling diplomats or ambassadors. They were said to have been first created by the Aequian king Ferter Resius and introduced to Rome by Ancus Martius.
They returned to Santa Barbara, where on September 13, 1827 they met the schooner "Waverly" under Captain William Sumner; it had sailed from Hawaii. They chartered the "Waverly" for Rives to engage in trade along the Pacific Northwest coast and planned a rendez-vous with Duhaut-Cilly next summer. In October, Duhaut-Cilly left for Peru on "Le Héros." He returned to Monterey from his trading expedition in July 1828. While waiting for Rives, he grew impatient, and started loading horses on board to sell in Hawaii. When the "Waverley" finally returned in late September to Monterey to meet Duhaut-Cilly, Rives was not on board.
British Actress of the Year.

<doc id="26132253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26132253" title="Franco-Dutch treaty on Saint Martin border controls">
The verb "to scapegoat" (noun form "scapegoating") is a modern intransitive or transitive coinage from the older transitive verb-noun construction "to make (someone) a scapegoat".

In 1919, special coins were made in Tama Zenshoen Sanatorium, and later in other sanatoriums in Japan. It is a characteristic of the special money of Japan that coins and in some cases money in papers or plastic were issued by the sanatoriums and not by the government. However, patients liked banknotes or coins of the Japan Bank. When patients were hospitalized, their money was changed for special money, so that this system was used also for the strengthening of segregation. In some sanatoriums, special money served as allowances for poor patients. By 1955 this system had been discontinued in Japan, in some cases initiated by crimes.
Happy is a parser generator written in Haskell. It produces haskell-code and optionally optimized code for Glasgow Haskell Compiler and its extensions. Happy is contained (along with Alex, a lexer-generator) in the Haskell Platform. It is available for Unix-like systems, such as Mac OS X, Linux and BSDish systems and Windows.
The Ship Security Reporting System (SSRS) is a counter piracy system that has been developed to combat the increasing instances of hijack and ransom on cargo ships predominantly occurring in the Gulf of Aden and around the Horn of Africa. 
Condor-class gunvessel
<doc id="26135134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26135134" title="Ponte de Lagoncinha">

Alessandro Bianchi (footballer, born 1966)
Joško Kreković
Formed from "Stab"/KG 152 'Hindenburg' at Neubrandenburg on 1 May 1939. I./KG 1 was formed from IV./KG 152, II./KG 1 formed from I./KG 152 on 18 September 1939. III./KG 1 was formed from contribution of I and III./KG 1 on 1 December 1939.
Personal.
David Leigh Donoho, born on March 5, 1957 in Los Angeles, is a professor of statistics at Stanford University, where he is also the Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Professor in the Humanities and Sciences. His work includes the development of effective methods for the construction of low-dimensional representations for high-dimensional data problems (multiscale geometric analysis), developments of wavelets for denoising and compressed sensing.
Debates.
The Pittsburgh Penguins moved to the newly constructed Consol Energy Center. The arena replaced Mellon Arena, also known as "The Igloo", where the Penguins had played since their inception in . The new arena has a seating capacity of 18,387, and was officially inaugurated with the continuation of the "Battle of the Keystone State" between the Penguins and their fellow Atlantic Division rivals and defending Eastern Conference champion, the Philadelphia Flyers, on October 7 as part of the NHL's Opening Face-Off. The Flyers defeated Pittsburgh 3–2 in the Penguins' debut in the Consol Energy Center.

Dick Spotswood married Joanne Peterson Spotswood in November, 1973 in San Francisco, CA. They have two adult children, Beth Spotswood, a popular San Francisco online columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle and video host and Alex Spotswood, a production assistant on Lucasfilm Animation's .
5. Kevin Bonsor; Karim Nice: How NASCAR Safety Works. 23 February 2001. HowStuffWorks.com. Retrieved 28 January 2010.


The bitruncated 5-orthoplex can tessellate space in the tritruncated 5-cubic honeycomb.
Monte Groppo Rosso is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Piacenza. It lies at an altitude of 1593 metres.
Ardolph’s seduction of Marchesa Laurina 
Another serious effect created by the oil-related industries has been the pollution around the Houston Ship Channel and in Galveston Bay. By the 1970s, these waterways were among the most polluted waters in the United States. Though industrial sources were major sources of pollution, urbanization around the bay also contributed significantly to pollution levels. In recent decades, most of the pollution in the bay is the result of storm run-off from various smaller commercial, agricultural, and residential sources, as opposed to the major industrial complexes. Conservation efforts in the mid to late 20th century by area industries and municipalities have helped to dramatically improve water quality in the bay reversing at least some of the earlier damage to the ecosystem.
Kabiskagami Lake (Ontario)
Early life.
<doc id="26144931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=26144931" title="Al Gamble">
Kaya was born in Roche-Bois in Port Louis on August 10, 1960, from a family of five children. His father fisherman not able to support his education, left him under the supervision of an uncle. Joseph did not have a very happy childhood. Being both mulatto and Indian, he is very young victim of racism and finds himself left on his own to find odd jobs at the age of 8 years.

It is the westernmost member of the golden whistler group, being bordered to the east by the black-chinned and yellow-throated whistlers, and to the south by the Australian golden whistler. Compared to other members of the golden whistler group, the rusty-breasted whistler is relatively small, and males have a white throat and a rust-tinged chest, except in the subspecies "teysmanni" from Selayar Islands where the plumage of the male is female-like.

On 13 May 1948, Ben-Gurion hosted the Minhelet ha'am ("People's Administration") body: Aharon Zisling, Yehuda Leib Maimon, and Moshe Sharett, where they formulated and drafted the final version of the Israeli Declaration of Independence ("Megilat HaAtzma'ut"). The next day, they went from this house to Dizengoff House, now known as "Independence Hall", and where the Tel Aviv Museum of Art was located at the time, where Ben-Gurion announced on the establishment of the State of Israel.
Patrick Joseph "Pat" Morrissey (23 February 1948 – 2005) was an Irish professional association footballer, who played as a striker. 

