Route description.

In 2013, the station was re-branded to Stag Radio; the most recent and current radio name that has been taken on by Surrey Student Union.
<doc id="1771334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1771334" title="South Jutlandic">
Composition.

The village has three supermarkets: Spar, Tesco Express and Co-op. There are several independently owned shops, and a market in the centre of the village on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
This underground station, opened on July 1, 1918, has two tracks and two side platforms. Each platform has mosaic trim line and name tablets of mostly green and brown. The tiles are painted light green below the "R" tablets.
Gennaro Rubino
Personal life.
The Mateša government is perhaps best remembered for the introduction of the value-added tax (, PDV), which originated from the previous government before being put to effect from 1996 under Mateša's government. In 1998, the tax rate was fixed for all products at 22%. The finance minister in the Cabinet of Zlatko Mateša was Borislav Škegro.

Blast Tyrant
Personal life.
On September 2007, the club was considered the World's Club Team of the Month by the IFFHS. 
In each district Elections BC is represented by a District Electoral Officer (DEO) and a Deputy District Electoral Officer (DDEO) who oversee the establishment of an office within the district when an election is called. Often this process begins prior to the writ of election.
Peschisolido signed for West Bromwich Albion in a £600,000 deal in July 1996. He made his first appearance for the club in the 3–1 home League Cup defeat to Colchester United on 3 September 1996. Four days later, Peschisolido scored just nine minutes into his Albion league debut, as the Midlands side ran out 2–0 winners at Queens Park Rangers. He was joint top League scorer that season for the club.
Transmissions.
Carroll left in early 1998 to be replaced on bass guitar by Toby Ralph (ex-Lobtailing) for a month and more permanently by Stephanie Ashworth (ex-Sandpit). In an interview with Lawrence, Ashworth stated that Dempsey's lyrics dealt with "getting control of your situation and doing something about it; being proactive. It's about not being apathetic about what's bothering you and taking charge of your situation". She described his early playing "he's a drummer, first and foremost and he actually taught Clint to play the drums. So he comes from playing the guitar from a really percussive perspective".
Arthur Seligman (June 14, 1873 – September 25, 1933) was an American businessman and politician.
Folkrace is a popular, inexpensive, and entry-level form of Swedish rallycross that originally came from Finland, where it was called "Jokamiesluokka" (Everyone's Class). The sport also exists in Norway and Denmark, where it is known as "Bilcross" and "Folkerace" respectively.
Societies defined as, or defining themselves as, "indigenous" are found in every inhabited climate zone and continent of the world. Some important articles are:
Although Siraj ud-Daula conceded temporary defeat in the Pact of Alinagar, he once again began scheming with the French against the British. Meanwhile, the Third Carnatic War was starting in the south. Also at this time, nobles such as Jagat Seth, Mir Jafar, Rai Durlav, Omichand and Rajballav were plotting against Siraj ud-Daula (a principal reason being the Nawab's arrogance, well attested to in contemporary sources) and they invited Clive to take part in their plans. Clive seized on this plan to get rid of two enemies at once. Citing non-existent reasons, he attacked Murshidabad, having previously reached an agreement with Mir Jafar to install him on the "musnud" of Bengal. On the fateful day of 23 June 1757, 23 miles away from Murshidabad in the mango groves of Palashi, the armies met at the Battle of Plassey. The British army consisted of 800 European soldiers and 2,200 Indian soldiers, while the Nawab's army was made up of 18,000 cavalry and 50,000 infantry. At the start of this seemingly impossible battle, generals Rai Durlav and Iar Latif held their armies together, but in an act of treachery Mir Jafar led his troops away from the battlefield, and the remaining army led by Mirmadan and Mohanlal was defeated. Siraj ud-Daula escaped but was later caught and killed by Miran, the son of Mir Jafar. Mir Jafar was made the new Nawab, and the British had effectively seized control of Bengal. In 1765, after defeating the next Nawab, Mir Qasim, the Nawab of Oudh and the Mughal Emperor at the Battle of Buxar, there was no one to stand in the way of the British and their dominance in North India. Thus, British imperialism began in India with the conquest of Bengal, a game in which a main pawn was the great city of Calcutta.
Before the events of the Liberators' attack, Steve befriended T'Challa, the Black Panther, and trained him in preparation for making him a member of the Ultimates. As the team's deputy leader, Rogers was uncomfortable with the notion of working with a man that he knew so little about. After Steve alarmingly discovered that T'Challa's throat was heavily damaged and that these injuries caused his muteness, he pressed Fury for more information. Fury lied about the origin of T'Challa's scars, and about T'Challa's history with the Weapon X Program, while also telling him that everything about the "Black Panther" was classified.

NCPAC hit its peak in 1980, operating IEs in six states, its ads and organizing efforts helping to topple liberal Democrats in Iowa (John Culver), Indiana (Birch Bayh), Idaho (Frank Church) and South Dakota (George McGovern). Less well-known were NCPAC's TV ads in the presidential contest, both negative (one featuring Jimmy Carter in a 1976 debate, another with Edward Kennedy shouting "And no more Jimmy Carter!") and positive (footage of Ronald Reagan speaking on values); Finkelstein concentrated these ad buys in closely contested Southern states (e.g., Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama), all of which switched from Carter to Reagan in 1980.
On the "shield" the two junks symbolise the importance of Eastern-type of trade on the sea surrounding the colony. The naval crown symbolises Hong Kong's links with the Navy and the Merchant Navy, and the battlements commemorate the Battle of Hong Kong during World War II.

Geography.
In 1999 the group released their album "650", which featured the female vocalist Настя ("Nastya"). The album got its title from 650 MB volume of a CD because it was supposed to have contained an enhanced CD-ROM feature. The enhanced version of the CD, however, was a very limited pressing, so it was decided to re-release the album under the title "650.2". On the re-released version some new songs were added, some were excluded, and the multimedia part consisted of the contents of their official web-site, including photos of the group, stories, videos and mp3s. While the songs from "650" are perhaps less romantic when compared to the songs from "Танцуем?" ("We Dance?") they represent a synthesis of creative and professional skills in writing dance-pop songs.
Model changes.
<doc id="1775538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1775538" title="Barbara M. Joosse">
In the second paragraph of the Mackworth-Young's first chapter, Mabel Elmsworth is written out of the story as having turned down the marriage offer of the Duke of Falmenneth and married a "dashing, intelligent, young captain of the Guards". Teddy is written out completely.
