On October 28, 2005, after weeks of speculation, ownership of Ikonboard was officially transferred to John Jarvis. However the change of ownership resulted in the site being down until December, with a new parent company 'Pitboss Entertainment'. Though John Jarvis officially owned Ikonboard he had no visible presence on the site, with Joshua Johnson managing Ikonboard on his behalf. Soon after coming back online development on 3.1.3 resumed, being developed by a group of volunteers who referred to themselves as 'The Ikonboard Team' (and in addition provided support via the site's forums). Ikonboard 3.1.3 was publicly released on January 30, 2006, and 3.1.4 was subsequently released in February. On March 22, 2006, it was announced that the parent company Pitboss Enterntainment no longer existed, and that all its assets (including Ikonboard) now came under 'Level 6 Studios', and subsequently related contact details were amended. Development was unaffected by the parent company changes, and 3.1.5 was publicly released on May 30, 2006. Additionally the Ikonboard team started development on '3.2' though their work was never publicly released under the Ikonboard name. On September 10, 2006 development on this release was discontinued as the Ikonboard team departed to work on IkonForums 1.0.0, their own independent project.
The 1973 NCAA University Division Men's Ice Hockey Tournament (the historical equivalent to today's Division I) was the culmination of the 1971–72 season in men's ice hockey in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), United States. The Wisconsin Badgers defeated the Denver Pioneers in the championship game, held in Boston, Massachusetts on March 17. Denver's participation in the tournament was later vacated by the NCAA Committee on Infractions.
Biography.
area have been described and figured, and it is the source of at least 27 type
Raja won his first World Championships medal in 2006 in Eton, Great Britain, where ha was a member of the bronze-winning quadruple sculls team with Andrei Jämsä, Tõnu Endrekson and Igor Kuzmin.
Eskatul is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.

