
The Honourable Rosemary (known also as Hon Rosie), is a female anthropomorphic hare. She is a major character in "Mariel of Redwall", and even more so in its successor, "The Bellmaker". In both books, she is renowned especially for her skill with a sling, bow, javelin etc., earning her the nickname 'Hawkeye', and for her annoying tendency to laugh tremendously at the most inappropriate of times.
When Chab, Whulky and their families were tied beneath the pier as punishment by the cats, Leatho gathered a group of otters and coordinated a plan for their rescue. While Banya Streamdog and Lorgo Galedeep freed them, Leatho and his friends created a diversion. With Leatho's cunning and conviction, the rescue was successful.

Betrothals, marriage and issue.
This issue has been a hot topic for media outlets over the past few years, and even more so in the months of September and October 2010. President Barack Obama has posted an "It Gets Better" video on The White House website as part of the It Gets Better Project. First lady Michelle Obama attributes such behaviors to the examples parents set as, in most cases, children follow their lead.
<doc id="24083771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24083771" title="Gunnah Mollah">
<doc id="24084005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24084005" title="Manambuchavadi">
The MET call (Medical Emergency Team) was designed at the Liverpool Hospital, Sydney, Australia in 1990 and has continued to develop and spread around the Western world as part of a Rapid Response System. The MET call is a hospital based system, designed for a nurse (or other staff member) to alert and call other staff for help when a patients vital signs have fallen outside set criteria. These criteria were designed around studies suggesting that certain vital sign ranges and symptoms occur before poor patient conditions which may lead to death (For example, Chest pain, a raise in heart rate and an elevated blood pressure may indicate the patient may be about to have a heart attack). In the original model, the criteria also include "and any patient you are seriously worried about", although this is not included in all hospitals despite some observational trials showing it is the most commonly used calling criteria in hospitals that use it.
Career.
There is a strong agrarian sector, and the crops are mainly coconuts and arecanuts. Paddy cultivation has a major setback now, as is the case with most of Kerala, with paddy fields being claimed for houses and for more profitable crops. Migration to the Middle East (Gulf) and to the major cities in India is prevalent.
Ra is claimed to be from the "Confederation of Planets in the Service of the Infinite Creator" and the books give an outline of a New Age description of evolution of consciousness; the concept of the soul (spirit, essence) is said to be reincarnating through these different levels or "densities:" 1st density being "mineral consciousness", 2nd density being "vegetable consciousness and animal consciousness", and 3rd density being human life, self-reflective consciousness.
The game gained mixed reviews.
Dude, What Would Happen
Lord Clarke may refer to:
Cultural references.

"1st Quarter"
