
Rapadilino syndrome
National championships.
Lama Tsultim Nima selected a site to build a large monastery, away from the villages, at a place known as "Ri-rdzong", since the place had adequate water supply and fuel availability. He launched on a donation campaign to build the monastery for which the villagers also provided voluntary labour during construction. The Monastery was built in 1831 along with many shrines within it. Basically, the monastery has three large chambers. In two of these chambers idols of Buddha have been consecrated. The third chamber houses a stupa.

Stourton
In 1925, Carlos Ballester obtained a license to represent the Hispano-Suiza brand in Argentina. At first, vehicles were to be imported and later built domestically. A few years earlier, Ballester and his associate Eugenio Molina built a plant for the production of automatic weaponry. To unify production, a 5,000 m2 plant was built with the highest technology available at the time. It was built at 250 Campichuelo in the Caballito barrio (Buenos Aires). Thus Hispano Argentina Fábrica de Automóviles S.A. (HAFDASA) was devoted to the production of Hispano-Suiza vehicles and motors, and also parts and replacements for this and other automotive, truck, and bus marques.
Fetvadjian's artistic talents were brought into the public spotlight when he participated in the Italian national art exhibition in 1891. His studies would later take him to Vienna (1891–1895) and later Saint Petersburg. In Russia, he participated in art exhibitions and joined the Russian Artists' Society. Throughout the early 20th century, he continued to hold exhibitions, and his artwork was seen on displays at the Louvre (1919, 1920) and the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Little Oakley is a small village located in the Kettering district in Northamptonshire, England. It is situated between Corby and Kettering in Newton and Little Oakley civil parishes.
ISTP celebrated its 30th anniversary during the 2009–2010 school year and marked the 15th anniversary of the Mandarin Chinese-English immersion program in 2011.
Population trend:

A cortical lobule (or renal lobule) is a part of a renal lobe. It consists of the nephrons grouped around a single medullary ray, and draining into a single collecting duct. Its near identical parallel is the rectal lobe, which is present in the majority of mammals.
