Wickes was one of six communities to be listed in the territory's first telephone directory in 1885. The Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone Company served nine customers in Wickes until the telephone exchange closed in 1886. One pundit later claimed that "(playing) cards strewed the Main street so thickly that for several years a man with a team cleared the street every morning."
Action of 20 October 1793.
Bakul Priya is a 1997 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Maa Kali Chitramandir under the banner of Maa Kali Chitramandir. The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Satabdi Roy in the lead roles. Music of the film has been composed by Anwar Jahan Jhantu 
The Leer Lutheran Church, also known as the Norwegian Lutheran Church is a church located at 10430 South Leer Road, near Leer in Long Rapids Township, Michigan. The church grounds include a parish house, cemetery, and pavilion, as well as the church itself. The church is substantially the same as when it was built. Highlights include an altar painting by Sarah Kirkeberg Raugland, and an unusual pressed metal interior in the parish house. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
Bury Tomorrow is a British melodic metalcore band from Southampton, Hampshire, England. Bury Tomorrow have released two extended plays and three studio albums.
John M. Nielson (born June 30, 1943 in Waterville, Vermont) is an American ordained minister in the Church of the Nazarene, who served as the third president of Asia-Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary in Manila, the Philippines from 1989 until 2001, as well as 15 years in pastoral ministry in the USA, Germany, and Denmark. As an educator, Nielson has taught in Nazarene universities, colleges and seminaries in the USA, the Philippines, Australia, and Samoa. From 2004 Nielson has served as Associate Professor of Religion at Mount Vernon Nazarene University. Nielson served as a global missionary for the Church of the Nazarene for 17 years. Nielson has written 3 books, a children's musical, and a number of published poems and songs.
Kup made his first Marvel US appearance in the "" limited series as one of the Autobot crew led by Fortress Maximus. He became a Targetmaster in the fourth and final issue of the series.
<doc id="41621396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41621396" title="J.R. Carpenter">
List of Fables characters (Literals and Part-Literals)
