In 2001, the term Shoreditch Twat became popular vernacular for an overdressed East London 'trendy' and the fanzine went on to produce an installation for the Barbican Gallery's UK culture exhibition 'Jam', which later toured to Japan.
<doc id="4183541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4183541" title="Kilton Thorpe">

The Wildhearts Must Be Destroyed is a 2003 album by The Wildhearts. The album's title makes reference to 1969 horror film "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed".
Trigg | 

In 1922 a fire broke out and gutted the Solar Tower, leaving it roofless. A subsequent fire in the West Wing made the place untenable, and it was abandoned, remaining unoccupied until 1944. In this year it was bought by Arthur Clegg, a retired bank manager, who, together with his wife and son, started a 20 year programme of renovation.
The Grace (; ) is a four-member South Korean girl group formed by SM Entertainment in 2005. The group consists of four members: Stephanie, Lina, Sunday, and Dana. In 2011, they formed a sub-unit duo group The Grace - Dana & Sunday.
Salvador Pirates.
The total population is 11,500 inhabitants.
After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the country inherited the powerful North Western Railway in West Pakistan, which came with an expansive rail network and a well-developed infrastructure. Whereas, in East Pakistan, the Bengal-Assam Railway operated in a limited capacity. With the railways being the nation's only established and operational intercity public transport mode, its associated infrastructure "constituted the most valuable capital asset" of the newly founded nation.

WRNS is also broadcast on AM 960 using a 5 kW day omni pattern and at night a 1 kW signal with three towers directional to the south east.
The traditional method for sending faxes over phone lines (PSTN)
Glacier mass balance studies have been ongoing in New Zealand since 1957. Tasman Glacier has been studied since then by the New Zealand Geological Survey and later by the Ministry of Works, measuring the ice stratigraphy and overall movement. However, even earlier fluctuation patterns were documented on Franz Josef and Fox Glaciers in 1950. Other glaciers on the South Island studied include Ivory Glacier since 1968, while on the North Island, glacier retreat and mass balance research has been conducted on the glaciers on Mount Ruapehu since 1955. On Mount Ruapehu, permanent photographic stations allow repeat photography to be used to provide photographic evidence of changes to the glaciers on the mountain over time.
Content.
Australia/New Zealand.
The men sport "bowl cut" hair styles, and when not in towns, still wear nothing but a minimal loin cloth. The women wear brightly colored cloth wrapped at the waist as a skirt. Except when in towns, the women do not cover their torsos, and wear long, straight black hair. The children go naked until puberty, and no one wears shoes. 
Three Rivers Park District
She married the assistant-director André Smagghe in 1961. He turned out to be alcoholic who was eventually hospitalized. They divorced in 1965. After a long relationship she married the well-known racing driver Claude Bourillot in 1970, but he disappeared one day with all her jewels and money leaving her penniless. They divorced in 1976. Her other relationships were also uniformly disastrous. She claimed that her co-star Vittorio Gassman once tried to rape her, and an Italian Prince N. refused to marry her after many years of courtship. She was also pursued by Bettino Craxi and Silvio Berlusconi.
Decree No. 6 of the National Assembly suspended phase III of the implementation of the agrarian reform, and was itself later amended. The Apaneca Pact was signed on 3 August 1982, establishing a Government of National Unity, whose objectives were peace, democratization, human rights, economic recovery, security and a strengthened international position. An attempt was made to form a transitional Government which would establish a democratic system. Lack of agreement among the forces that made up the Government and the pressures of the armed conflict prevented any substantive changes from being made during Magaña's Presidency.
Radio.
The character of X has been well-received by critics. "Entertainment Weekly" included the character in the list of the top 20 Black Sci-Fi Icons in 2009, at number 17. Todd vanDerWerff, writing for "The A.V. Club", has praised the "gravitas" of Williams' acting, adding that he wished that the writers "had figured out a way to have him around more often than they did". VanDerWerff's fellow writer Zack Handlen felt that the character's assassination in "Herrenvolk" was "appropriately shocking", calling the scene "one of the most memorable death's in the series"; although he felt that the immediate introduction of the character's successor, Marita Covarrubias, "deflates the importance of X's loss" in the episode. Handlen has also called X "the best of Mulder's informants", explaining that this is "because he's always pissed off, he's always reluctant to provide information, and you can't ever be sure what play he's really running". Series writer Frank Spotnitz has called X "the meanest, nastiest, most lethal killer on the planet".

Since 2006 The Ronnie Scott's Allstars are some of the greatest talents on the UK scene, including regular performers James Pearson and Sam Burgess.
General Order 40 was an order issued on August 30, 1928 by the new Federal Radio Commission under the Radio Act of 1927 which provided for a reallocation of the commercial broadcast radio spectrum.
2013: All four games were played at the University of Dayton Arena. On March 19, North Carolina A&T edged Liberty 73-72, advancing to the No. 16 seed in the Midwest Region to face No. 1 seed Louisville. Saint Mary's defeated MTSU 67-54, advancing to the No. 11 seed in the Midwest Region to play No. 6 seed Memphis. On March 20, James Madison defeated LIU-Brooklyn 68-55, advancing as the No. 16 seed in the East Region to face the No. 1 seed Indiana. La Salle beat Boise State 80-71, advancing as the No. 13 seed in the West Region to play No. 4 seeded Kansas State. Of the four winning teams, only LaSalle advanced beyond the second round. They were eliminated in the fourth round (Sweet Sixteen) by Wichita State 72-58.
With reference to the north side of the Picture Gallery and the New Chambers from the time of Friedrich the Great, Friedrich Wilhelm IV sketched out more new buildings, which would decorate his two kilometer long "Via Tiumphalis".
Perhaps the most common use of is to alternate between the two most recent tasks, but it can also be used to switch to any running program that has a top-level window. The window environment maintains a Z-order list of top-level windows (tasks) with the most recently used tasks at the front, so the most recently used tasks can be switched to the most quickly.
Cyanogenic glycosides are stored in inactive forms in plant vacuoles. They become toxic when herbivores eat the plant and break cell membranes allowing the glycosides to come into contact with enzymes in the cytoplasm releasing hydrogen cyanide which blocks cellular respiration. Glucosinolates are activated in much the same way as cyanogenic glucosides, and the products can cause gastroenteritis, salivation, diarrhea, and irritation of the mouth. Benzoxazinoids, secondary defence metabolites, which are characteristic for grasses (Poaceae), are also stored as inactive glucosides in the plant vacuole. Upon tissue disruption they get into contact with β-glucosidases from the chloroplasts, which enzymatically release the toxic aglucones. Whereas some benzoxazinoids are constitutively present, others are only synthesised following herbivore infestation, and thus, considered inducible plant defenses against herbivory.
Alexander Military Law Academy
"Life" magazine covered the deaths of the men with a photo essay, including photographs by Cornell Capa and some taken by the five men before their deaths. The ensuing worldwide publicity gave several missionary organizations significant more visibility, especially in the United States and Latin America. Most notable among these was the Summer Institute of Linguistics (SIL), the organization for which both Elisabeth Elliot and Rachel Saint worked. Because of the martyrdom of her brother, Saint considered herself spiritually bonded to the Huaorani, believing that what she saw as his sacrifice for the Huaorani was symbolic of Christ's death for the salvation of humanity. In 1957, Saint and her Huaorani companion Dayuma toured across the United States and appeared on the television show "This Is Your Life". The two also appeared in a Billy Graham crusade in New York City, contributing to Saint's increasing popularity among evangelical Christians and generating significant monetary donations for SIL.
Overview.
In the spring of 2004, after the passage of California Proposition U and funds approved by district voters, the school received funding for a major renovation. The "Pardon our Dust"-sloganed renovation took place from 2004 to 2007. In addition to modernizing existing buildings, including the practical arts and sciences departments, the project constructed several new buildings, including a new facility for the wrestling and gymnastics teams, and a new band room. The "Theater at the Mount" was the last main building that was under construction, completed in September 2007, along with the choir and drama rooms.
Military Law Centre.
Cloke and his brother Jason were delisted by Collingwood at the end of the 2006 season but Cloke was given a second chance at AFL level when he was selected in the pre-season draft by Carlton with their second round selection (ninth pick overall). He enjoyed a great start to his career at Carlton, which saw him play a key second ruck role during the Blues' successful 2007 NAB Cup campaign.
Ciarán Corry.
Women's tournament.
Polar Beverages
The tree has a superficial resemblance to the closely related "Macadamia" and could be confused with them. The fruit of "F. praealta" is poisonous. 
<doc id="4192295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4192295" title="Paul Reid (footballer, born 1982)">
Gallup Municipal Airport is a city-owned public airport three miles (5 km) southwest of Gallup in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States.
Early websites intermingled links for both the HTTP web protocol and the then-popular Gopher protocol, which provided access to content through hypertext menus presented as a file system rather than through HTML files. Early Web users would navigate either by bookmarking popular directory pages, such as Berners-Lee's first site at http://info.cern.ch/, or by consulting updated lists such as the NCSA "What's New" page. Some sites were also indexed by WAIS, enabling users to submit full-text searches similar to the capability later provided by search engines.
Over the course of his career, Kulikov skated nine world records:

Records.
Soldier housing.
The General Directorate of the company is located in Sarajevo. The nine regional BH Telecom directorates are located on the territory of the whole Bosnia and Herzegovina, having their main offices in Sarajevo, Banja Luka, Tuzla, Zenica, Mostar, Bihać, Travnik, Brčko and Goražde. The company also includes the tenth biggest organizational unit in Bosnia and Herzegovina - Telecom Inženjering, with its main office in Sarajevo.
SEMC
<doc id="4194196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4194196" title="City of Angels">
References.
in particular its application to linear partial differential equations, convex geometry, and the mathematical theory of water waves. He also wrote on numerical analysis and ill-posed problems. His textbook on partial differential equations was much influential and was re-edited many times.
He was transferred to Crystal Palace, later spent a spell on loan to Birmingham City. On 1 March 2002, Pollock announced his retirement from professional football. Pollock, 28, had been without a club since he left Crystal Palace by mutual consent. He was training with Grimsby Town but opted instead to play non-League football and become a director in his family's glass-making business.
Celebrity weeks.
Project Catwalk is a competitive reality television series focusing on fashion design. In the UK it is shown on the digital station Sky One. The show follows a group of fashion designers as they compete against each other to avoid being "the next fashion victim" and win the competition. The programme is based upon the US reality show "Project Runway".
Winner: Volt (208 votes)
Regarding Margie
Stefanović was one of the few artists honored to perform Copland’s Clarinet Concerto under the baton of Maestro Aaron Copland (1961).

In September 2008, Scholastic Press released "The Hunger Games", the first book of a trilogy by Collins. "The Hunger Games" was partly inspired by the Greek myth of Theseus and the Minotaur. Another inspiration was her father's career in the Air Force, which allowed her to have better understanding of poverty, starvation, and the effects of war. The trilogy's second book, "Catching Fire", was released in September 2009, and its third book, "Mockingjay", was released on August 24, 2010. Within 14 months, 1.5 million copies of the first two "Hunger Games" books were printed in North America alone. "The Hunger Games" has been on "The New York Times" Best Seller list for more than 60 weeks in a row. Lions Gate Entertainment acquired worldwide distribution rights to a film adaptation of "The Hunger Games", produced by Nina Jacobson's Color Force production company. Collins adapted the novel for film herself. Directed by Gary Ross, filming began in late spring 2011, with Jennifer Lawrence portraying main character Katniss Everdeen. Josh Hutcherson played Peeta Mellark and Liam Hemsworth played Gale Hawthorne.
The 4 school houses were named after World War 2 Irish Generals: Alexander; Alanbrooke; Dill; Montgomery.
Prentis Hancock
Tracks 21-24
According to the 2006 census, Rycroft had a:
It hosted the Southern Conference men's basketball tournaments in 1972, 1975, and 1976.
Men's individual
In 2007, she won the Gemini for Best Host in a Lifestyle/Information series for CityLine.

<doc id="4198479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4198479" title="Indian agency police">
Pattison joined Norwich City for a short loan period in November 2007, following ex-manager Glenn Roeder. After making 10 appearances and impressing, the deal was made permanent once the transfer window opened on 4 January 2008 for an undisclosed fee, on a three and a half year contract. In a bizarre incident, it was reported on 19 March, that Pattison had been arrested by police after being caught not only drink-driving, but doing so whilst only wearing underwear.
In 2012, Camera Obscura performed a cover in-studio at radio station KCRW.

Edmund Heines
Janice Robinson, born on 8 December 1967 and raised in Garfield, New Jersey, gained worldwide success in the early to mid-1990s with the Eurodance/Hi-NRG/Italo House group Livin' Joy as the lead singer before going solo in 1999. After Robinson left, Livin' Joy scored more hits during the 1995-1996 period with another singer. However, the biggest remains "Dreamer", a huge international hit reaching number 1 in the UK and the top 10 in many other European countries. Robinson had previously worked with the Livin' Joy producers on two singles, Children and Sweetest Day of May. On the Livin' Joy album "Don't Stop Movin", her vocals do not appear on any tracklisted songs, until the original "Dreamer" appears as a hidden track at the very end. Her subsequent solo debut album "The Color Within Me" was an earthy, more singer/songwriter Pop/Rock type album and was released in 1999 to largely favourable reviews, scoring a minor pop hit with the single "Nothing I Would Change". In 2000, Janice performed on the WB supernatural drama "Charmed", in the episode "Animal Pragmatism". 
An overview of medals won by Keulen-Deelstra at important championships she participated in, listing the years in which she won each:
Eastern segment.
