But he is best known as the singer-songwriter in the Norwegian group Minor Majority starting 2000. Pål Angelskår was lead vocalist for the band and played guitar. He was joined by Jon Arild Stieng (vocals and guitars), Harald Sommerstad (keyboards), Henrik Harr Widerøe (bass, banjo, vocals) and Halvor Høgh Winsnes (drums).
Initial board certification is available to eligible osteopathic ophthalmologists and otolaryngologists who have successfully completed an American Osteopathic Association-approved residency in ophthalmology, otolaryngology, or otolaryngology/facial plastic surgery, two years of practice, and successful completion of written and oral exams. Board certified osteopathic ophthalmologists and otolaryngologists must renew their certification every ten years to avoid expiration of their board certification status. The American Osteopathic Boards of Ophthalmology and Otolaryngology offer voluntary recertification and upon passage of the required examinations grants board-certified status for a period of ten years.
The 1954 Nippon Professional Baseball season was the fifth season of operation of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).
Rajesh Sharma (born 8 October) is an Indian actor. 
Orthogonius rotundatus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae. It was described by Tian & Deuve in 2006.
Qayyum Chowdhury (, born 1934) is a Bangladeshi painter.After the pioneering artists like Zainul Abedin, Quamrul Hassan and Safiuddin Ahmed his name is the most popular among the first generation artists of Bangladesh. He is famous for his cover designs - but his significance as a painter is immeasurable. Although Kazi Abdul Kasem and Zainul Abedin led the way for applied art in Bangladesh, Quamrul Hassan helped this field to flourish and it was Qyyum Chowdhury's unswerving creative efforts that bought maturity to this art. During the last fifty years, he has adorned this field with abundance and diversity.His world of painting on the other hand, resonates with the ebullient nature and life in Bangladesh.A passion for literature, music and film made his quests of life optimistic, variety seeking and an abundant source of good taste.
<doc id="37022522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37022522" title="Serrasalmus neveriensis">
Production history.
Youth.
With the threat of invasion over, the regiment was moved to North Africa in November 1940 aboard the "Empress of Canada". Assigned to the 6th Division, the regiment saw action against the Italians at Tobruk where they supported the 19th Infantry Brigade. Benghazi fell next and after that was taken, the regiment deployed one battery forward in support of the 17th Infantry Brigade at Marsa Brega. A short time later, though, the regiment was withdrawn back to Ikingi Maryut to re-organise.
Pseudochazara lydia
"† signifies that the driver is known to be deceased" <br>
