Satellite craters.
Gerlach had been close to adherents of a moderate socialism from above, coupled with social reforms (Kathedersozialisten), but became a member of the SPD in November 1914 and changed to the more radical USPD in the autumn of 1919. Later on, he sympathised with Anarcho-Syndicalism and became a Marxist.
<doc id="929466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=929466" title="My Morning Jacket">
Children and descendants.
Environmental Impacts.
Early career.


Rhode won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Games, making her the youngest female gold medalist in the history of Olympic shooting.
The House Collection consists primarily of Dumbarton Oaks' historic buildings and interiors, Asian, European, and American artworks, and interior furnishings. Principal to the collection is the renaissance-style music room. The ceiling and flooring of this room were inspired by examples at the guardroom of the historic Château de Cheverny near Paris and were fabricated by the Parisian designer, Armand Albert Rateau. The music room features displays of tapestries, sculptures, paintings, and furniture dating from the fifteenth to the eighteenth centuries. The Blisses used the music room for hosting musical programs and scholarly lectures, and it continues to serve these purposes.
René Just Haüy (; 28 February 1743 – 3 June 1822) was a French mineralogist, commonly styled the Abbé Haüy after he was made an honorary canon of Notre Dame. He is often referred to as the "Father of Modern Crystallography." 
Colombia has qualified a single triathlete.
Social Distortion's musical style began as decidedly punk rock or hardcore punk when the band formed in the late 1970s. They are thought to be one of the pioneering bands of the original Southern California punk rock movement out of Orange County, California, and their style closely associated with The Dickies, The Germs, and other bands from that place and time. In the mid-'80s there was a notable change in their style of music – taking more from their country music and rock and roll. Mike Ness admits in the DVD commentary from "Another State of Mind" that he may have even tried "too" hard on the "Prison Bound" album. They did eventually find their niche, and the majority of their albums from the mid-80s on to the early '90s are considered to be punk rock or rockabilly – a melodic punk sound that is distinctly – and distinctively – their own.
On May 16, 2008, Anzai was finally initiated as a member of the Beta Chi chapter of the Sigma Chi fraternity at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. He is also a 1976 alumnus of the National Urban Fellows.
According to writer Joseph Sobran, "the seamless garment has turned out to be nothing but a loophole for hypocritical Catholic politicians. If anything", he adds, "it has actually made it easier for them than for non-Catholics to give their effective support to legalized abortion—that is, it has allowed them to be inconsistent and unprincipled about the very issues that Cardinal Bernardin said demand consistency and principle".
After Joey returns from New York with Jen, she discovers from Gretchen that Pacey was arrested for public drunkness and that she also believes she may be pregnant. Bessie soon finds out that Joey believes she may be pregnant at Gail's baby shower, and Bessie argues with her about not being ready to have a baby, and having an immature boyfriend who would never cope with a child. Joey later defends herself by saying that whatever happens in her life will be different. Joey later does a test and finds out she is not pregnant, but the situation draws the sisters close together. When Joey finally reaches Pacey on the phone, she lies about the pregnancy scare and is disappointed that Pacey didn't tell her about his arrest.
The history proper of the Russian language dates from just before the year 1000 AD.
