McCarthy was named Major League Manager of the Year by "The Sporting News" in 1936 – the first year the award was given – and again in 1938 and 1943.
The PC-8 had a couple of commands that were not listed in the manual, but nonetheless were recognized by BASIC and usable.
Benthos is the community of organisms which live on, in, or near the seabed, the area known as the benthic zone. This community lives in or near marine sedimentary environments, from tidal pools along the foreshore, out to the continental shelf, and then down to the abyssal depths. The benthic zone is the ecological region on, in and immediately above the seabed, including the sediment surface and some sub-surface layers. Benthos generally live in close relationship with the substrate bottom, and many such organisms are permanently attached to the bottom. The superficial layer of the soil lining the given body of water, the benthic boundary layer, is an integral part of the benthic zone, and greatly influences the biological activity which takes place there. Examples of contact soil layers include sand bottoms, rocky outcrops, coral, and bay mud.
The main section of the cafeteria, located just under what is now the Form 1S classroom of the Form 1 block, is the main area of business where students and members of the administration can trade. Adjacent to this is the area dubbed the Café Verandah. This area includes seating with tables. Local food merchants are also allowed to market there with permission from the administration. Students may purchase before and after regular school hours and during the luncheon and recess periods. The cafeteria staff reserves the right to bar any student from trading during class hours unless that student is accompanied with a written note provided by a member of the teaching or office administration.

The verb "to have":
Later career.

Pearson was born at Islington, London, fourth son (and tenth child) of the Rev. John Norman Pearson, M.A., then principal of the Church Missionary College, Islington, and Harriet "née" Puller. 
Structure.
Seawalk.
The Northwest Collegiate Rowing Conference consists of seven NCAA Division II and III member schools in USRowing's Northwest region. The Conference hosts two major regattas each year. The NCRC Invite takes place during late-March on Vancouver Lake, Washington and has welcomed non-conference members from California, Oregon, and Washington. Conference championships are annually held the third weekend of April at the Cascade Sprints Regatta on Lake Stevens, Washington.
1952:

Background.
EV-D68 first was identified in California in 1962. Compared with other enteroviruses, it has been rarely reported in the U.S. in the past 40 years. Most people who get infected are infants, children and teens.EV-D68 usually causes mild to severe respiratory illness; however, the full spectrum of EV-D68 illness is not well-defined. Most start with common cold symptoms of runny nose and cough. Some, but not all, may also have fever. For more severe cases, difficulty breathing, wheezing or problems catching your breath may occur. As of October 4, 2014, there has been one death in New Jersey directly linked to EV-D68, as well as one death in Rhode Island attributed to a combination of EV-D68 and sepsis caused by an infection of staphylococcus aureus.
The term "freak" appeared throughout the liner notes of the 1966 Mothers of Invention album, "Freak Out!". In 1967, The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band's album parodied the expression in the sleeve notes for the song "Cool Britannia", which said "Someone letta Freak-Out? What do you think Reader?" Another musical reference is in Joni Mitchell's 1971 song "Carey": "A round for these freaks and these soldiers / A round for these friends of mine..." Ian Gillan of Deep Purple often referred to himself as a freak, such as in the song "Space Truckin'" (with the lyric "The Freaks said 'Man those cats could really swing'") and the song "No No No" (with the line "Looking at them all it feels good to be a freak"). Following the success of the 1978 smash hit "Le Freak" by Chic, the term enjoyed somewhat of a resurgence on the funk scene by the early 1980s, thanks to artists like Rick James, Whodini and Midnight Star. In 1981, Was (Not Was) released "Out Come the Freaks". The 1988 album "Bug" by Dinosaur Jr includes the song "Freak Scene".
Kitty re-emerged in "Let 'Em Eat Cake" to rescue George Sr. from the hospital. They escaped to Mexico together but were separated again when he was pronounced dead. Kitty caught up with him in "Spring Breakout" and blackmailed him into staying with her, and giving her the son he had promised her (prompting George Sr. to comment, "Never promise crazy a baby"). Michael and Gob managed to rescue their father while Lucille had a showdown with her rival. The Bluth matriarch put her years of alcohol abuse to good use by besting Kitty in a drinking contest. Seemingly defeated, the hung over mistress returned to her hotel room to discover the Bluths had inadvertently left behind the ransom she'd been asking for: "250cc's of George Sr." in a cooler.
The Minister of Food Control (1916–1921) and the Minister of Food (1939–1958) were British government ministerial posts separated from that of the Minister of Agriculture. A major task of the latter office was to oversee rationing in the United Kingdom arising out of World War II. The Minister was assisted by a Parliamentary Secretary.
"For a list of all closed stations on the island, see :Category:Disused railway stations on the Isle of Wight."
LMA holds records for over 80 hospitals and local regional health authorities within the south east area. The Hospital records range from County Asylums like Hanwell Asylum and Colney Hatch Lunatic Asylum to major teaching hospitals like Guy's Hospital and St Thomas' Hospital and specialist hospitals like Moorfields Eye Hospital and Queen Charlotte's Hospital, right down to much smaller local hospitals. Anybody wishing to find out what hospital records are held at the LMA would do well to firstly consult the hospital records database on the national archives website. The collection of records is not arranged alphabetically as many different hospitals may be covered by one particular management trust, therefore it is worth asking at the reference room desk and they will direct you to the particular binder that you need. It is also worth consulting the 3 leaflets on hospital records that the archive had produced, namely No.9 Sources for the history of nursing, which details the Florence Nightingale collection amongst the records of St Thomas' Hospital, No.13 a general guide to hospital records and No.15 which is concerned with patients records. All patient's records amongst the hospitals collections are subject to data protection laws and may be closed access depending on their date.
Taco Bell contributed to the marketing of the film with $20 million in media support. The marketing campaign featured commercials of the Taco Bell chihuahua chanting, "Here, lizard lizard lizard!" while attempting to trap the monster in a box. Trendmasters manufactured the toys for the film, including the 11-inch tall "Living Godzilla" and the 21-inch tall "Ultimate Godzilla".
Social contributions.
Besides the annual Rath Yatra, another popular festival celebrated in the town is the 'Ghata Porbo' or 'Thakurani Yatra' (procession of the goddess) held usually during summer. During the festival, every community has the chance to take its goddesses out of the temples and visit all other localities. The processions last for days and weeks, with dramas and other entertainment held during the nights. Local musical instruments like 'Dombo baido' and 'Singha baido' accompany such processions.
Ashby St Ledgers is a village in the Daventry district of Northamptonshire, England. The post town is Rugby in Warwickshire. The Manor House is famous for being a location for the planning of the Gunpowder Plot in 1605. This building is now part of the Crown estate.

The Tatars of the Crimean Khanate participated in the Rebellion, seeing it as a source of captives to be sold as slaves. There was a large influx of captives in the slavemarkets in Crimea at the time of the Uprising, and there was a concerted ransom effort by the Ottoman Jews.
All Saints' church is one of the oldest, largest and most complete Anglo-Saxon churches in the country. It was founded circa 680 AD and has been called as ""The finest Saxon church north of the Alps"". There is another Anglo-Saxon church away at Earls Barton, east of Northampton.
He was 20 years old, and a Rifleman in the 1st Battalion, 5th Royal Gurkha Rifles, in the Indian Army during World War II when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC.
Production.
PS2, PS-2, or PS/2 may refer to:
Persistent elevations in blood sugar (and, therefore, HbA1c) increase the risk of long-term vascular complications of diabetes such as coronary disease, heart attack, stroke, heart failure, kidney failure, blindness, erectile dysfunction, neuropathy (loss of sensation, especially in the feet), gangrene, and gastroparesis (slowed emptying of the stomach). Poor blood glucose control also increases the risk of short-term complications of surgery such as poor wound healing.
The MNC was a "national" party with substantial support in the whole of Congo, while most other parties were based primarily on tribal or ethnic allegiances and garnered support in their respective provinces.
Trim levels and engines.
Talk shows had their genesis in the decade with NBC's "Today" hosted by Dave Garroway creating the much-copied genre format. "The Tonight Show" debuted in 1954 with Steve Allen as host. The coronation of Elizabeth II was televised on June 2, 1953, highlighting the start of pan-European cooperation with regards to the exchange of TV programs. The Academy Awards show was first televised in 1953 on NBC, and the show holds the distinction of having won the most Emmys in history, with 38 wins and 167 nominations. In 1953 CBS anchor Walter Cronkite was the host of an historical news show entitled "You Are There." Which highlighted important news events from history like the 1776 signing of The Declaration of Independence and which featured "live" interviews with the famous participants like Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams et al., all played by actors.

In 1998, Howlett was offered the chance to do a mix for Mary Anne Hobbs' radio show. He dug out some of his old favourite tracks again and this prompted him to release an edited (due to some copyright issues) version of the mix in February, 1999. It was the first material which was recorded in his new home studio "The Dirtchamber", so accordingly the album was to be called "Prodigy present The Dirtchamber Sessions Volume One".
<doc id="1192590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1192590" title="Static Taxi">
Politics.
<doc id="1192797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1192797" title="Cooee">
Symon and Duncan kept in touch and continued to write and record, eventually signing a deal with EMI Publishing. In 2005, This Picture was scheduled to record a third album at the Loungefish Recording Studio in Gloucestershire with a Spring 2006 release but no release has been seen to date. Symon was also a member of a band called 'd tone & Me' and four of his songs are featured in a movie directed by E D Maytum, called "Blind" (2007).
KQAL-FM at Winona State University in Winona, Minnesota went on the air in December 1975 as a ten watt station. An alternative independent radio station from the beginning, broadcasting began from the roof of the Performing Arts Center. KQAL was started by faculty members Jacque Reidelberger and Brice Wilkinson and student manager, the late Bruce Hittner. A laboratory for the Speech Department at WSU, KQAL has been staffed primarily by students from its inception.
In April 1902 Edwin Hawley and John W. Gates acquired a large block of L&N stock which they sold within a few weeks to J.P. Morgan & Co. Before the year was over Morgan sold his L&N interest — 51 percent — to the ACL. In May 1902 L&N and SOU, both under J. P. Morgan's control, jointly purchased the Monon Railroad. Many pieces of the Seaboard System Railroad were in place 80 years before the creation of that railroad.
In the 2007 Aperture the club finished second to last in the percentage table just above Puebla F.C. and below Tigres de la UANL with a percentage of 1.0706.
Box office.

After recognizing why and how Yoshihiro behaved on the battle field, Ieyasu had Shimazu clan retain its domain and let Yoshihiro's son Shimazu Tadatsune succeed him. Yoshihiro retired to Sakurajima and took up teaching younger generations. He died in 1619 and several of his retainers who had fought alongside him followed him by committing suicide.
The fourth generation of Wallenbergs joined the family business in 1953, including heir apparent Marc Wallenberg, eldest son of Marcus Wallenberg (junior), who became a deputy CEO at Stockholms Enskilda Bank in 1953, before taking over as CEO in 1958. After a power struggle between Jacob Wallenberg and his younger brother Marcus Wallenberg (junior), Jacob Wallenberg resigned from the board of directors in 1969.
Same (John) Shaw VC (Unknown – 27 December 1859) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Design.
Background.
History.
The Sesse Islands are inhabited by the Bantu speaking Bassese tribe, closely related to the Baganda and the Basoga, and speaking a similar, though distinct language. Prior to the arrival of Europeans, the islands were one of the most important spiritual centers of the region. About forty-three (50%) of the islands are inhabited. The islands vary in size from less than , to over in length for the largest island, Bugala Island.
Subspecies.

The roadrunner usually lives alone or in pairs. It is monogamous and may mate for life, and pairs may hold a territory all year. During the courtship display, the male bows, alternately lifting and dropping his wings and spreading his tail. He parades in front of the female with his head high and his tail and wings drooped, and may bring an offering of food. The reproductive season is spring to mid-summer (depending on geographic location and species).
Managerial career with the New York Mets.

Piaget own the largest jewellery workshop in Geneva. Every stone is cut, adjusted and set by hand. The diamonds meet the highest standards of colour (D to G) and clarity (IF to VVS.) The diamonds are tested according to in-house guidelines based on their colour, size, clarity and carat.
Coseley railway station is on the West Coast Main Line, and is operated by London Midland.
<doc id="1194763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1194763" title="2004 United States election voting controversies">

After the breakup of Uncle Tupelo Stirratt rejoined Jeff Tweedy, Ken Coomer and Max Johnston to found Wilco in 1994. Since the founding of Wilco, Stirratt and Tweedy are the only members to contribute to all Wilco releases. Stirratt also joined Wilco members Jay Bennett and Ken Coomer to form Courtesy Move, an early Wilco side project that recorded an album in late 1996 that was never released.
Sigma Pi demands its members have a reasonable amount of interest and participation in its affairs. Sigma Pi's expectations are summarized by the 10 obligations. All brothers are expected to regard each obligation with utmost seriousness and strive to work towards their fulfillment. If properly followed, these obligations help make Sigma Pi chapters run effectively and efficiently as well as making Sigma Pi men outstanding members of their communities and society.
Location and description.
The first Sachem was a sloop of war in the United States Navy during the American Revolutionary War.
To better reflect its growing route structure, the airline was renamed Trans International Airlines in 1960. Between 1966 and 1986 TIA operated regular charter flights to Europe. Destinations were Paris Orly, London Gatwick, Brussels Zaventem and Frankfurt. TIA contributed to cheap transatlantic flights which did not exist at the time. 
The graphics got from positive to mixed reception. The graphic design and style was praised, but still reviewers criticized that the level design was still blocky and primitive. The story and cutscene animation were universally praised, and compared to watching an anime. In comparison to the first game, the story was also found to be darker and deeper. "Eurogamer" also focused in this, finding the game's story to be a more "rolling narrative rather than a simple 'click the face, beat the boss, save the world' sort of cop-out" comparing it with the original 2D series. Sound effects and music were likewise well-received, with the exception of Mega Man's voice, which was derided as too feminine.
The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival in September 2004. In order to qualify for Academy Award consideration, it opened on eight screens in New York City and Los Angeles on December 29, 2004, earning $28,243 on its opening weekend. It played in only 24 theaters in the US at its widest release, and eventually grossed $164,308 domestically and $1,676,952 in foreign markets for a total worldwide box office of $1,841,260.
In the 1970s he became a leader of the New Communist Movement which broke away from the older Communist Party USA and its allegiance to the Soviet Union. He headed the Communist Party (Marxist-Leninist), in which role he was one of the first U.S. political activists to visit the People's Republic of China. Klonsky later became critical of Marxist dogma but stayed active in civil rights, anti-war and educational reform politics.
Just before the film was due to be shown at the 1967 New York Film Festival, the government of Massachusetts tried to get an injunction banning its release. The government claimed that the film violated the patients' privacy and dignity. Although Wiseman received permission from all the people portrayed or the hospital superintendent (their legal guardian), Massachusetts claimed that this permission could not take the place of valid release forms from the inmates. It also claimed that Wiseman breached an "oral contract" giving the state government editorial control over the film. However, a New York state court allowed the film to be shown. In 1968, however, Massachusetts Superior Court judge Harry Kalus ordered the film yanked from distribution and called for all copies to be destroyed, citing the state's concerns about violations of the patients' privacy and dignity.
The country's news is provided for English speakers e.g. by news magazine Der Spiegel and state broadcaster Deutsche Welle.
On 11 October 1855 in the Sea of Azov, Crimea, Commander Commerell of HMS "Weser", with the Quartermaster (William Thomas Rickard) and a seaman, went to destroy large quantities of forage on the shore of the Putrid Sea. After a difficult and dangerous journey they reached their objective – a magazine of corn – and managed to ignite the stacks, but the guards were alerted and immediately opened fire and gave chase. The pursuit was so hot that the men had difficulty in escaping, but they finally reached their ship and the lookouts later reported that the fodder store had burned to the ground.
Reference(Kuby Immunology)
Cubic boron nitride.
As it is not strictly a single disease, its presentation depends on the specific disease entity: it may present with isolated hematuria and/or proteinuria (blood or protein in the urine); or as a nephrotic syndrome, a nephritic syndrome, acute renal failure, or chronic renal failure.

Things changed course in the 1980s. The changing of the political culture was accompanied by an explosion in youth culture. This helped the emergence of a distinct French rock that could match the lucrativeness of American and British rock music. At this time, French progressive rock was peaking, with the bands Dün, Terpandre and Emeraude achieving the most success. Téléphone (pub rock), and La Muerte (psychobilly) also took French rock to new levels.
There are cases where a person that received major trauma to one side of the brain, such as a gunshot wound, has required a hemispherectomy and survived. The most notable case is that of Ahad Israfil, who lost the right side of his cerebrum in 1987 in a gun-related work accident. He eventually regained most of his faculties, though he still required a wheelchair. It was noted that reconstructive surgery was difficult due to the gunshot shattering his skull, and he is living with a large indentation on that side of his head.
Flag.

Early in 1985, WNBC was basically a Hot AC station with a moderate amount of 1960s and 1970s music mixed in. That year they evolved from a music intensive format to more of a full-service AC station, with music as a background and personality as the foreground. In the spring of 1985, former children's television show host Soupy Sales started a talk-intensive program in middays, replacing the Frank Reed all request radio show, heard 1984–1985 weekdays 10 am – 3 pm. Soupy combined comedy, games, and talk, while playing 6 to 8 songs per hour. On weekends they became oldies-based, emphasizing 1960s oldies while still playing current product in moderation; they were now basically out of the Top 40/CHR realm by then. Their younger audience base had already gone to WHTZ or WPLJ, but with Stern in afternoons and Imus in the morning they continued to do reasonably well.
Reed valve
Smith was 37 years old, and a captain in the 43rd (Monmouthshire) Regiment of Foot (later the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry), British Army during the Waikato-Hauhau Maori War, New Zealand when the following deed took place on 21 June 1864 at Tauranga for which he was awarded the VC.
By 1943, the British and American armed forces were allowed basing rights in Portugal, and the Royal Air Force took over Lajes Field as RAF Station Lajes. The Azores permitted British and American airplanes to protect Allied shipping in the mid-Atlantic.

<br>340 Master Astrologer
Facilities were not enough; Bacher needed physicists. Lauritsen had made a start on this too, by hiring Robert Christy. Bacher hired experimental physicists Alvin Tollestrup, Robert M. Walker and Matthew Sands. The physicist that Bacher decided he wanted most, though, was Richard Feynman. To get him, Bacher offered a large salary, and agreed to pay for Feynman's 1950–1951 sabbatical in Brazil. Feynman would go on to win the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965. In 1955 Bacher hired Murray Gell-Mann, who would win the Nobel Prize in 1969.
Publications.
The name is derived from "Werwolf", which is German for werewolf. The naming scheme is in accord with other code-names given to "Führerhauptquartiere" during the Second World War, such as "Wolfsschanze." Several were named for Hitler himself, whose nickname was "Wolf", an old German form of "Adolf."
References.
His various credited and uncredited roles as an actor, bassist and vocalist in live-action films include "Sadie McKee" (1934), "Roberta" (1935), "Only Angels Have Wings" (1939), "The Wizard of Oz" (1939), "Rhythm Parade" (1942), "Campus Rhythm" (1943), "Sarge Goes to College" (1947), "Smart Politics" (1948) and "The Great Rupert" (1950).

<doc id="1198288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1198288" title="Group B">
Yasser
Windows utilities include Norton Disk Doctor, Speed Disk, System Watch, File Compare, INI Tracker, INI Tuner, INI editor, INI Advisor
Takara Co., Ltd. ("Takara" means "treasure") was a Japanese toy company founded in 1955, that merged with another prominent Japanese toy company, Tomy Co., Ltd., on March 1, 2006 to form Takara Tomy before declaring bankruptcy, also known in English as TOMY Company Ltd.

Phunky Rhymes
Radio K also transmits via a 99-watt translator W264BR 100.7 FM which is co-located with the main AM transmitter. When it went online in late July 2005 the original 10-watt transmitter limited the covered area to only the U of M's St. Paul and Minneapolis campuses with spotty coverage even within the inner-ring suburbs. In early July 2011 the transmitter was upgraded to 99 watts. This significantly expanded the covered area to include almost all inner ring suburbs and many outer ring suburbs with the potential for reception as far away as Hastings, MN or Hudson, WI under favorable conditions.
The silver model Lancaster was one of only ten such models which were commissioned by the aircraft’s manufacturers, Messrs A.V. Roe & Co. and by Rolls Royce (suppliers of the Lancaster engines) and presented to the ten Victoria Cross winners (or their families) who flew Lancasters in the Second World War. On the base stand of the model is a silver plaque inscribed: "A Tribute from the Directors of A.V. Roe & Company and Rolls Royce Limited. To the Memory of Captain Edwin Swales," V.C., D.F.C., S.A.A.F., who was Awarded the Victoria Cross for his great Gallantry and Self-Sacrifice during Operations Against the Enemy on 23rd February 1945".
"I'm facing defeat..."
Support units
In the archipelago of the Azores
Emperor Xuānzong was said to be careful in promoting and rewarding officials, such that it was not often that he rewarded officials with the highly honorable red and purple uniforms, and was also said to be fair in his promotions such that he did not unjustly favor those who were close to him. Further, he punished those who were close to him when they deserved to be punished, and did not spare them on account of their closeness to him. In order to make sure that the prefects that he commissioned were suitable for the prefectures, he required that they report to Chang'an to meet with him before heading to their posts. It was also said that he was stern, even with the chancellors, such that even though Linghu Tao was chancellor for 10 years, he continued to fear the emperor.
In May 2011 Armando signed to play for the Bridgeport Bluefish of the Atlantic League Of Independent Baseball
On November 1, 1980 Seaboard Coast Line Industries merged with Chessie System, Inc. to form CSX Corporation, and in 1983 the Family Lines units were combined as the Seaboard System Railroad.
ToneLoc was a popular war dialing computer program for MS-DOS written in the early to mid-1990s by two programmers known by the pseudonyms Minor Threat (Chris Lamprecht) and Mucho Maas. The name ToneLoc was short for "Tone Locator" and was a word play on the name of the rap artist known as Tone Lōc. 
When Temple’s mother Gertrude Temple read the script, she tried to persuade Fox Film production head Winfield Sheehan to trim the role of Joy Smythe, a rich, mean, snobbish child and the complete opposite of Shirley’s winsome, lovable character. Sheehan however would not do so, believing the contrast between the two girls would enhance audience sympathy for Temple’s character.
Prometheus builds a house in the void as his headquarters, which is warped by the dimensional effects to become "crooked," and it is revealed that this is the setting for the story he now relates to Retro. Prometheus kills Retro, and courtesy of his advanced helmet copies the young man's mannerisms, intending to masquerade as Retro to gain access to the JLA Watchtower.
UN Goodwill Ambassador.
"Wish Upon a Blackstar" period (2004–2012).
The British ballet dancer Sally Gilmour was born there in 1921. 
Kuusinen was married to communist politicians Tuure Lehén (1923–1933) and Yrjö Leino (1945–1950).
Within London, the desire for banks to be there put pressure on the City of London's ability to accommodate them. In the mid-1980s a crisis point was reached and, although the City was able to expand its stock of modern office space, this did not happen before Canary Wharf had been set up as a competitor. The irony is that Canary Wharf was built in the London Docklands that had, until 1970, been among the largest docks in the world. All manner of goods had been shipped from the factories of east London to the world; between 1961 and 1993 manufacturing employment in London fell from 1.6 million to 328,000.
VEF
Stamets is on the editorial board of "The International Journal of Medicinal Mushrooms" (Begell House), and is an advisor to the Program for Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona College of Medicine Medical School, Tucson, Arizona. He is active in researching the medicinal properties of mushrooms, and is involved in two NIH-funded clinical studies on cancer and HIV treatments using mushrooms as adjunct therapies. Having received 9 patents on the antiviral, pesticidal, and remediative properties of mushroom mycelia, his work has been called pioneering and visionary. A strong advocate of preserving biodiversity, Stamets supports research into the role of mushrooms for ecological restoration.
Jens Hundseid
From 1730, he also wrote for Sondershausen. Stölzel supplied numerous festive occasional pieces and arias for court performance; the archive at Schloss Sondershausen retains many of his manuscripts, found in a box behind the organ in 1870. Half of Stölzel's output, never engraved, is lost. Stölzel's immediate successor at the court in Gotha, Georg Benda, bears most of the responsibility for losing many of Stölzel's works. In 1778 Benda wrote: "... Only the best works of my predecessor, which could be used even today for church music, are saved, because already a long time ago I separated them from useless junk and kept them in my own house." This suggests that occasional music (birthday cantatas, serenatas), operas and so on, and most of Stölzel's instrumental music were lost during Benda's lifetime. Those "junk" pieces were apparently taken to the castle attic where holes in the roof exposed the manuscripts to rain and mildew damage, and rodents also ate the paper manuscripts as well. Christian Ahrens has offered another reason why so much of Stölzel's music vanished. According to Ahrens, musicians at the court apparently took instruments and music manuscripts and sold them in advertisements in local Gotha newspapers. Stölzel apparently did this himself before his death (possibly to cover medical expenses as he became more sick near the end of his life), and with Benda's prejudiced view towards the instrumental pieces, it is theorized that the musicians felt this gave them tacit permission to sell the music. The losses were staggering: Stölzel is reputed to have composed over 18 orchestral suites alone (none survive), as well as 90 serenatas (vocal pieces performed as "table music"). In fact, out of what had to have been thousands of compositions in Gotha, only twelve manuscripts survive there today.
In 2006, Christy hosted a program on Sirius XM channel Hard Attack called "Richard Christy's Heavy Metal Hoedown".
