
Erez Edelstein is an Israeli basketball coach. He is currently the head coach of Hapoel Tel-Aviv and the Israel national basketball team.
The relationship between the Japanese community and the church has an ancient origin: a Japanese mission, made of four dignitaries, came to Rome in 1585 to meet the Pope. One of the feasts, thrown in honour of the guests come from such a distance, consisted of a sailing on Tiber from the Port of Ripa Grande to Ostia, which should have been followed by a feast on the sea with musicians and singers. But a storm rose and everybody dreaded for his own life. So they all implored the Virgin of the church, that they had visited before leaving, and the storm calmed down. The event gave rise to the tradition of a sung Mass, that is celebrated on 8 June (the anniversary day), with the attendance of delegates from the Japan Embassy in the Holy See and from the Japanese community in Rome (source: Enrico Pucci). Since 2007, in order to guarantee a better exposure, the event is commemorated during the Titular Holiday. 
The rocket motor had internal and external main chambers which were cooled by the nitric acid fuel, fed through a coiled spiral tube. The cenfrifugal fuel pumps (operating at 17,000rpm) delivered a mix of nitric acid oxidiser and hydrocarbon fuel at , a rate of "per" thrust "per" second. The 718s fuel pumps were driven by a power take-off from the jet engine which ran at 3,000 rpm. The complete unit weighed . 
2009:
Catherine von Schindel moved with her 3rd husband to her estate in Festenberg, where she lived till her death in 1601. She is buried inside of the church in Festenberg as well as are all of her three husbands.

"Tattoo" debuted at No. 55 on the "Billboard" Country Airplay chart for the week ending June 14, 2014 on unsolicited airplay prior to its official release.
By composer.
Chrysoprasis rugulicollis
The building was built using traditional Chinese style with wooden carving and tablets inscribe phrases of good manners.
Timings.
Kara Project
<doc id="42886002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42886002" title="TMEM151B">
Teaching Career and education.
