
Glen Flagler distillation commenced on the 25 February 1965 and the distillery was subsequently closed in July 1985.
Museum exhibits highlight economic, technological, social, and cultural contributions made throughout the region by loggers and the logging industry. Interior displays include working models of sawmills and logging camps, historic logging photos, dioramas illustrating the evolution of logging from the 1850s to the present day, and a large collection of logging tools such as handsaws, drag saws and chainsaws, peeves and canthooks, broadaxes and felling axes. Also, a full-size scene of a 1930s-era logging camp family cabin, and touch-screen displays of logging sights and sounds are highlights of the museum.
Allan's only Test came against the touring Lord Harris XI in 1879. He had been selected for the first two Tests two years earlier but had declined selection both times, including preferring to attend the Warrnambool Agricultural Fair with friends than playing in the inaugural Test match.
Animated series.
James Murphy (electronic musician)
Spotted by a Universal Studios talent scout while starring at the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Canada in 1975, Macht was signed to a contract and by the mid 1970s had left teaching and was making frequent appearances in TV episodes and movies.
stá:kwi:ʔ<br>
Brown charted at least 96 entries on the Billboard Hot 100 and at least 110 entries on the R&B chart. Seventeen of Brown's singles, including five credited as "James Brown and the Famous Flames", hit number-one on the R&B chart. He recorded several more hits pseudonymously, notably "(Do the) Mashed Potatoes" and "Doing It to Death". In addition to his own hits, Brown wrote and produced charting records by many other performers, including Bobby Byrd, Hank Ballard, Tammy Montgomery, Lyn Collins, Marva Whitney, and The J.B.'s. In contrast to his chart success, few of Brown's hit recordings were certified by the RIAA, partly due to the reluctance of his record labels to pay the required fees. He had just two "certified" gold singles - "Get on the Good Foot" (1972) and "The Payback" (1974) - and one gold album, 1974's "The Payback".
The nasal diphthongs are ae̜, ao̜, eo̜, oe̜.
