Greene County Career and Technology Center is a comprehensive career and technical school serving students from five school districts and their respective high schools in Greene County. The school is centrally-located in the county, in Franklin Township, just east of Waynesburg.

If the Heir to the Throne, for one of the reasons enumerated in article 41, cannot exercise the power of Regent, this shall be exercised by three persons appointed by special act or by the will of the King. At the same time the King shall appoint a substitute for each of the three Regents. If the post of a Regent and that of his substitute become vacant, Parliament elects by secret vote, in joint session, a new Regent from, the two remaining substitutes. If only one of them is alive, he succeeds to the vacant post of Regent without a vote being taken. 



Emperors SaGa
Kadri Göktulga (1904 – 18 October 1973) was a Turkish football player who played for Fenerbahçe and the Turkey national football team. Born in İstanbul, he played as a left back and left midfielder.
Context.
Dual enrollment.
Walk off the Earth
In addition to locally-produced programs, KKWE carries programming from Pacifica such as Democracy Now; as well as Native Voice One programs, such as Native America Calling and National Native News.
The hill’s name is thought to come from the stands of she oaks (casuarinas, Allocasuarina verticillata) growing on the hill, mainly on the eastern side.
Aslan is best known for his first novel "Malek al-Hazin" (1983), translated by Elliott Colla under the English title "The Heron"; and its sequel 16 years later called "As-safir al-Nil" (1999), translated as "Nile Sparrows" by Mona El-Ghobashy. "The Heron" was selected as one of the top 100 Arabic novels by the Arab Writers Union and is his most famous work. "The Heron" was turned into an award-winning film ("The Kit Kat", 1991) by leading Egyptian director Daoud Abdel Sayed. More recently, Magdi Ahmed Ali directed a film version under the title "Birds of the Nile" (2009). 

Aliya High School for Boys
Meichsner received 2005 the Georg von Holtzbrinck Price for Science Journalism.
Beth Hardie for the "Daily Mirror" wrote that the remix came as a shock, because of how Brown "beat her virtually senseless in a car three years ago just before the Grammys," and noted that Rihanna would face harsh criticism from journalists and fans alike for not setting a good example to younger girls. Hardie continued to state that although the collaboration came as a surprise, "We have to admit, it’s a pretty amazing stroke of genius in terms of publicity and messing with people’s minds." Regarding the collaboration on the remix Jo Usmar from "Daily Mirror" compared the collaboration to the physical altercation between Rihanna and Brown at the 2009 Grammy Awards, writing "In case you've been living in a cave for the last two years this is extraordinarily controversial as Brown was convicted of assaulting Rihanna in 2009 and there was a restraining order issued against him." Ben Rayner for the "Toronto Sun" was complimentary of the remix, writing that it was an improvement upon the original interlude, "What was empty, unfinished titillation before, then, has become empty, overstated, boardroom-written pseudo-pornography for the pop charts."
Club career.
This is a list of museums in Trinidad and Tobago.
Raluca Sandu

In the episode, Holmes (Benedict Cumberbatch) and his crime-solving partner John Watson (Martin Freeman) take on the case of Henry Knight (Russell Tovey), who 20 years earlier witnessed the brutal killing of his father by a "gigantic hound" on Dartmoor. The investigation leads the pair to Baskerville, a military research base. In the conclusion it is revealed that the hounds were images induced by a mind-altering drug, a chemical weapon whose creator was in fact the real murderer of Henry's father.

Futebol Clube do Porto is a Portuguese professional football club based in Porto, currently competing in the top tier Primeira Liga. Since its foundation in 1893 by António Nicolau de Almeida, the club has had 30 different presidents. Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa is the current and longest-serving president, having been in office since 1982. During his term, Porto won all of its international trophies as well as the majority of its national titles.
Jim Duncan (footballer)

Athletics.
