Cotuza
Cyclodes (moth)

KZTB broadcasts a Spanish-language regional Mexican format as part of Adelante's nationally syndicated "La Gran D" radio network. The station serves the greater Tri-Cities, Washington, area. The Tri-Cities area, dubbed the "Heart of Washington's Wine Country", is now home to an increasing population of Hispanics, primarily immigrants from Mexico.

ChristianCinema.com was co-founded in 1999 in Visalia, California, by brothers, Kevin (President) and Bobby Downes (CEO). They wanted to make movies and create a system for independent filmmakers to distribute their films. Bobby designed the website in the small apartment where he lived, Kevin shipped the first movie from his spare bedroom, and they produced their first movie, "The Moment After," the same year. It has been shown on the Trinity Broadcasting Network, and its website gives filmmakers a place to submit screening copies of their work with the possibility of being distributed and promoted by the website. The company now has its own warehouse and 14 employees. Angela Walker (director of producer relations) sends a weekly e-newsletter with recommendations about new releases and more to over 58,000 people. Jared Geesey is the Vice President of ChristianCinema.com.



<doc id="22171781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22171781" title="KGCV">
Even though adult morphology is well described, studies on the planktonic phyllosoma phase have been comparatively neglected given its long duration, which has made it difficult to rear them in the laboratory. Despite the relatively large size of these larvae and their immediate recognition in plankton sorting, important identification problems due to the lack of detailed and specific morphological descriptions have precluded specific determination in many plankton samples. Recent efforts to identify phyllosoma larvae using molecular techniques have provided further insight into the ecology and distribution.
In 2007, Kaspersky Internet Security 7 received an award from the British magazine "PC Pro" and also won a place in its "A List".
Awards.
Canal 9 HD launched on August 15, 2012. From the start, it was available from Canal Digital, Stofa, YouSee & TDC TV several community antennas and fiber networks.
Since the Local Elections of June 2009, Fine Gael is now the largest party on the Authority, with 17 members, to 13 from Fianna Fáil, 5 from Sinn Féin, 1 from the Green Party and 2 Independents. 
In the United States.
Fragment of a Crucifixion

Rhoads became president in 1884 before it was officially inaugurated on September 23, 1885.
Saqafi died on 21 March 2009, in Tehran after a long illness at the age of 96. Thousands of people attended her funeral, including the Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and then President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Saqafi was buried next to her husband at his Mausoleum in Behesht-e Zahra. She was survived by her three daughters.
In April 2009, Berchiche made a robust tackle on Scunthorpe United's Henri Lansbury (on loan from Arsenal), leaving his opponent with a suspected broken leg. Although he was not sent off for the challenge, Cheltenham manager Martin Allen ordered him to leave the field anyway; it was later revealed that Lansbury did not sustain any major damage to his leg.
Musical equipment.
The building opened in 1906 as the La Mirada Theatre. In 1929, as the Filmarte Theatre, it was a movie house showing only non-American films, catering to the "various foreign colonies in east Los Angeles. Russians from Boyle Heights were among its best customers." It is the theater where Bob Hope performed his first stand-up act. The "You Bet Your Life" television program, starring Groucho Marx, was filmed there in the 1950s. 
<doc id="22178643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22178643" title="Henry Pike Bowie">

The Edinburgh by-election, 1941 was a parliamentary by-election held on 11 December 1941 for the British House of Commons constituency of Edinburgh Central in Scotland.
