In 1993 Minnesota passed a provision that added sexual orientation to the state's human rights law. The provision has been characterized by its supporters as protecting “gay and lesbian teachers and students from discrimination”. In early 2003 Rep. Lindner claimed that the provision was a shield for the promotion of homosexuality, “In some of the schools, we've got children as young as three, in pre-school, on up through the years that are being taught homosexual practices. And it doesn't mean they're going to be homosexual, but unfortunately they hear about some of the sexual activities of the homosexual, and they're being told that it's safe and so forth and healthy, and it isn't.” He claimed “parents have complained to the schools, and administrators have told them that there's nothing they can do because of state law.” Lindner co-authored a bill to repeal this provision and worked to get it a hearing by a House committee. Meeting with homosexuals opposed to his bill Lindner stressed “I don't hate any of those people. I know they accuse me of hating and wanting all kind of terrible things to happen to them, but I don't hate any of them. I do love them. Actually this would benefit them if they were to leave that lifestyle or if they would maybe be more faithful to one partner, if it's got to be that way. But it's my understanding that gays have hundreds and even thousands of partners over a lifetime.” His remarks were seen as offensive by many Minnesotan homosexuals who said “most gays and lesbians are in committed relationships.” They also took issue with Lindner's suggestion that homosexuality is a lifestyle choice.
The Sherbrooke Jets were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, based in Sherbrooke, Quebec. They were a farm team of the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets. The team played for the 1982–83 AHL season coached by Rick Bowness and the 1983–84 AHL season coached by Ron Racette.
<doc id="8418507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8418507" title="Scouting in South East England">

