In popular culture.
The colony's first Lieutenant Governor, John Graves Simcoe, occupied a couple of residences during his tenure. Upon his arrival in Upper Canada in 1792, he used one of the buildings at Navy Hall in Niagara-on-the-Lake as a residence, sharing the space with Upper Canada’s legislature. When Simcoe moved the colonial capital to York (present-day Toronto) in 1793, he built a summer residence, Castle Frank, north of the settlement in 1794. Simcoe's successor and the colony's second Lieutenant Governor, Peter Hunter, initially continued to reside in his own home, Russell Abbey, located at the south-west corner of Princess and Front streets. 
Beam (music)
It initially consisted of the District Municipality of Muskoka, the Territorial District of Parry Sound (excluding the towns of Powassan and Trout Creek and the townships of Nipissing, North Himsworth and South Himsworth) and the township of Sherborne and Others (formerly Sherborne, McClintock, Livingstone, Lawrence and Nightingale) in the County of Haliburton.
He nevertheless took photographs of such various figures as Blaise Cendrars, Jean Cocteau, Paul Fort, Lino Ventura, Habib Bourguiba or Madame René Coty in their homes, and was regarded as a first rank photographer in fashion and industry. More particularly he was one of the first to take coloured photographs on a wide scale and in big format print (4"x 5" and 5"x17"m) and the first to process his proper colour films in Paris (Ektachrome E3).
<doc id="2182170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2182170" title="2005 NASCAR Busch Series">
<doc id="2182264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2182264" title="List of North Dakota state parks">
<doc id="2182388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2182388" title="Kazimierz Zdziechowski">
Henry was also front-runner for a second TV gig in Australia as the host of the second series panel show "Can of Worms", replacing Ian Dickson, who hosted series one before resigning. However, the role went to Chrissie Swan
He returned to ASA in 1991 for a four-year stint as driver of a new team formed by Ernie Roselli. In 1995, he joined veteran crew chief Howie Lettow and Baker Motorsports. That in turn led to the 1996 championship and Raines' first major NASCAR ride.
Interconference rivalries.
Historians have shown little interest in the agreement, either mentioning it in passing or ignoring it altogether. Stubbs does not mention it in his "Constitutional History of England", nor does Hume in his "History of England". Skene's "Celtic Scotland" refers to it as an agreement in his background discussion for the reign of Alexander II's successor, Alexander III, while Burton's "History of Scotland" mentions that claims of land were discussed in 1237 and briefly describes some of them, but makes no reference to an agreement or treaty. James Hill Ramsay's "Dawn of the Constitution" gives a fuller discussion of the agreement, but does not give it any particular prominence.
Even complete occlusion of the ophthalmic artery may possibly leave the eye without symptoms, probably because of circulatory anastomoses 
Ellen and William Craft

A variety of birdlife in the Sauk Valley makes for very interesting bird watching. The forests and grasslands are home to most of the birds native to central Minnesota. Cardinals, woodpeckers and many songbirds are common. Grouse, pheasant and partridge are some of the more popular gamebirds found near the Sauk. Birds of prey such as various hawks, owls and an occasional bald eagle can also be seen when canoeing the river. Along most of the river it is common to see great blue herons.
"The Japanese site only explicitly makes this claim for dai dai shogi and taikyoku shogi. The move and promotion is symmetrical with the old kite in tai shogi, and one would expect the move to be different in these three game variants."
Wednesday moved to Berlin in 1992, where he worked with Nina Hagen, being involved with pre-production and programming for her 1995 album, "FreuD euch" ("Bee Happy").
Pegg, Nicholas, "The Complete David Bowie", Reynolds & Hearn Ltd, 2000, ISBN 1-903111-14-5
In 2006, Colin and his wife Julie, formed the charity the Finlay Cooper Fund, named after his son who died in a tragic accident in 2002, which raises money for children's causes. In 2013, Colin and 12 others (which included Craig Hignett and Jeff Stelling) climbed Mount Kilimanjaro for charity; the climb raised £100,000.


At the opposite end, there were two extensions: one in 1965 across the Yauza River (also on an open bridge), and another in 1990 into Bogorodskoye.
