Fontibus may refer to:
José Comas Quesada (3 February 1928 – 14 January 1993) was a Canarian painter born in the Puerto de la Luz, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. He is considered one of the greatest exponents of watercolour painting, both in the Canaries and Spain, of the last quarter of the 20th century.
Politics.
History.
Thence he went to Walciodorus, now Wassor, between Dinant and Givet. The pious emperor Otto heard of his fame, and, after some hesitation in acknowledging Forannan's rank, took the abbey under his protection. Walciodorus had been founded in 945 by Eilbert, and Macallen, an Irishman, was the first abbot. Macallen, on leaving Ireland, had first gone to Peronne, the Irish monastery founded by St. Fursa, and there won the patronage of Hersendis, the wife of Count Eilbert. Walciodorus was one of a group of such monasteries supplied with inmates from Ireland. 
Hen Reuven
He made his first-team debut on 23 July 2011 in Falkirk's 2–1 win over Brechin City in the Scottish Challenge Cup. El Alagui scored his first goal for Falkirk in a 4–2 away win against Albion Rovers on 30 July. He started the 2011–12 season in fine goalscoring form for his new club, scoring 15 goals in 17 appearances up until 25 October 2011, including two goals in a 3–2 victory against SPL side Rangers in the Scottish League Cup. On 9 August, El Alagui scored the only goal of the game in a win over Dundee in the third round of the Scottish Challenge Cup. On 9 October, El Alagui scored a double in the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-final 3–0 win against Annan Athletic. In the January transfer window, El Alagui was linked with several clubs in England, with the likes of Crawley Town, making a bid for him twice, only to be rejected by Steven Pressley, describing the bid as 'derisory'. Farid El Alagui became famous among the Falkirk support for "Kissing the Coin" after every goal, the lucky coin being kept by the backroom staff at the touchline. On April 2012, he furthered his reputation with the Falkirk fans, after winning the Scottish Challenge Cup he jumped into the crowd to celebrate with the support. He was the second highest top scorer in Scottish football in 2011/12, with Gary Hooper scoring one more goal. Due to his impressive season, Farid became a cult hero amongst the Falkirk supporters. At the end of the season, El Alagui (along with teammate Michael McGovern) was nominated for PFA First Division Player of the Year, an award which El Alagui subsequently won. El Alagui was also named in the PFA First Division Team of the Year. He made 43 appearances and scored 27 goals during his only season with the club and departed in July 2012.
<doc id="32747064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=32747064" title="Daniel Mejías">
Head coach: Jacques Monclar
IRIS is an English and Irish language magazine which focuses on Irish republicanism, Irish politics, current affairs, history and foreign affairs. The first issue of the magazine was published in 1981. 
France–Haiti relations
The Collection of Collections consisted of seven collections belonging to private hands and one selected from the permanent collection of MODO. It is set up to show the wide range of collecting activities that occur in Mexico. Along with the display, the museum has co sponsored talks and meeting about collecting with academics from the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. The total exhibit consisted of over 500 pieces with each collection given its own room. Postcard collection of Carlos Villasana and Raul Torres, who are well known Mexico City collectors. The exhibit only has about sixty of the over 15,000 which include rare ones by famous photographers such as Guillermo Kahlo, Hugo Brehme and Charles B. Waite who documented aspects of Mexico from the late 1800s to the early 20th century. The 1980s tennis shoe ( belonging to Edgar Alejandro Cortes) and 1970s skateboard collections (belonging to Perseo Medrano) were arranged by Pablo Romo Molina, director of Street Active Lifestyle magazine. Other collections included toy robots belonging to Barbara Berger, antique lamps belonging to Alexandre Lamaire and hats from the 1920s to 1950s part of Rodrigo Flores´ collection. There is another room dedicated to Patricia Agraz´s hands collection and one room dedicated a set of domestic appliances which were part of the original donation to the museum by Newman.
Under Bhutan's early theocratic dual system of government, decreasingly effective central government control resulted in the "de facto" disintegration of the office of Shabdrung after the death of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in 1651. Under this system, the Shabdrung reigned over the temporal Druk Desi and religious Je Khenpo. Two successor Shabdrungs – the son (1651) and stepbrother (1680) of Ngawang Namgyal – were effectively controlled by the Druk Desi and Je Khenpo until power was further splintered through the innovation of multiple Shabdrung incarnations, reflecting speech, mind, and body. Increasingly secular regional lords (penlops and dzongpons) competed for power amid a backdrop of civil war over the Shabdrung and invasions from Tibet, and the Mongol Empire. The penlops of Trongsa and Paro, and the dzongpons of Punakha, Thimphu, and Wangdue Phodrang were particularly notable figures in the competition for regional dominance. During this period, there were a total of nine provinces and eight penlops vying for power.

(9169) 1988 TL1

The St Andrew's flag has a white background with two blue diagonal bands, forming a saltire, called St. Andrew's Cross. The ratio of the flag's width to its length is 1 / 1.5, the width of the blue band is 1 / 10 the length of the flag.


