Shidōkan may refer to:
Francisco Xavier Salazar Diez de Sollano (born 3 May 1968) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party. As of 2014 he served as Deputy of the LVII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing San Luis Potosí and since 2006 is a member of the Regulatory Commission of Energy.
The World Cup was founded in 1985 by German Werner Bayer, a carom billiards enthusiast and patron. He called the association "Billiards World Cup Association" (BWA ) and in 1986 the first tournament was held in Paris. As a patron he had excellent contact to sponsors, and quickly the tournament grew into a popular meeting place for players and spectators. At the time, the World-Cup had one of the highest monetary prizes. Between 1986 and 1989, the prize money per tournament was approximately  DM, with the winner receiving  DM. The BWA organized the World-Cup along with the world governing body, the Union Mondiale de Billard (UMB).
Then formula_153 is called an irregular immediate descendant with directed edge of depth formula_162.
Volumes.
"Heb haul na lleuad wen"
On 17 June, American special forces and FBI personnel captured Ahmed Abu Khattala, whom they suspect to have a connection with the 2012 attack in Benghazi that killed US ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other American nationals. President Barack Obama said that Abu Khattalah will face "the full weight of the American justice system".

The MV for "On and On" was directed by veteran director Song Won Young, who is well known for his past work, created very unique and mysterious visual scenes. All of the group member’s extreme hair and makeup styles, along with the wild dance performance captivated viewers.
CKUC-FM
The 2014 Sunderland City Council Election took place on 22 May 2014 to elect members of Sunderland Metropolitan Borough Council in Tyne and Wear, England. They were part of the United Kingdom local elections, 2014. A third of the council (25 of 75 seats) were up for election, the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.

Granvin Church
