Galeandra nivalis is a species of orchid endemic to northern Brazil.
The Freiburg Institute for Advanced Studies consisted 2008-2013 of four schools (School of History, School of Language and Literature, School of Life Sciences - LIFENET, School of Soft Matter Research), which mirror important research areas at the University of Freiburg. Since 2013 they are replaced with an open structure for all academic disciplines. With the beginning of the academic year 2014/2015, FRIAS will also concentrate on yearly two research foci.

George Rodney Eden was descended from the 3rd Eden Baronet of West Auckland. He was educated at Reading School and Pembroke College, Cambridge. He began his ecclesiastical career as Chaplain to the Bishop of Durham. After an incumbency at Bishop Auckland – in latter years he was also Rural Dean – he began what his "Times" obituary described as "nearly forty years of quiet but efficient service to the episcopate". He served as Chair of the Education Committee of the Church of England National Assembly.

<doc id="17676140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17676140" title="Henry Selby Hele-Shaw">
The design of the Torre de la Escollera called for a slender tower, tall with 58 floors. It would have been divided into 88 apartments, with the upper floors having just one apartment per floor, topped by a 3-level penthouse apartment and a rooftop helipad. With prices between 500 million and 1,200 million Colombian Pesos, the apartments would have been the most expensive in Colombia. Other facilities would have included a swimming pool and a spa.
Politics.

<doc id="17678818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17678818" title="Triac (car)">
The breed is known for the "frill" or "curls" on the wing shield feathers. The feather curl should also be present at the ends of the foot feathers or "muffs".
Palani G. Periasamy
1955 would see the departure of the fourth team of the eight originating teams from the 1937 tournament. The first 3rd place winning Southwestern College (Kan.) left the tournament with six career appearances, and an overall record of 12 wins and 5 loses, including a 3rd place finish in 1937 and a National Championship in 
Augusta hosts an annual LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) pride parade called Augusta Pride. Augusta Pride attracted 4,000 people in 2010, its first year. The festival is rapidly growing and an estimated 7,000 people attended in 2011.
Ambriz played high school soccer at Rio Mesa High School in Oxnard, California. He was a three-time All-Channel League and two-time All-California Interscholastic Federation player, as well as being the Channel League MVP in his senior season en route to the Spartans winning the Channel League title. He currently holds the school record with thirty-one goals in his senior season and is second in career goals with fifty-nine.
The Peruvian Amazon is divided into two areas: the High Jungle and the Lower Jungle. The High Jungle is more easily accessible, while the Lower Jungle is more pristine and untouched. In recent times, however, the government has increased accessibility to the Lower Jungle. Both areas contain an unrivaled diversity of animal and plant life. Large national preserves of interest to tourists include the Manú National Park, Rio Abiseo National Park, Pacaya Samiria National Reserve, and the Tambopata-Candamo Protected Area. Tourist agencies in these areas promote eco-friendly tourism to preserve the fragile ecosystems of the rainforest.

Although the majority seemed to agree that Martin & Co Ltd owed the Spartan Steel a duty of care and the damage was not too remote since it was foreseeable, they declined to allow the recovery of pure economic loss for policy reasons outlined by Lord Denning in his leading judgment:
In 2009 the Ministry’s organisational structure underwent significant changes (Decree 91/2009): the coordination of ministerial functions is still entrusted to a Secretary General, the General Directorates have been reduced from nine to eight, with new denominations and a partial reshaping of their responsibilities. The eight General Directorates continue to be technically supported by high level scientific bodies (Central Institutes). 
Spread spectrum -
Patrick Parrish is an officer in the United States Army.
Before the 1832 Reform Act, Lincolnshire sent twelve members to parliament, including two for the county, two for the city of Lincoln and two for the boroughs of Boston, Grantham, Great Grimsby and Stamford. As a result of the act, Lincolnshire's electoral divisions were amended, and Skinnand became part of the South Division Parliamentary District for Lincolnshire. Two Whig candidates, Henry Handley and Gilbert John Heathcote, were returned in the first election. The village remained in the South Division until 1867, when it was transferred to the Mid Division. In 1885 it joined the North Kesteven Division, and in 1918 it became part of the Grantham Division, until 1974.
This is a list of programs currently, formerly, and soon to be broadcast on Polsat in Poland.
Youth career.
Ipp was formerly a judge of the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, the highest court in the State of New South Wales, Australia, which forms part of the Australian court hierarchy.
Benny Waters was the third head football coach for the North Carolina Central University Eagles located in Durham, North Carolina and he held that position for two seasons, from 1927 until 1928. His coaching record at North Carolina Central was 7 wins, 8 losses, and 2 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 12th at North Carolina Central in total wins and tenth at North Carolina Central in winning percentage (.471).
<doc id="17686189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17686189" title="Fly (comics)">


The Harvard Lampoon Building (sometimes referred to as the Lampoon Castle) is a historic building in Cambridge, Massachusetts that is best known as the home of "The Harvard Lampoon" and for its unusual design.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Frederico Westphalen
In April 2007, nearly a century after the “Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet,” a new county-wide Ferry District was formed by the Metropolitan King County Council to expand transportation options for county residents. 
Career statistics.
Stud record.
LRP ration

The Seattle SuperSonics, the 11th franchise in the NBA, were founded by a group of investors led by Sam Schulman and Eugene Klein. The Sonics were founded by Schulman then served as president of the team and head of operations. He hired former Chicago Bulls assistant coach Al Bianchi to became the franchise's first head coach. The Sonics' selections included six-time All-Star Richie Guerin and one-time All-Star Tom Meschery. Guerin, who was serving as the St. Louis Hawks' player-coach when the Sonics selected him, decided to retired from playing and became a full-time head coach for the Hawks. He never played for the Sonics, even though he later came back from retirement to play with the Hawks. Nine players from the expansion draft joined the Sonics for their inaugural season, but only four played more than one season for the team. Mahdi Abdul-Rahman (then known as Walt Hazzard), who only played one season with the Sonics, was named to the 1968 All-Star Game, becoming the franchise's first All-Star.
Tanur may refer to several places:

The school drew media attention during the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, during which the students protested by creating a large statue, called the Goddess of Democracy. Each of the eight art academies signed a statement explaining the purpose of the statue.
<doc id="17693080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17693080" title="List of former child actors from the Netherlands">
Malphrus appointment as an Immigration Judge by Alberto Gonzales was highly controversial. Many alleged that the appointment was a result of Malphrus' political ties to the Bush Administration. Prior to becoming an immigration judge, from 2001 to 2004, Judge Malphrus served as associate director of the White House Domestic Policy Council. He was also reported to have been a member of the so-called Brooks Brothers Riot, the Republican orchestrated protests during the 2000 Presidential Election Florida Recount.
Although generally viewed as an Asian American text, "Through the Arc of the Rainforest" has also been an important text for scholars of eco-criticism, media studies, transnationalism, and globalization.


Equipment Division.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description.
<doc id="17697694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17697694" title="David Frost House">
Siegfried reaches breaking point with Miss Harbottle when, despite his request to the contrary, she tells Colonel Brent that Siegfried is indeed in. She then presents him with paperwork to look over, which, much to her distress, he decides to tear up and throw the pieces over her head.
Siegfried treats an over-active horse owned by the eccentric Darnley sisters, one of whom is quite sure that Siegfried's power over horses borders on witchcraft.
Forks.

Another way to state the rule is that a firm should compare the profits from operating to those realized if it shut down, and select the option that produces the greater profit (positive or negative). A firm that is shut down is generating zero revenue and incurring no variable costs. However the firm still incurs fixed cost. So the firm’s profit equals the negative of fixed costs or (- FC). An operating firm is generating revenue, incurring variable costs and paying fixed costs. The operating firm's profit is R - VC - FC . The firm should continue to operate if R - VC - FC ≥ - FC which simplified is R ≥ VC. The difference between revenue, R, and variable costs, VC, is the contribution toward offsetting fixed costs, and any positive contribution is better than none. Thus, if R ≥ VC then the firm should operate. If R < VC the firm should shut down.
Due in part to their unique dietary habits, Seventh-day Adventists have a lower risk than other Americans of certain diseases.
<br clear=both>
Aftermath.
