Teretonga (means "Swift South" in Maori) is a motor racing circuit situated south-west of Invercargill, New Zealand. It is home of the Southland Sports Car Club. The circuit was established in 1957 and was said to be the southern most race track in the world (Carlos Romero, Tolhuin, Argentina is actually further south. It is also the country's oldest purpose-built venue.
Hilda - Mariel Perez
At the 10th World Conference of Girl Guides which was held in Adelboden, Switzerland, it was decided to hold a world meeting for Girl Guides in 1939, following the example of the World Scout Jamborees. The site was chosen as Gödöllő in Hungary, where in 1933, the 4th World Scout Jamboree had been held. It was suggested calling the camp "Jamborina", but consultations had to be held with the World Organization of the Scout Movement about using this as the official name. Later, on the advice of Olave Baden-Powell the name "Pax Ting" (meeting of peace) was chosen. It was decided that 120 Girl Guides and 12 leaders from every country could take part. The minimum age for participation was 14 years, and the Girl Guides had to have achieved second class and a camping badge. The leaders had to have a camping diploma. In the year preceding the camp, Hungarian Girl Guides had learned foreign languages so as to be able to act as a guides and interpreters. Archduchess Anna of Hungary, Prince Gustaf Adolf and Princess Sybilla of Sweden were also present at Pax Ting. Due to the threat of World War II, which broke out a month later, there were only 5800 girls from 32 countries present.
SK Rapid Wien

Arina Pan, Russia, piano; Marusya Matveeva, Russia, piano; Sara Dragan, Poland, violin; Inga Rodina, Russia, violin; Patricia Bloma, Latvia, saxophone; Danila Vladyko, Russia, violoncello

Rolling stock.
<doc id="12563143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12563143" title="Maryland Route 657">
In Hollywood, California in 1984 she formed trash rock band The Killer Crows. After their break-up and a three year break she formed Texas Terri & The Stiff Ones with Don "Demon Boy" Cilurso who became her song writing partner. They released one album in 1998 "Eat Shit" on the Burning Tree label. Eat Shit has subsequently been re-released twice as "Eat Shit +1" and more recently "Eat Shit +4", the + number signifying the number of bonus tracks on each re-release. The band achieved a sizable cult status in America and Europe over the course of their six year together.
Career choice.



