Igam
The name comes from the fact that it was home to the largest community of Scottish expatriates living in the colony before Singapore's independence.
Robin Desserne
In the Morrison was defeated by National candidate Maurice Williamson, and Knapp was defeated by another National candidate. See Social Credit Party (New Zealand).
The track was available on CD and 12-inch vinyl. Re-mixes for the song were provided by CJ Stone, KB Project, Flip & Fill, and by the writer of the song himself, Darren Styles.
Chick Bill is a Franco-Belgian humorous Western series created by Tibet. It was first published in the Franco-Belgian comics magazines "De Avonturen van Koenraad" and "Chez Nous Junior" in 1953, and began serial publication on October 19, 1955 in "Tintin" magazine under the title "Les aventures de Chick Bill le cow-boy".
Kitzeck is the central settlement in the Sausal mountain range in Southern Styria, Austria. It is the highest-altitude wine-growing community in Central Europe. Kitzeck is home to the first wine museum that was established in Styria (1979). Besides wine culture, tourism has become a pillar of the local economy and obviously both are pursued on close combination.

<doc id="12628789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12628789" title="Football League Centenary Tournament">
Many predictions were made about the real identity of the mysterious object. Some people supposed that it was the ghost of Andy Lopez, who took nine hostages at the courthouse in February 1985 after killing the wife of his original victim 20 years ago. Other predictions included a person walking, a male's face and a spirit. However, common theories were that it might be just an insect (later found to be true), a spider, or a reflection, as well as some kinds of light phenomenon. Vanessa Pacheco, supervisor of the court security for the Santa Fe County Sheriff’s Office, said people’s opinions on the video depended on whether they believe in ghosts.
Piano Concerto No. 6 (Mozart)
