
Eagle Oil and Shipping Company renamed a ship they had acquired in 1946 as to "San Wilfrido" in honour of the original ship.
Records.
After he graduated from college in Paris, Michel Ducros joined the family business in 1971. He ran the marketing operations until the sale of the Ducros company in 1992 to the Italian group Ferruzzi, for 1.6 billion French francs ($360 million) following family infighting and financial difficulties.
Named for Takumi "Boarder" Okada
Club career.
PLA AFEU Stroller (Man-Bu-Zhe or Manbuzhe, 漫步者) experimental UAV is a Chinese UAV developed by the Peole’s Liberation Army Air Force Engineering University (PLA AFEU, 中国人民解放军空军工程大学), and it is an UAV primarily intended for research on cyclogyro. Stroller made its public debut on September 22, 2011 in Beijing at the first UAV design competition. According to one the designers, Mr. Yu Hong-Ku (于宏坤), it took around four months to from the design first started and first successful maiden flight on September 16, 2011. The aircraft was rushed into service in order to meet the deadline of the competition, and further refinement is planned based on trails to be conducted after the competition. Stroller UAV is capable of STOL due to its cyclogyro design. Specification:
However, as an AGT system as opposed to a rapid transit one, it will not utilize existing BART rolling stock and it will not be physically connected with existing BART tracks. Instead it will have its own fleet of automated guideway transit (AGT) vehicles that will operate on fixed guideways. The cable-drawn vehicles will be manufactured by DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car and can form trains of up to 4 cars. The line is designed to have an approximate headway of 4.5 minutes and to complete a one-way trip in approximately 8 minutes, with an on-time performance of more than 99.5%.
The B Line is one of six RapidRide lines (routes with some bus rapid transit features) operated by King County Metro in King County, Washington. The B Line began service on October 1, 2011, running between downtown Redmond, Overlake and downtown Bellevue. The line runs mainly via NE 8th Street, 156th Avenue NE, NE 40th Street and 148th Avenue NE. Unlike most of the RapidRide lines, the B Line does not offer scheduled service during late-night and early morning hours.
2014–15 Georgian Cup

