The organization originally grew out of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ (UNHCR) “Conflict Transformation and Tolerance Education” project. The UNHCR’s project was launched in March 1996 in Southern Kyrgyzstan, led by FTI Founder and Executive Director, Raya Kadyrova. Her assignment was to implement a tolerance education project directed at minimizing tension between Kyrgyz and Tajik secondary school students. She says this post inspired her to found FTI as an independent NGO (Strutton 2007). Since then, FTI has developed into one of the largest local NGOs in the region working explicitly and specifically towards conflict prevention and resolution (Global Partnership for the Prevention of Armed Conflict 2007). It employs a staff of over 40 people, all from various nationalities, ages, and fields of expertise. The head office and Early Warning project office are located in Bishkek, while activities at the community level are conducted through four regional offices in the Southern Kyrgyz cities of Osh, Batken, Aksy, and Leilek.

Dreher Brewery.
Sir Terry Leahy the former CEO of Tesco Plc is a shareholder in Blackcircles.com. The chairman of Blackcircles.com is Graeme Bissett, former Group Finance Director of Kwik-Fit.
Despite a campaign of support to continue into a second series it only produced 13 episodes.
Mobicom Corporation
Apo Island.
Len Graham (footballer)
By contrast, an organisation founded around 1907 by Lanz von Liebenfels achieved more significance: the "new Templar lodge", called "Ordo Novi Templi" (ONT) (German: Neutempler-Orden).
Mihai Eminescu National College

Irumuinae Kauri, 1985
Dotsam Stable
State of war
A baked pasta dish very similar to Maltese "imqarrun" which consists of macaroni, bolognese sauce, and various other ingredients including egg and bacon that vary according to family tradition. The macaroni is usually topped with a layer of grated cheese or béchamel that melts during the baking process and aids in binding. Even though the dish's main ingredient is macaroni, the name "fideos al horno" is actually Spanish for 'baked noodles'.

The faux documentary broadcast surrounds the Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen and his secret homosexual lover, Emil (Morten Hartz Kaplers) until the Prime Minister is assassinated.

This is a list of Bristol Rovers F.C. seasons, which contains details of the league and cup performances of Bristol Rovers from their first season in 1883–84 until the present day.
Bishop Severiano Sainz y Bencomo (7 November 1871 in Pinar del Río, Cuba - 14 March 1937 in Matanzas, Cuba) was the second Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Matanzas (1915–1937). His parents were Juan Sainz y María Antonia Bencomo.

As close as he is to Chuck, Morgan's relationship with Chuck's sister Ellie has been more complex. His long-time crush on Ellie is widely known; he claims to have "dedicated to the study of [Ellie for the better part of 19 years" and in 1998 she established a "No Touch" policy. He's confessed to having hidden under Ellie's bed when younger to watch her undress. He also took her pillow to his high school's junior prom.
A version of the song was released by The Kerries in 1967 on Major Minor 45 MM541, the song was produced by Tommy Scott.
