Tim Evans (theatre)
iRise Studio is the authoring tool that is used to create and edit simulations. Authors use a drag-and-drop paradigm to lay out scenarios, pages, widgets, data interactions, business logic and behavior. Masters and templates are supported that become reusable definition assets and text requirements can be noted in context to the scenarios and screens of the simulation. A functional specification can be generated from the tool. Authors can include iBlocs, which are reusable widgets and actions that can be dragged into a simulation and configured. The iBloc Application Programming Interface (API) enables the creation of customized iBlocs from pre-coded Java-based components available on the Internet.
Ramirez had earlier in February failed to gain a temporary respite from being stripped of her crown. The title went to the first runner-up, Ashley Dixon, instead, who continued as Miss San Antonio 2010 the day Ramirez won her lawsuit. The trial verdict was met with applause inside the courtroom. On Ashley Dixon, Ramirez said "I don't plan on taking the crown away from Ashley. I'm hoping that we'll be able to share and she can go to Miss Texas as well as Miss Bexar County, and we can both share the crown,".
The Scratch Race was held at 14:50.
Later that year a vessel arrived in Whitehaven harbour carrying a cargo of high quality Peruvian guano, reported to contain 17 per cent ammonia. The society purchased 50 tons, and dispersed it amongst their membership. Norman took samples from several of the consignments which under analysis proved to contain no more than 13.45 per cent of the desired compound. The directors reacted with direct action and refrained from payment of the value of the difference, a sum of about £59. This action infuriated the seller who issued a writ in the high court. Although the initial ruling went against the society they immediately lodged an appeal. The case became protracted and journeyed through several courts eventually settling at the Committee to the House of Lords. After five years of squabbling the arbiter ruled in favour of Aspatria. Although the case cost the society a sum of £630, the seller’s legal expenses exceeded £2,400; furthermore the society had fulfilled one of its prime objectives 'value for money rather than profit'. The arbiter had settled the case but it took a further thirty-six years before the British government introduced legislation to guarantee the composition of fertilisers and animal feedstuff.
58th Infantry Regiment (United States)
Vestmanlands Läns Tidning

Tomás Balduino
Governor Rosellini appointed him Special Advisor to the Committee on Special Events of the State Department of Commerce.
Cultural references.
The development of a regulatory framework concerning genetic engineering began in 1975, at Asilomar, California. The first use of Recombinant DNA (rDNA) technology had just been successfully accomplished by Stanley Cohen and Herbert Boyer two years previously and the scientific community recognized that as well as benefits this technology could also pose some risks. The Asilomar meeting recommended a set of guidelines regarding the cautious use of recombinant technology and any products resulting from that technology. The Asilomar recommendations were voluntary, but in 1976 the US National Institute of Health (NIH) formed a rDNA advisory committee. This was followed by other regulatory offices (the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Food and Drug Administration (FDA)), effectively making all rDNA research tightly regulated in the USA. In 1982 the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) released a report into the potential hazards of releasing genetically modified organisms into the environment as the first transgenic plants were being developed. As the technology improved and genetically modified organisms moved from model organisms to potential commercial products the USA established a committee at the Office of Science and Technology (OSTP) to develop mechanisms to regulate the developing technology. In 1986 the OSTP assigned regulatory approval of genetically modified plants in the US to the USDA, FDA and EPA.
"In stroke order of surnames:"
<doc id="31300330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31300330" title="David Hutcheson">
"Symbolism in Poetry," argued "the necessity for the use of symbolism in modern writing and provided some theoretical and historical background for this idea. In the final paragraph of the article Smith quotes Yeats on the role of symbolism in relation to modern poetry ... This symbolism is meant to effect 'a casting out of descriptions of nature for the sake of nature, of the moral law for the sake of the moral law, a casting out of all anecdotes and of that brooding over scientific opinion ... and of that vehemence that would make us do or not do certain things.' This denunciation of the excesses of Victorianism can also be seen to apply to the Canadian poets of Confederation, who, too often, became caught up in descriptions of nature and in extended moralizing." 
Liebenstein Castle (Rhine)
"Maazi, Haal, Mustaqbil" was released to critical acclaim and commercial success. Five singles have been released in promotion of the album along with their music videos; "Meri Terhan" and "Insaan" in 2002, "Izhar" in March 2003, "Kitne Sadian" in April 2004 and "Panchi" in September 2005. "Kitne Sadian", "Insaan" and "Meri Terhan" did very well at the local music charts. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics. The album sold more than 30,000 copies upon its release and is the band's highest selling album.
Wyatt was born at Thickbroom, near Lichfield, Staffordshire on 17 September 1794. On the death of his father, when he was only three years old, he went to live at Birmingham with his guardian, Francis Eginton, the well-known glass-painter, who, finding he had an aptitude for art, sent him to London in 1811, and in the following year he was admitted to the school of the Royal Academy. In 1815 he entered the studio of Sir Thomas Lawrence as a pupil.

At the 30 Rock studios, NBC page Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) is shocked when he discovers a group of editors putting together an obituary for actor Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan). However, he is calmed when they inform him that it is simply a routine procedure that NBC carries out for some of its more famous stars. Kenneth decides to show the obituary to Tracy himself, who, far from being pleased, laments the way that his legacy looks on television and declares that he does not want to be remembered the way he is. "TGS" co-star Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) finds out about Tracy's obituary and is upset that one has not been made for her, so she decides to record one herself.

Candour is a British far right-wing magazine founded and edited by A.K. Chesterton until his death in 1973.
He married Valerie St. Ludger (d. 2003) and continued to live an active life playing tennis and skiing until he was over 90. He is survived by his two sons Robert and Bruce.
