
Tena Štivičić (; born 1977) is a Croatian playwright. She was born in Zagreb and studied in the Academy of Drama Art there. She completed an MA in Writing for Performance at Goldsmiths College, University of London. She has taken part in theatre events such as Future Perfect, the Paines Plough Young Writers Programme and the Royal Court's 50th Anniversary season. Štivičić has written plays both in her native Croatian and in English. Her major works in English include: "Can't Escape Sundays", "Perceval", "Psssst", "Two of Us", "Goldoni Terminus", "Fragile!", and "Fireflies". Her plays have been produced in at least ten European countries. "Fragile!", directed by Matjaž Pograjc and produced by Mladinsko Theatre, has won several awards at festivals in Croatia and Slovenia. In 2007, she co-wrote the play "Pijana noć 1918" ("Drunken Night 1918") with her father Ivo Štivičić for the Ulysses Theatre, Zagreb. Her most recent project "Goldoni Terminus" was shown at the 2007 Venice Biennale.
The language border separating the Germanic and Romance "Sprachräume" moved over the centuries which preceded the establishment of the Belgian state over an area between the Ardennes and the more or less straight line going from Aachen to Calais on the one hand and the much less populated frontier from Aachen to Arlon via Malmedy. However, this frontier has not much changed since the 18th century. For example, in the communes of Mouscron-Comines-Warneton, French seems to be dominant at least since 1761. The frontier splitting the older province of Brabant and the Hesbaye moved regularly during the 17th and 18th centuries. Some communes, such as Hélécine, switched from Dutch to French and others, such as Herstappe, switched from French to Dutch. The Voeren have a long Flemish tradition and, in the Land of Herve, several communes which used to use Germanic dialects switched to French during the 18th century, as for example, Berneau and Warsage, both now part of Dalhem and Saint-Jean-Sart, a hamlet of Aubel.
Current squad.
The 1864 Camden Expedition was part of a two-pronged strategy by the Union Army to drive Confederate resistance out of southwestern Arkansas and northern Louisiana, and pentetrated into Confederate Texas. Union Major General Frederick Steele led a Union force from Little Rock on March 23, 1864, with the objective of joining forces with Major General Nathaniel Prentice Banks at Shreveport, Louisiana. Confederate forces in Arkansas were directed from Washington, where the Confederate government of the state relocated after the fall of Little Rock. Confederate Major General Sterling Price ordered Brigadier General John S. Marmaduke to harry the Union column and to prevent it from crossing the Little Missouri River as it moved toward Washington. Advance Union forces established a beachhead on the south side of the Little Missori on April 3, and clashed with Confederate defenders in the Battle of Elkin's Ferry. The outnumbered Confederates were forced to withdraw, and General Price established a defensive position, lightly fortified by earthworks, on the road between Elkin's Ferry and Washington at the western edge of the sparsely-populated Prairie d'Ane, a roughly circular area of prairie surrounded by woodlands. General Steele delayed his advance toward Washington until April 9, awaiting the arrival of addition troops from Fort Smith.
P/2007 R5 (SOHO)
Mirosław Goliński (born 11 January 1986 in Poznań) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Victoria Września. His brother Michał is also a professional footballer.
The second Congress, originally scheduled for New York in 1915, met at the American Museum of Natural History in New York on September 25–27, 1921 with Henry Fairfield Osborn presiding. Alexander Graham Bell was the honorary president. The State Department mailed the invitations around the world. Under American leadership and dominance - forty-one out of fifty-three scientific papers - the work of the eugenicists disrupted by World War I in Europe was to resume. Delegates participated not only from Europe and North America, but also from Latin America (Mexico, Cuba, Venezuela, San Salvador, and Uruguay), and Asia (Japan, India, Siam). The major guest speaker, Major Darwin, advocated eugenic measures that needed to be taken, namely the "elimination of the unfit", the discouragement of large families in the "ill-endowed", and the encouragement of large families in the "well-endowed".
<doc id="13456009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13456009" title="The Wire Tapes Vol. 1">
Traoré was Touré's campaign director during the 2002 presidential election, and after Touré's victory, he appointed Traoré as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Malians Living Abroad in the government named on June 14, 2002. Traoré served as Foreign Minister until he was replaced by Moctar Ouane in 2004.
The Short Creek Community (known as the Woolley Group before 1935) was one of the original expressions of Mormon fundamentalism, having its origins in the teachings of Lorin C. Woolley, a dairy farmer excommunicated from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1924. Woolley taught that, shortly after having received the 1886 Revelation on plural marriage, LDS Church President John Taylor had set apart five men, including himself and his father John W. Woolley, to ensure that the practice of polygamy would continue into perpetuity even if abandoned by the Church. To that end, Woolley extended the same apostolic authority to a seven-man "Council of Friends" between 1929 and 1933.

Janae is characterised as not being "very good at rational thinking" so she attempts to end her relationship with Boyd Hoyland (Kyal Marsh), in order to protect him. Taylor-Cotter revealed that she was thankful that Boyd "sees straight through it" and agrees to support her. Janae also confides in her younger sister Bree but is reluctant to tell anyone else. Janae "approaches it the best way she knows how and that's by pushing everyone that cares about her away." Taylor-Cotter told "Inside Soap" that Janae cannot tell Janelle about her situation because "she fears she'll judge her". The truth is revealed during an argument between the pair. Taylor-Cotter and Feeney got on so well off-screen, that they purposely avoided each other while on set to add to the "intensity" of the scenes. Janae is "so afraid of taking after her mother" that she blames Janelle for her predicament, telling her that she is at fault if she is HIV positive. Janelle is upset that Janae could not confide in her about an "important matter". Taylor-Cotter said that Janae ends up receiving support from her family because "the Timmins clan always reunite in the end".

The file format is XML.
The Bridges provides over 2,000 jobs to the people of Sunderland.
In January 1999 she was invited by Gustav Leonhardt to sing in the inaugural concert of the New York Collegium.
The is a river in the Kantō region of Japan. It splits from the Tone River at the northernmost tip of Noda City in the Sekiyado district, crosses through Nagareyama and Matsudo, and empties into Tokyo Bay at Ichikawa, Chiba Prefecture. The Edo forms the borders between Tokyo, Chiba, and Saitama prefectures. The Edo River is long.
<doc id="13460156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13460156" title="Name of Russia (Russia TV)">
A large number of homes were built from 1940 to 1943 when the North Carolina Shipbuilding Company expanded its facilities on land intended for Sunset Park homes along the eastern edge of the Cape Fear River.
"Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; R = runs; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; SB = Stolen bases"

It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2001.
In the spring of 2007, the Nasher Museum of Art presented Kremen’s first retrospective was at the Nasher Museum of Art included more than 160 works – collage, painting and sculpture – spanning each of the 40 years of Kremen’s art-making since he began at age 41.
