Exodus (book) might refer to any of these:
In 1980 Turk was awarded an honorary Master of Science (MSc) from the University of Exeter.
Andrew Guthrie

Description.
Carter is drugged and forced to perform in a sex act whilst being filmed. He is untied and taken back to the castle dungeon. He escapes and kills three guards. Carter searches the castle and sets fire to the room used to store the pornographic movies. As he is leaving the castle he encounters Michael and Sylvia Blackstone and Mona Manning escaping on foot. He forces them back to the castle to release the captive girls. Sylvia Blackstone refuses to leave. Michael Blackstone, Mona Manning, Pamela Martin and Carter head for Blackstone's cruiser moored nearby. They embark on a high-speed chase down the Danube toward the border with Austria. On the way, Blackstone expresses concern about what will happen to him when he is repatriated to America. He goes below deck and shoots Mona Manning and then himself. The cruiser is disabled by gunfire from their pursuers. Carter and Pamela tie themselves together and dive overboard, negotiating the underwater nets that prevent unauthorized entry and exit into Hungary. Exhausted Carter and Pamela wash up on the banks of the Danube inside Austria. 
The Times of Swaziland is a newspaper in the Kingdom of Swaziland. It is the oldest newspaper in Swaziland having been established in 1897 by Allister Miller.

From 1837 to 1843 John Hill was a leading South Australian citizen, explorer, and pioneer. He made numerous explorations beyond the frontier of European settlement, discovering and (sometimes) naming important geographical features, despite being generally reticent to engage in toponymy, while having some features named after him by others. On other expeditions, although finding little of geographical significance, he nevertheless revealed sizeable areas of formerly unknown wilderness to the colonists. 

Based on an investment policy that was approved in June 2013, the FSDEA aims to generate wealth for future generations and support Angola’s social and economic development.
Stravinsky composed the "Movements" on commission by a Swiss industrialist for his pianist wife Margrit Weber, for the sum of $15,000. Mrs. Weber premiered the work at a Stravinsky Festival in New York’s Town Hall on January 10, 1960 with the composer himself conducting. Herr Weber had asked for a work of between 15 and 20 minutes but instead Stravinsky fulfilled the commission with a more refined and compressed piece lasting around half the length of the commission.
<doc id="41159035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41159035" title="Machaeroplax delicatus">

The lyrics have also been criticised for their lack of poetry, which was the mainstay of songs in Bollywood classics like "Pyaasa" and "Sujata". Lyricist Kausar Munir blames the attention span of the listeners and the commercial aspect of the films for the rude and offensive lyrics of modern songs; including those of "Tooh".

