Isolated hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (IHH), also called idiopathic or congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (CHH), as well as isolated or congenital gonadotropin-releasing hormone deficiency (IGD), is a condition that results in a small subset of cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) due to deficiency in or insensitivity to gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) where the function and anatomy of the anterior pituitary is otherwise normal and secondary causes of HH are not present. It presents as hypogonadism (e.g., reduced or absent puberty, low libido, infertility, etc.) due to an impaired release of the gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), and a resultant lack of sex steroid production by the gonads. In addition, anosmia (loss of the sense of smell) occurs in instances of IHH that are the result of Kallmann syndrome, which is responsible for approximately 50% of all cases of the condition. Other causes of IHH include GnRH insensitivity, which is the second most common cause of IHH and is thought to be responsible for up to 20% of cases, and a minority (less than 5-10%) due to inactivating mutations in a variety of other genes which positively regulate GnRH secretion such as "CHD7", "KISS1R", and "TACR3". The causes of approximately 25% of all cases of IHH are still unknown.

Missional living is a term that is used in contrast with historical institutional churches. Church leaders as well as Christians in general have often regarded the Church as an institution to which outsiders must come in order to receive a certain product, namely, the gospel and all its associated benefits. Institutional churches are sometimes perceived to exist for the members and depend on pastors and staff to evangelize the lost. The "missional church", on the other hand, attempts to take Christ to "the lost" and its members are personally engaged in reaching their communities with the message of Jesus Christ.
with:
Ethiopian Scouts assisted during the nation's droughts and famines in the 1970s and 1980s, as well as literacy campaigns and other community services. In the 1970s, Ethiopian Scouts established a new training and camping center at Lake Langano. The Ethiopia Scout Association experienced its second demise in the early 1970s, when the Marxist Derg regime dissolved the association and confiscated its properties and funds, claiming that the values of faith enshrined in the Scout promises were incompatible with the philosophy pursued by the new regime.

Also very active were the Spanish guerilla troops, which in 1812 were the strongest Spanish forces. They fought most independently of the time, but were also co-ordinated by the British. There was a guerilla force on the British right flank in the Battle of Fuentes de Onoro.
The station is located between two tunnels on the Bergen Line: the Gravahals Tunnel to the west and the Vatnahalsen Tunnel to the east. Completion of the long Gravahals Tunnel was done in 1905. The station is above mean sea level.
<doc id="3182390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3182390" title="Hamilton Parish">
<doc id="3182552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3182552" title="Jaime Clampitt">
History.
2012
