September 10, 2006
Lorenzo "Larry" J. Cruz (September 17, 1941 – February 4, 2008) was a Filipino restaurateur who founded the LJC Restaurant Group, which operates several restaurants in the Philippines. Among the restaurants he established through the LJC Group were "Café Adriatico", "Cafe Havana", "Bistro Remedios", and "Abe", which was named after his father, the writer E. Aguilar Cruz. Cruz was also a journalist and magazine publisher.

The broken fuel pipe caused a serious accident when diesel fuel poured out from a van onto the road. A following car skidded and the driver was seriously injured when she collided with an oncoming lorry. Scanning electron microscopy or SEM showed that the nylon connector had fractured by stress corrosion cracking due to a small leak of battery acid. Nylon is susceptible to hydrolysis in contact with sulfuric acid, and only a small leak of acid would have sufficed to start a brittle crack in the injection moulded connector by a mechanism known as stress corrosion cracking, or SCC. The crack took about 7 days to grow across the diameter of the tube, hence the van driver should have seen the leak well before the crack grew to a critical size. He did not, therefore resulting in the accident. The fracture surface showed a mainly brittle surface with striations indicating progressive growth of the crack across the diameter of the pipe. Once the crack had penetrated the inner bore, fuel started leaking onto the road. Diesel is especially hazardous on road surfaces because it forms a thin oily film that cannot be seen easily by drivers. It is akin to black ice in lubricity, so skids are common when diesel leaks occur. The insurers of the van driver admitted liability and the injured driver was compensated.
Malcolm Robertson (footballer)

Ivan Romanov
Following the end of his athletic career, Jenne returned to Portland to coach football, basketball, baseball, and track at Washington High School. In 1928, he coached the boy's basketball team to the Oregon state championship, defeating future University of Oregon football coach Prink Callison's Medford High School team. Jenne's football teams amassed an overall 61-16-14 record with seven Portland city championships, one state championship, with only one losing season. 
Historically, the team has an all-time losing record, at 494–620–41 after the conclusion of the 2013 season. However, the program has had some stretches of winning in its history, most recently and most notably under head coach Bill Snyder from the 1990s through the 2010s. In 1998 Kansas State finished the regular season with an undefeated (11–0) record, and from 1995 to 2001 the school appeared in the AP Poll for 108 consecutive weeks – the 14th-longest streak in college football history.
<doc id="16370105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16370105" title="Erastus B. Tyler">
He earned his MA in Political Science from the American University of Beirut (AUB) in 2003.
Sam has been likened by observers in German football to the Dutch winger Arjen Robben of Bayern Munich, due to Sam's explosive speed and dribbling style and possibly due to Sam's frequent deployment on the right-wing and as an outside forward, cutting inside on his favoured left-foot to unleash his fierce shots, which leads to Sam scoring spectacular long-range goals. Sam is likened to a young Ryan Giggs, due to Sam's ability to dribble with the ball at top speed. Sam's comparison to Ryan Giggs and Arjen Robben is seen in the influence of the way Sidney Sam shoots and gets into goal-scoring situations coming in from both flanks on the football pitch. Sam utilizes his explosive speed by running-in-behind defenders on the football pitch and Sam is often as well deployed as an outside forward and striker.
<doc id="16372135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16372135" title="The New Brunswick Scottish">
Portugal national roller hockey team
The College of Information (COI) was created in May 2009—formerly, The School of Library and Information Sciences (SLIS). This new college offers programs in a range of traditional and non-traditional information fields, including school library media, information science, legal information services and US News and World Report third-ranked medical informatics and medical librarianship program. UNT SLIS, which is accredited by the American Library Association, offers classes at its campus in Denton, in Dallas and Houston, and in Georgia, Nevada, and Minnesota. The school also hosts the University's Interdisciplinary Information Science Ph.D. program. This is one of two universities nation-wide to offer this type of blended course in one cohesive college, instead of requiring two degrees.

The Furniture Manufacturer and Artisan. (1918) Volume 15, 1918. Periodical Publishing Co. Original in New York Public Library. Google Book Search. Retrieved Nov 12, 2007.
<doc id="16375163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16375163" title="Gabriel de Rochechouart de Mortemart">
List of international healthcare accreditation organizations
Government.
Jacob Lorhard (; 1561 – 19 May 1609) was a German philosopher and pedagogue based in St. Gallen, Switzerland.
Rožnik District
History.

First Vote.
The Preparatory Committee was responsible for implementation work related to the establishment of the HKSAR, including the prescription of the method for the formation of the first government and first Legislative Council and establishment of the Selection Committee, which in turn was responsible for the selection of the first chief executive and the members of the Provisional Legislative Council.
