History.
Mazetown and Long Kesh.
While the "Bible historiale" was by far the most popular medieval French translation of the Bible, it was not the first. Verse adaptations of the Bible first appeared in the latter part of the 12th century, with more or less complete prose French Bibles appearing in the mid thirteenth century. These were the "Thirteenth-Century Bible," probably completed between 1230 and 1250 at the University of Paris and the Acre Bible, written between 1250 and 1254 in the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. The Thirteenth-Century Bible survives in four complete or near-complete copies and a significant number of single volumes (of two) and fragments in addition to parts of it being used to supplement the "Bible historiale".
3. The Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary into Heaven, on 15 August. 
Funding: Most of ELI’s funding comes from project-specific grants from major organizations, foundations, and government agencies.
The regiment arrived in Washington, D.C., on the evening of May 2. There, they completed additional training and performed picket duty throughout the district. While quartered on the floor of the United States House of Representatives, the enlisted men took it upon themselves to set up a mock session, passing a law first abolishing the House of Representatives, then the Union and reconstituting both in a manner of their liking. The more embarrassing and lawbreaking actions by the regiment included the burning of fences, which resulted in a letter of reprimand from Brigadier General Joseph K. Mansfield along with six enlisted men being removed and sent back to New York. On May 7, the 11th New York was officially sworn into Federal service by Brig. Gen. Irvin McDowell on the East Front of the unfinished Capitol in the presence of Lincoln, his son Tad and personal secretary John Hay.
MAS-related GPR, member F, also known as MRGPRF, is a human gene.
The Fast Sword
Cliona californiana is a species of demosponge belonging the family Clionaidae.
<doc id="14561566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14561566" title="Archie Webb">
<doc id="14562010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14562010" title="Chuck Reedy">
Alon Harel
Relationship with Phil Ochs.

<doc id="14564143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14564143" title="Eliot Asinof">
Allison made his début for Falkirk on 29 September 2007 against Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Allison made another appearance for the SPL outfit before going on loan to First Division side Stirling Albion in the January 2008 transfer window. Allison was initially placed on a one month loan deal, with the possibility to extend until the end of the season. Alison made his début for Stirling Albion against St. Johnstone on 26 January 2008. Allison scored his first professional career goal in Stirling Albion's match against Partick Thistle on 9 February 2008. A second loan spell with Stirling followed in 2010, before he joined them on a permanent basis after his release from Falkirk at the end of the 2009-10 season.
Bradford Kelleher died on October 31, 2007, in Riverhead, New York. He was survived by his wife, Mary. The couple resided in both Manhattan and Cutchogue, New York. Kelleher's death was announced by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where he had worked for almost 60 years.
Larry is known as the new “King of Gospel”. He makes enjoyable stories that span over all genres and most of them based on the true stories.
