The week after the "NXT" season finale, Tarver and the rest of the season one "NXT" rookies interfered in the main event match between John Cena and CM Punk on "Raw", attacking Cena, Punk, the announce team, and the ring announcer Justin Roberts, before dismantling the ring area and surrounding equipment turning heel in the process. On the June 14 edition of "Raw" the rookies (excluding Daniel Bryan) attacked General Manager Bret Hart, when he refused to give them contracts. The following week on "Raw", Vince McMahon fired Hart and announced the hiring of a new General Manager, who had signed the seven season one "NXT" rookies to contracts. The following week the group was named The Nexus. On the July 12 episode of "Raw", The Nexus competed in their first match together, without Darren Young, defeating John Cena in a six–on–one handicap match. The Nexus continued to feud with Cena and the Raw roster, resulting in a seven-on-seven elimination tag team match at SummerSlam which saw the return of former Nexus member Daniel Bryan, who aligned himself with team WWE. Tarver was the second person eliminated from the match when he was pinned by John Morrison, and The Nexus went on to lose the match. On the October 4 episode of "Raw", Tarver was attacked by Cena, with Barrett later stating that he would have thrown Tarver out of The Nexus anyway. This storyline was put in place due to Tarver sustaining a groin injury.


There she graduated top of her class and was awarded the First Prize in Piano at the age of thirteen, the youngest recipient ever in the institution, and gathered numerous prizes including in chamber music.
On launch day, the submarine displaced only 32 tons and was still incomplete. "Nautilus" was named at a well-attended ceremony on the west side of Refshaleøen and towed to the floating installation art barge ILLUTRON (formerly M/S Half Machine) in the Copenhagen South Harbor where further outfitting and installation of equipment happened over the next several months.
