ASFV is the only virus with a double-stranded DNA genome transmitted by arthropods. The virus causes a lethal haemorraghic disease in domestic pigs. Some isolates can cause death of animals within as quickly as a week after infection. In all other species, the virus causes no obvious disease. ASFV is endemic to sub-Saharan Africa and exists in the wild through a cycle of infection between ticks and wild pigs, bushpigs, and warthogs. The disease was first described after European settlers brought pigs into areas endemic with ASFV and, as such, is an example of an 'emerging infection'.
Porsche 911 (Easy Driving, car number 22).
<doc id="5094631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5094631" title="Dønnes">
The ionic model.
Between the show's filming and its transmission on BBC2, Dewberry worked for Sir Alan for a total of 8 months. After winning the television series and before beginning her new role, Dewberry took a short sabbatical during which she made several appearances on chat shows, was interviewed for various newspapers and played in the England ladies' celebrity football team in the BSkyB-commissioned Celebrity World Cup Soccer Six. 
In January 2013, Barnsley accepted a bid from Blackpool, but the deal fell through and he played the remainder of the season at Oakwell. After the departure of Keith Hill, newly appointed manager David Flitcroft used Wiseman as a right wing back due to the £3 million sale of youngster John Stones to Everton. In comparison to his somewhat average performances as a centre half under the Hill regime, Wiseman made the right wing back position his own and became an integral part of the 2013 Reds side that narrowly avoided relegation to League One.
The Santa Clara County Library District is a public library system headquartered in Los Gatos, California. The library serves the communities and cities of Campbell, Cupertino, Gilroy, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Milpitas, Morgan Hill, Saratoga, and all unincorporated areas of Santa Clara County. In addition to these libraries, the library provides mobile library service with two bookmobiles visiting preschools, retirement communities, migrant farmworker camps, and rural communities without easy access to library services.
<doc id="5095858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5095858" title="Hymns for the Exiled">
The film Superman Returns serves as a homage sequels to Richard Donner's Superman films, Superman (1978) and Superman II (1980), and ignoring the events of Superman III (1983) and Superman IV(1987). Brandon Routh plays the role of Superman/Clark Kent, and Kate Bosworth plays Lois Lane, the film is directed by Bryan Singer.
8 shooters scored the maximum possible score. The method of breaking the tie is unknown.
Plot.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 1,334 people.
Each zone has a security boundary surrounding it which prevents a process associated with one zone from interacting with or observing processes in other zones. Each zone can be configured with its own separate user list. The system automatically manages user ID conflicts; that is, two zones on a system could have a user ID 10000 defined, and each would be mapped to its own unique global identifier.
Vincenzo 'Enzo' Maresca (; born 10 February 1980) is an Italian footballer who plays for U.S. Città di Palermo as a midfielder.
Disillusioned with liberal democracy, and explicitly rejecting both its fascist and Stalinist alternatives, Carrillo adhered to the locally rising nationalist thought and complemented his scientific research with evolving political ideas and cultural education. He enjoyed friendships with numerous leading names in Argentine tango culture and the new nationalist ideas, including poet and songwriter Homero Manzi (an erstwhile elementary school friend), as well as nationalist activists Arturo Jauretche and Raúl Scalabrini Ortiz, and tango and theater composers Armando Discépolo y Enrique Santos Discépolo. He also maintained close academic links with prominent German Argentine neurobiologists such as his former professor Christfried Jakob and two leading figures in Argentine neuropsychiatric science, Drs. José Borda and Braulio Moyano.
CTTRANSIT’s annual revenue is primarily made up of three things: passenger fares, advertising and reimbursements for services run through contracts with state agencies (primarily access to jobs). The State of Connecticut subsidizes the operations of CTTRANSIT in the amount of the annual operating deficit.
Da Joint
We Found It was an album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton, released in February 1973. The album was among their lower charting albums, reaching # 20 on the U.S. country albums charts, while the title single reached # 30 on the country singles charts.
<doc id="5099300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5099300" title="Cry Baby (gum)">

Subgenres of Dominican Rock.
A Digital Assets Repository (DAR) is used to store all types of digital material and provides public access to the digitized collections through web-based search and browsing facilities.
Surveyor may refer to:
As a particle, it is used at the end of a sentence, equivalent to an English, "right?" or "isn't it?" It is also used as slang in Japan to get someone's attention, the English equivalent being "hey" or "hey, you."
Tim Shaw (salesperson)
The Chartered Society of Designers (CSD), is the professional body for designers. It is the world's only Royal Chartered body of professional designers. It is unique in that it is multi-disciplinary – representing designers in all design disciplines including Interior Design, Product Design, Graphic Design, Fashion and Textile Design.
On November 11, on the mediation of Francisco Solano López of Paraguay, Buenos Aires and the Argentine Confederation signed the "national union" San José de Flores Pact, by which Buenos Aires was "de iure" reincorporated into Argentina, allowing the Province certain privileges that would eventually led to the Battle of Pavón and the growing predominance of Buenos Aires Province.
SOFTEC Society.

After the appointment of General Geoffrey Miller as commander of the camp, they said treatment became more harsh, including short shackling and the forced shaving-off of beards.
In 2006 he won the non-fiction section of the ACT Writing and Publishing Awards for his book "Unlocking History's Secrets".
Licking Creek is a tributary of the Potomac River in Pennsylvania and Maryland in the United States.
Year one is delivered through largely university-based teaching, including integrated clinical exposure in various settings. Students are allocated to small learning groups made up of around ten students of different backgrounds and experiences. Alongside the required modules, students also undertake a Student Selected Component (SSC).
Background vocals: Catherine Russell, Diane Sorel, and Ula Hedwig.
College location: lies in the north-west of the campus.
In 2007/8 Greg starred in an entertainments TV show for The Visitor newspaper called 'It's All Happening'. The regular on-line fun broadcast saw Greg appear alongside TV stars such as The Hairy Bikers, boy band singer Antony Costa and actor Kevin Kennedy - formerly Curly Watts from Coronation Street.
History.


0–14 years: 33.7% (male 472,476/female 448,078)

"Fly Away".
Frederica Academy provides courses in all the general fields of study, including English, Literature, Mathematics, Languages, History, Art, Music, Life skills, Computer Sciences, and Science. However, Frederica Academy also offers specialized courses such as Intelligence & Foreign Policy, Environmental Science, Geology, Coastal Ecology.

The Prix Denise-Pelletier is an award by the Government of Quebec that is part of the Prix du Québec, given to individuals for an outstanding career in the performing arts. It is awarded to a creator, performer, stage-craftsman or person who has made a noteworthy contribution in the fields of song, music, classical singing, theatre and dance. It is named in honour of Denise Pelletier.
On September 24, 2001, the BARC facilities sustained extensive damage as the result of an F3 tornado.

Return to Hollywood.
<doc id="5106780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5106780" title="Live to Be Stalin">

Xbox 360.
O'Toole is of Métis and Irish background and grew up in the cities New Westminster and North Vancouver, British Columbia. He played hockey in both cities up to the Midget 'A' level. Becoming inspired by the Arnold Schwarzenegger movie "Pumping Iron", and already a weight training enthusiast, O'Toole was encouraged to compete in bodybuilding because of his impressive genetics. 
Kim Schmahmann
In a sharply different region of Illinois, the Shawnee Hills, Guy Renzaglia founded Alto Vineyards in 1982. He planted new varieties such as Chancellor, Chambourcin, Vidal blanc, and Villard blanc. Renzaglia and two other growers founded the Shawnee Hills Wine Trail in the 1990s.
