This is in contrast to the Perninae, which are: "Kites mainly found in the tropics and specializing on insects and bee or wasp larvae, all lack the bony eye shield found in the Elaninae".
The piece has been filmed twice. The first, in 1933, directed by Herbert Wilcox was filmed in black-and-white, with Anna Neagle and Fernand Gravet in the leading roles. A version for MGM in in 1940, directed by W S Van Dyke was in colour and starred Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy. In both cases, the score was heavily cut. Coward disliked the much-rewritten 1940 film and vowed that no more of his plays would be filmed in Hollywood. In 1951 he told "The Daily Express", "I was saving up "Bitter Sweet" as an investment for my old age. After MGM's dreadful film I can never revive it."

Following the announcement of Robot Entertainment, former Ensemble Studios producer David Rippy started a new independent studio, Bonfire Studios, composed entirely of former Ensemble staff members. Bonfire was later renamed Zynga Dallas through its acquisition by Zynga and released only one game as an independent company.
Situated on the western side of Market Square, no. 13 is currently used as an Indian restaurant, called Sonargaon Tandoori. It is thought that there were once at least six pubs situated on the Market Place, and it is likely that No. 13 housed one of them. Prior to becoming a restaurant in 1996, it was used as offices. It became Grade II listed on 25 July 1974.

The Hyundai Kia Automotive Group also refers to the group of affiliated companies interconnected by complex shareholding arrangements, with Hyundai Motor Company regarded as the de facto representative of the Group. It is the third largest South Korean chaebol or conglomerate after Samsung Group and LG Corporation.
The laser device discovered snow falling from clouds; this was not known before the mission. It was also determined that cirrus clouds formed in the area.
Westsylvania was a proposed state of the United States located primarily in what is now West Virginia, southwestern Pennsylvania, and small parts of Kentucky, Maryland, and Virginia. First proposed early in the American Revolution, Westsylvania would have been the fourteenth state in the newly formed United States had it been recognized.
Health.
Meanwhile, all three of the major television networks signed contracts to televise games, thus ensuring the combined league's stability. CBS agreed to broadcast all games where an NFC team was on the road, NBC agreed to broadcast all games where an AFC team was on the road, and ABC agreed to broadcast "Monday Night Football", making the NFL the first league to have a regular series of national telecasts in prime time. The NFL would likely not have been able to retain both CBS and NBC had it not done the AFC-NFC setup.
John Trimble
Contemporary use of the phrase "the L word" as an alias for "lesbian" dates to at least the 1981 play "My Blue Heaven" by Jane Chambers, in which a character stammers out: "You're really...? The L-word? Lord God, I never met one before."
Recording sessions.
Laveranues Leon Coles (; born December 29, 1977) is a former American football wide receiver who played eleven seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Florida State University. He was drafted by the New York Jets in the third round of the 2000 NFL Draft. A Pro Bowl selection in 2003, Coles also played for the Washington Redskins and Cincinnati Bengals.
On 24 June 2005, Carlos was robbed by two gunmen while doing a live radio interview. However, the thieves did not harm him, merely taking his watch and the interviewer's cellular phone.
Seven years later, while entertaining a girl in his dorm room, he realizes that when he reads from his adolescent journals, he can travel back in time and is able to redo parts of his past. His time traveling episodes account for the frequent blackouts he experienced as a child. However, there are consequences to his revised choices of early actions that propagate forward in time to his present life. For example, editing his personal time-line leads to alternative futures in which he finds himself, variously, a college student in a fraternity, an inmate imprisoned for murdering Tommy, and an amputee. His efforts are driven by the desire to undo the most unpleasant events of his childhood which coincide with his mysterious blackouts, and as he continues to do this, he realizes that, even though his intentions are good, his actions have unforeseen consequences. Moreover, the assimilation of dozens of years' worth of new memories from the alternative timelines causes him brain damage and severe nosebleeds. Ultimately, he decides that his attempts to alter the past end up only harming those he cares about, and thinks that the main cause of everyone's suffering in all the different timelines is himself.
There are no recognized subspecies, but there is a size increase from south to north. They are 260-280mm long with a wing of 192-211mm, bill 23-26mm, tarsus 57-66mm and tail 71-84mm. Juveniles have a brown crown and the sexes are alike but males have slightly longer wings and tarsi. The call is a sharp "tchee-it" call.
It is possible to implement anonymous P2P on a wireless mesh network; unlike fixed Internet connections, users don't need to sign up with an ISP to participate in such a network, and are only identifiable through their hardware.
"An Iterative Image Registration Technique with an Application to Stereo Vision".
Olympics.
where formula_11 is "N"-dimensional real space (see also set-builder notation). The particular solution to the Euler–Lagrange equations is called a "(configuration) path or trajectory", i.e. one particular q("t") subject to the required initial conditions. The general solutions form a set of possible configurations as functions of time:
