History.
The earliest available record of a cricket match in Yea is for January 1869, against a Murrundindi side, though formal creation of a club seems not to have occurred until 1872.
Richmond is among the largest First Fridays art walks in the nation, it draws nearly 20,000 people from all over the state of Virginia and nation, showcasing its artistic side and opening restaurants and art galleries all over Broad Street and Downtown Richmond.
Lewis was the 38th overall player selected in the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft. He was a highly regarded prospect coming up in the Rangers' system and in three seasons with them had a career ERA of 6.83. Of particular note was his unusual season, where he managed to post a winning record of 10–9 in 26 starts despite a 7.30 ERA.

Lost City was featured in the Disney 3-D IMAX film "Aliens of the Deep".
"De la eterna poesía victoriosa."
On July 1, 2007, Thames hit a solo home run in the bottom of the eighth inning to score the only run in the game in a victory over the Minnesota Twins. On July 6, he hit the third grand slam of his career at Comerica Park against the Boston Red Sox. On July 8, Thames hit one of the longest home runs in the history of Comerica Park. Batting against pitcher Daisuke Matsuzaka of the Red Sox, Thames hit a home run to deep center field that bounced off the camera area. The last Tiger to hit a home run to that area was Eric Munson in 2004.
Fern Tree, Tasmania

Ohno established the Kazuo Ohno Dance Studio in 1949, and built the Kamihoshikawa studio in 1961 in Hodogaya, Yokohama, for the creation and rehearsal of his choreography. Now under the aegis of son Yoshito Ohno, the Kazuo Ohno Dance Studio conducts workshops, produces performances and has established a butoh archive, collecting and classifying all materials related to butoh and Kazuo Ohno's legacy. Ohno's studio is currently open for students to attend. Classes are directed by Yoshito.
The theory of modernization has been subject to some criticism similar to that levied against classical social evolutionism, especially for being too ethnocentric, one-sided and focused on the Western world and its culture.
Due to long-lasting injuries sustained throughout his career, Johnson decided to retire from Major League Baseball on January 28, 2013.
Controversy.
Date: 13 March 2005 
Harikrishna has represented India at seven Chess Olympiads, making his debut at the age of 14 years 5 months during the 34th Chess Olympiad held in Istanbul with results as follows:

Dukus Horant is a 14th-century narrative poem in Judeo-German (Proto-Yiddish). 
Film critic Brian Gibson wrote, "So far, this seems a post-Occupation France happy to forget the blood and death of Hitler's war a decade earlier. But soon people’s occasional, playful efforts to grab the floating, carefree balloon become grasping and destructive. In a gorgeous sequence, light streaming down alleys as children's shoes clack and clatter on the cobblestones, the balloon bouncing between the walls, Pascal is hunted down for his floating pet. The film's ballooning sense of hope and freedom is deflated by a fierce, squabbling mass. Then, fortunately, Lamorisse's film floats off, with the breeze of magic-realism, into a feeling of escape and peace, "The Red Balloon" taking hold of Pascal, lifting him out of this rigid, petty, earthbound life."
LPA may refer to:
Runiform may refer to a script or inscription "similar to runes".
Aviation Management The B.S. in Aviation Management is an opportunity to prepare students comprehensively for management careers in the industry. The CUNY Aviation Institute is also located on the campus of York College. Students are offered a program of study that emphasizes business, policy and the operations of key areas within aviation, including security, aviation safety, and airport planning. Aviation students have the choice of gearing their studies toward preparation for work in for-profit arenas within aviation or for employment in the aviation public sector by selecting appropriate electives from political science, psychology, business and other areas. A major strength of the major is the integration of the liberal studies areas with a business curriculum.

The H. Cegielski Metal Works in Poznań produced one hundred and twenty-two OKl27 class tank locomotives for the Polish State Railways (PKP) during the period between 1928 and 1933.
<doc id="1572643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1572643" title="Vriend v. Alberta">
Music of southern China
Emma was born in Stockholm, Sweden.
"The Jacket" garnered mixed reviews on release; the film has a 43% "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and a 44% average critic rating on the aggregate reviews site Metacritic.
The early centuries of the Christian era was a great era of cultural fusion when the foreign invaders like the Indo-Greeks, Sakas, Kushanas and the Hunas were assimilated. Stupas, pillars and sculptures, decorated bricks of temples and seals bear testimony to the beautiful art tradition of the region—wrestling and lute playing with drums were the popular pastime of the people.
Nationality.
Alberta.
1: All outbound services except for some afternoon peak hour Ipswich/Rosewood services
Between 1945 and 1960, the French researcher Noël Felici developed a series of high-power electrostatic generators, based on electric excitation and using cylinders rotating at high speed and hydrogen in pressurized containers.
detect failures in Quattor component execution. 
The band gained prominence after the release of their first album, "Other Way Out", which quickly sold out its initial run through word of mouth alone. The album was near-universally praised in the independent music press, winning several awards and accolades. However, the album saw little popularity among mainstream critics and radio stations as their authentic 1960s psychedelic sound was out of fashion at the time. "Other Way Out" remains popular to this day in the psychedelic and progressive rock communities, and has gone through eight reissues since its original release.
When Thomas joined Ramsay Macdonald in the National Government, Isaacs remained with the Labour Party, and in consequence again lost his seat in the 1931 general election when the Labour Party was heavily defeated. He failed by 79 votes to regain his seat in 1935. Concentrating on union affairs through the 1930s, Isaacs was appointed to a Royal Commission on Workmen's Compensation in 1938. In 1945 he was President of the World Trade Union Conference.
O'Riordan subsequently worked as a bus conductor in Cork and was active in the Irish Transport and General Workers Union (ITGWU). In 1947 he stood as a Cork Socialist Party candidate in Cork and afterwards moved to Dublin where he lived in Victoria St with his wife Kay, continued to work as a bus conductor and remained active in the Irish Transport and General Workers Union.
Christopher Dorsey (born September 3, 1980) better known by his stage name B.G. (short for "Baby Gangsta" or "B. Gizzle"), is an American hip hop recording artist from New Orleans, Louisiana. He began his music career signing to Cash Money Records in 1993, with Lil Wayne (then known as Baby D.) as half of the duo The B.G.'z . Both, along with rappers Juvenile and Turk, collectively formed the group, the Hot Boys in 1997. In 2001, B.G. resigned from Cash Money Records, and created his own label, Chopper City Records. On July 18, 2012, B.G. was sentenced to 14 years in a federal prison for gun possession and witness tampering.
Urban released "Golden Road" in 2002. Of its thirteen songs, Urban produced seven himself and co-produced with Dann Huff on the other six. It was led off by the single "Somebody Like You", which spent six weeks at number 1. Following it was the number 3 "Raining on Sunday", which Radney Foster had previously released as a single from his 1998 album "See What You Want to See". After this song, both "Who Wouldn't Wanna Be Me" and "You'll Think of Me" went to number 1, with the latter winning him the 2005 Grammy Award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance.
Harrison was a director of marketing for Pepsi USA and Pepsi Bottling Groups's southern U.S. division. 
Jaime Magana Cerda (born October 26, 1978 in Fresno, California) is a retired left-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher. Cerda played previously with the New York Mets (-) and the Kansas City Royals (-). Cerda, who is of Mexican American descent, played with the Tacoma Rainers, the Triple-A affiliate of the Seattle Mariners, in , but was released due to his high ERA.[http://nl.newsbank.com/nl-search/we/Archives?p_product=FB&p_theme=fb&p_action=search&p_maxdocs=200&p_topdoc=1&p_text_direct-0=0FE9E89C83CF6F52&p_field_direct-0=document_id&p_perpage=10&p_sort=YMD_date:D&s_trackval=GooglePM]
East Side Mario's
Identity.
A candid photograph is a photograph captured through motion mostly, without creating a posed appearance. This is achieved by avoiding prior preparation of the subject and by either surprising the subject or by not distracting the subject during the process of taking photos. Thus, the candid character of a photo is regardless of the subject's knowledge or consent as to the fact that photos are being taken, and regardless of the subject's permission for subsequent usage such as distribution, but related to the apparent absence of posing. It is distinguished from making secret photography by the photographer usually remaining discernible to the public and not wearing cover.
The name Battle of Vella Lavella may refer to three related battles between the Allies and Japan in the Solomon Islands in 1943, during the Pacific campaign of World War II.
<doc id="1574918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1574918" title="Cherat">


Gangubai Hangal received a number of awards, which include:
History of sociology
Managerial history.
The “first two decrees restored order to the informal Jewish communities that had survived the revolution by establishing a hierarchical, centralized organization, under the aegis of the ministry of religions.” The first two decrees set up the consistories which were designed to enforce the decrees. Some of the members also were a part of the Great Sanhedrin which met in 1807. The consistories consisted of a grand rabbi, possibly another rabbi and three lay members who were residents of the town. The consistories acted to enforce Sanhedrin rules through the use of education; they also worked as informants to the government which was monitoring Jewish activity. There was one consistory for every town that contained 2,000 or more Jews.

During her tenure as education minister, Jamieson reformed the Scottish Qualifications Authority to reduce bureaucracy, and commenced the largest school building programme seen in Scotland. During the UK-wide fire strike in 2002, Jamieson was criticised for refusing to publicly endorse the Executive's collectively agreed description of the fire strike as "unacceptable", and opposition MSPs called for her to be sacked. However, the First Minister issued a statement of public support for Jamieson and took no action.
Men's golf.
