
<doc id="27509021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27509021" title="Augusto Rodríguez">
Prior to becoming a tropical depression, the system produced torrential rainfall in Nicaragua, resulting in the death of one person after she was swept away by a swollen river. Many homes and bridges were destroyed across the country. In Estelí Department, the Nicaraguan Air Force had to rescue 24 people trapped in their homes.
Writing and inspiration.


The land on which the house sits was originally part of the late 17th century Kakiat Patent, covering portions of what is today Rockland County and adjacent Bergen County, New Jersey. After the Revolutionary War, Michael Salyer, who had built a house nearby, sold the western portion of his land to Peter Perry. 
In September, 1920, the high school was moved from the Central School to the annex of the First Baptist Church for one year, while the present building was being constructed. The student body had grown to 236, of whom 16 were seniors, and football was organized for the first time. In the fall of 1921, 300 students moved into the current Frankfort Community High School. It was designed by the nationally-known school architect, Mr. William B. Ittner of St. Louis, Missouri.
Onderdonk House
<doc id="27512062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27512062" title="Rancho Rincon de Sanjon">
Reception.
The entire qualifying line of 70 attempts was completed without a single incident. The only driver who experienced trouble was Ken Schrader, who blew an engine during his attempt. Dale Earnhardt took the provisional pole with a lap of 171.726 mph, but his tenure was short-lived. The very next car out to qualify was Rick Mast. Mast set a new stock car lap record of 172.414 mph to secure the pole position. Jeff Gordon was one of the last cars to make an attempt, and qualified third.
These sorties, made at low level to escape radar detection, took 418 Squadron crews into the heart of enemy territory, there to wreak havoc among departing or returning Luftwaffe night-fighter crews (Intruder sorties), or to shoot up enemy airfields, or indeed anything else of military value, in Ranger sorties.
Plot.
<doc id="27515568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27515568" title="Caesar's Commentaries">
Shadows is the ninth studio album by British alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub, released on 31 May 2010 on the band's own PeMa label in Europe and on Merge Records in North America. It is the band's first new album release in five years. The album contains twelve songs: four written by Gerard Love, four by Norman Blake, and four by Raymond McGinley. Blake's "Baby Lee" was released as a single.
According to the Agrarian Reform Law, part of the retrieved Marcos wealth will be utilized for the government's agrarian reform program, and the remaining part for the compensation of the victims of the Marcos dictatorship. Once all pending legalities were settled regarding the US$ 683 Million in escrow, the fund was finally transferred to the Department of Agrarian Reform and Department of Agriculture.
History.
LMFAO discography
However, negative reviews, like the one from "New York Times" film critic, Janet Maslin, killed the publication of Honeycutt's piece. Maslin said of the final scene of the movie, "Anything this moment reveals about Vietnam and about America, not to mention about dogs and merry-go-rounds, has been said better elsewhere." Critic Richard Freeman found Barbara Hershey's character "moronic", and referred to the film as "twaddle." Freeman said it was "fraught with symbolism. Or maybe it is just fraught". He further said of the film, "Actually, it's about David Carradine, of whom the less said the better". The "Kokomo Tribune" called the story "pointless". When Carradine read the reviews, he went back to the hotel bathroom and threw up. It wasn't just that the critics didn't like the picture; they were angry at me for making it,' Carradine said. 'I'll never figure that out.
<doc id="27523631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27523631" title="Kotwal">

Ditomyiidae is a family of Diptera comprising only two genera: "Ditomyia" and "Symmerus".

The opening round is the "local" round; it is typically sponsored by a local country radio station (approximately 450 stations hold local contests for the "Country Showdown" as of the early 2010s) in the spring. The winners of the local contests then move onto the "state" championships, whose winners in turn advance to one of five "regional" finals (Southwest, Southeast, Midwest, Northeast and West). The winners of each regional final advance to the "national" final, held at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee, in January of each year. The National Final is taped in front of a live audience and later televised as a 1-hour-long program, and is broadcast on syndication in March and April. The act which is crowned victorious wins a grand prize of $100,000, along with the title of "Best New Act in Country Music", and a chance at notability which would help them to further their musical career.

Joar Ervin Olsen (1 February 1924 – 14 February 1945) was a Norwegian resistance member who was killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.
Drypis is a flowering plant genus in the family Caryophyllaceae.
Iliev
Base mediation can be used to induce rDA in cases when the separated products are less basic than the starting material. This strategy has been used, for instance, to generate aromatic cyclopentadienyl anions from adducts of cyclopentadiene. Strategically placed electron-withdrawing groups in the starting material can render this process essentially irreversible.
Without recording date - To be inserted in the list


Brigadier General (retired) Ahmed Abdullahi was Military Administrator of Kwara State, Nigeria between December 1987 and July 1988 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
Blue Valentine
Album.
Melissa Satta
Columbus had eight picks at the 2010 NHL Entry Draft in Los Angeles, California.
Awards and recognitions.
<doc id="27536058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27536058" title="Diboll High School">
Round 3
María Esther Vázquez (born 1937) is an Argentine writer and journalist. She was assistant and girlfriend of Jorge Luis Borges.
Rafael Obligado Castle
John A. DeBaun Mill is a historic grist mill located at Tallman in Rockland County, New York. It was built about 1845 and is a two story, four by two bay, heavy timber frame, claboard sheathed main block on a rubble stone foundation. The main block is flanked by large shed roofed one story wings. The property includes the mill building, a portion of the mill stream, and the site of the mill pond. It regularly functioned as a mill until 1906.
The town market, up to the late 1990s, was one of the favorite destinations for marriage shopping, as transportation facilities were limited and people preferred the nearest market. With government initiatives and improved transport facilities, customers can now shop in bigger markets in Kangra for their marriage shopping However the Bhawarna market still retains its importance of being an important trading centre in nearby area.
History.
Tropical Storm Unala.
San Pablo is a church in Zaragoza, Spain. Its original Gothic-Mudéjar building dates to the late 13th/early 14th-century; later it was enlarged and modified several times.
By 1952, "TIME" had cited him as one of 48 artists whose 250 paintings had been commissioned by Standard Oil of New Jersey. "TIME" mentioned Jones with other of the 48 artists by name: the other two were Peter Hurd and Thomas Hart Benton.
