Since the late 19th century, there have been several theories about the original function and authorship of Eunate. Due to its octagonal plan, the first theories stated that Eunate was a Templar church, related to other central plan churches like the above mentioned Holy Sepulchre of Torres del Río, and other undoubtedly Templar buildings like the Templar convent of Tomar, the Temple Church of London or the Holy Sepulchre of Pisa; all of them inspired by the Church of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem. This alleged Templar origin and the aura of mystery that surrounds the church have contributed to esoteric interpretations. While the presence of Knights Templar in this zone of Navarre is not documented, the importance of another military order, the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem or Knights Hospitaller, that could have operated a "hospital" ('hostel') for pilgrims to Santiago, is well known. Archaeological excavations have found many burials and the typical St. James' shells.
The Russian Business Network (commonly abbreviated as RBN) is a multi-faceted cybercrime organization, specializing in and in some cases monopolizing personal identity theft for resale. It is the originator of MPack and an alleged operator of the now defunct Storm botnet. 

Most pottery found at the Parkin Site is of the kind known as Mississippian Plain "var. Neeleys Ferry" and Barton Incised "var. Togo" (formerly called Parkin Punctated). Pottery found at Parkin phase sites are usually utilitarian wares rather than the elaborate mortuary types found at the Nodena, Kent or Walls phase burials. The archaeologist Clarence Bloomfield Moore described pottery from St. Francis River sites with adjectives such as "lopsided", "insufficiently fired", "rude and scanty", of "inferior surface" and "great monotony". In fact elaborate effigy pottery were also found at these sites, including five human head effigy pots, underwater panther effigies, elaborate fish and dog effigies, and red and white spiral, swastika and stripped bottles. The inclusion of less specifically mortuary wares found in graves seems to be a cultural difference between the Parkin peoples and the peoples of the surrounding phases. 
The Sneyd School Choir performed at the Royal Albert Hall, at an event called 'The Magic of Music', organised by the Opal Foundation. They were one of two school choirs to win that night, and have won the opportunity to represent Great Britain at the 2008 Choir Olympics in Graz, Austria
Plot summary.
Heinkenborstel is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.


There are also a number of partially recognised states not recognised by the United Kingdom; see List of states with limited recognition".
Khwarezmian control.
LEC billing is permitted in the United States as the breakup of the Bell System forced local telcos out of the long distance business; each client would otherwise receive multiple monthly bills (one for local service, one for long distance). There is no LEC billing for alternate long distance carriers in Canada as Bell Canada and Telus remain in the long-distance business and do not collect on behalf of their competitors.
