DC Rod Skase was the definition of suave. The trouble was that he knew it only too well. His arrogance was supplemented by a sarcasm that could be withering and he rarely shied away from an opportunity to score points off another officer. Rod not only saw himself as superior to those in uniform, but superior to most of his CID colleagues as well, regardless of rank. Rod also liked to think of himself as a ladies' man; however his chauvinistic tendencies meant that he rarely impressed any of them, least of all his female co-workers. He seemed happiest working alongside those in CID, such as DS John Boulton, who preferred action to words and didn't stick rigidly to the rules. Boulton was perhaps the closest thing to a friend Rod made amongst his colleagues, who generally considered Rod likeable despite his arrogance, but not completely reliable. Rod also appeared to be genuinely troubled by Jim Carver's descent into alcoholism although this did not stop him from offering Carver a Whisky to win a bet. Rod had a somewhat tempestuous working relationship with his fellow DC, the diminutive yet feisty Suzi Croft. At best, they gently bickered with each other. At worst, they practically came to blows. Although it gradually became apparent that there was something deliberate in his provocation towards her, it took Suzi's sudden decision to leave Sun Hill for it to be strongly implied that Rod actually cared about her a good deal more than he let on. Despite his intelligence and quick thinking, Rod never quite seemed to grasp the old adage that pride comes before a fall and on more than one occasion he found himself looking like a prat, or worse, berated by Deakin or Meadows. Whilst he did get results, there were instances when he teetered on the brink in order to do so, and perhaps it was only a matter of time before he went over the edge. His biggest screw-up turned out to be his last. Attempting to crack the case of a missing child, Rod made the fatal error of trying to force facts to fit the evidence by getting a witness to lie. When the child was found dead, Meadows threatened to have Rod charged with perverting the course of justice. Devastated by the child's death and knowing that his job was seriously on the line, Rod resigned.
<doc id="21005375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21005375" title="George Schlegel">
Conscription in the Ottoman Empire

Thomas Laybourn and Kamilla Rytter Juhl of Denmark won the World Championship title in the mixed doubles event, beating Lilyana Natsir and Nova Widianto of Indonesia (the defending champions) in the final. It was their first ever world title. The duo beat Zheng Bo and Ma Jin of China and Korea's Olympic champions on the way to the final. In the final, the Danish doubles pair won the first game by a score of 21–13 and also eased through the second game at a score of 21–17.
curvature values (0.23–0.34mm) appear reasonable for these experiments. After water flooding,


Child Welfare Committee Thrissur.
Thunderbird Lodge (Lake Tahoe, Nevada)
