As a result of the competition going out of business, all member clubs also closed down.
Absolute Power (Pro-Pain album)
The United States Air Force's 27th Air Refueling Squadron (27 ARS) was an aerial refueling unit that operated the Boeing KB-29P Superfortress at Bergstrom AFB, Texas. 
The mission would consist of up to 6,000 troops including 260 military observers and would take over the tasks of the previous UNOMSIL operation which was terminated upon the establishment of UNAMSIL in addition to participating alongside ECOMOG. Furthermore, acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council authorised the mission to take necessary measures for its own security to ensure the freedom of movement of its personnel and to protect civilians against direct threats. 
Soesastro obtained his doctorate from the Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School in Santa Monica, California.

Michigan State University Greek Life Website
Its CEO is Monica C. Lozano.

The most famous Xuan ink brushes are elaborately made of brownish rabbit hair. Xuan brushes are among the most expensive brushes and one of the four most famous brush types in China.


There doesn’t seem to be one universally agreed on set of lyrics. Below are two versions, the bottom one being the more aggressive of the two:

2. Dr. Ambedkar : Pradnyasuryache Vaicharik Charitha (Marathi)
Milson Hunt (birth registered July–September ) birth registered in Cardiff district, is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Cardiff, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Niccolò Appiani
Cumbria.
Ester Goldfeld
On 19 December 2006 the government announced a 20-year strategy to help Ireland become a fully bilingual country. This involved a 13-point plan and encouraging the use of language in all aspects of life. It aims to strengthen the language in both the Gaeltacht and the Galltacht.
Sherlock was a versatile footballer. He played left half forward with Meath winning the 1945/46 National Football League beating Wexford 2-2 to 6 pts and he won a Leinster Senior Football Championship medal in 1947. He then transferred to Cavan where he formed a brilliant midfield partnership with Phil 'The Gunner' Brady and scored a goal against Mayo in the 1948 Final. Phil Brady become his brother-in-law in 1953. He won his 2nd National Football League medal in 1949/50 season. He collected 4 Railway Cup medals with Ulster.
Swan Lake is an unincorporated community located in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. Swan Lake is approximately north of Glendora and south of Webb along Swan Lake Road. Swan Lake has a post office with ZIP code 38958. It is unclear when Swan Lake became an official community, but it was thought to be in the early to mid 20th century. It was started by a wealthy farmer named Bob Flautt. His labor and cotton gin were located in the most central part of his plantation. Swan Lake is actually the name of a lake about a mile north of the gin lot. Eventually the name was given to the plantation. Catfish ponds were eventually built that would parallel the gin lot. A small crop dusting airport would be installed as well as a store and post office.

Osun State Polytechnic, Iree (OSPOLY) is a tertiary learning institution in Iree, Osun State, Nigeria.
Shunned by her father's court in Modena, the dowager duchess moved into the Ducal Palace of Colorno, where she was under virtual house arrest with an escort of Swiss Guards. In December 1731, she was forced to return to the Ducal Palace in Parma in order to return the crown jewels of Parma to Dorothea, who was made head of the regency council on 29 December 1731.

