The Agriș River is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
Big Apple Bagels is an American franchised chain of bakery-cafes based in Deerfield, Illinois. Coffee, along with a variety of other related products are sold. The products are sold as three different brands: Big Apple Bagels, Brewster's Coffee, and My Favorite Muffin.
"Let It Loose" has never been performed live by the Rolling Stones. Phish covered the song as part of their "costume" album during Festival 8 in 2009, and then again on June 30, 2012.
The Valea Sârbului River is a headwater of the Iarăş River in Romania.
Los Colorados Formation
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Ethiopia, Kenya, Namibia, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Svensson represented Halmstads BK between 1990–2002, winning the league twice in 1997 and 2000 and the cup in 1995, in 2003 he moved to rival team AIK claiming he wanted to win titles. This failed and his contract was ended in 2004 after some disagreements with the club. In early 2005 he signed a 6-month contract with Paralimni FC from Cyprus, later in 2005 he returned to Sweden as a back-up goalkeeper for IF Elfsborg. He also represented BK Häcken and Malmö FF in 2006. He retired as a player at the end of Allsvenskan in 2007.
Distribution.

The black-eyed gecko is named for its unusually melanised irises. These could be an evolutionary response to a higher UV alpine environment above 1300m, but nocturnal habit and other newly discovered alpine geckos without this feature do not support this
His interest in Renaissance and Baroque works came from his many visits to the Museo del Prado in Madrid where he admired paintings done by old Spanish and Italian masters. Specifically he was inspired by Diego Velázquez for his light effects, Francisco de Zurbarán’s cloth studies, Juan Sánchez Cotán’s still lifes, Juan van der Hamen who popularized still life painting in Madrid, and Luis de Meléndez who had great technical skill in using light to depict texture.
Eddie Jack "Scooter" Tucker (born November 18, 1966 in Greenville, Mississippi) is an American former Major League Baseball catcher. Originally drafted by the San Francisco Giants in 1988, Tucker broke into the big leagues with the Houston Astros in 1992 and also played parts of the 1993 and 1995 seasons with the Astros. In 1995 the Astros traded him to the Cleveland Indians for pitcher Matt Williams. He played college baseball for Delta State University.
<doc id="12505547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12505547" title="Doumergue's fringe-fingered lizard">

They are found at up to 1500 meters in altitude. They inhabit dry open Mediterranean areas. Theses habitats are characterised by a stone cover and in most cases, a loose soiled area not too far away (sand...).
Built in 1863 for the affluent Carr family,house was originally situated at 44 Carr Street on a large property owned by Emily Carr's father, Richard. The building was designed in an Italianate style by prominent local architects Wright & Saunders, who also built another Victorian National Historic Site, the Fisgard Lighthouse. The area was the heart of 19th century Victoria, with many other merchants, businessmen, and politicians such as the Dunsmuirs living in the area, many of whom commissioned other important buildings, such as Helmcken House. Structurally, the building is an excellent, and well-preserved, heritage example of the Italianate villa style popular at the time.
The Whizzer bicycle engine was first produced in 1939 by Breene-Taylor Engineering, a Los Angeles-based manufacturer of airplane parts. By 1942, sales of the engines had not been entirely successful, having sold only about 2500 units. The Whizzer operation was then sold to Dietrich Kohlsatt and Martin Goldman.
