In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1278.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Presov, Slovakia"
During the twentieth century, two important developments occurred in the preservation of the Parliamentary records. The first concerned the records of the Commons. In 1927 the Clerk of the House of Commons resolved to transfer to the Victoria Tower an extensive post-1834 series of Private Bill records, though still retaining ultimate ownership of them for the House. This precedent has been followed by succeeding Clerks of the Commons, and in 1957 the core records of the House of Commons, the series of some 241 original manuscript Journals, dating from 1547 to 1800, were deposited in the Victoria Tower, by authority of the Speaker of the House. Secondly, in 1937, the then-Clerk of the Parliaments, Sir Henry Badeley, initiated a survey of the entire Lords archive. The resulting report by V. M. R. Goodman revealed the necessity of a full-time staff (which the records did not then have) to undertake boxing, repair and production of the manuscripts. The Second World War intervened, but in 1946 Badeley set up a House of Lords Record Office, under a Clerk of the Records who was to act as the deputy of the Clerk of the Parliaments in all record matters.
Music video.
Ladomirov was first mentioned in historical records in 1567.
History.

The Gibbons' home, Tara Hall, at Sandymount, County Dublin, was a literary centre and afternoon tea parties there often ran into the night. Frequent visitors there included Irish writers such as Padraic Colum, Ulick O'Connor and Austin Clarke. Gibbon always wrote in bed and often wandered down to the sea front in his pyjamas to collect driftwood. He was a keen cyclist all his life and could still be found riding his bicycle around Sandycove in his late 80s.
A holographic video display featuring Flacco sat at the Black Mountain Tower in Canberra during the 1990s in their now-removed "Making Connections" exhibition.
The Diary of Anne Frank is a stage adaptation of the book "The Diary of a Young Girl" by Anne Frank. It premiered at the Cort Theater in 1955.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1335.
Fanny Parnell
The first round of the election on July 1 reportedly proceeded without incident, although voting was extended by four hours in Ségou due to heavy rain. Voter turnout was reportedly low. President Touré attributed this to Mali's system of automatic voter registration and uninspiring politicians, while Keïta argued that the voters were disillusioned, pointing to the April presidential election, which he alleged was fraudulent.
The resulting fluorescence intensity measured is proportional to the product of the excitation probability and emission probability
Alice Muloki was born Alice Kintu on November 19, 1929. She was educated Berkley High School, Gayaza High School and Buloba College in Busoga. She then trained as a Grade 3 teacher at Buloba Primary Teachers College near Kampala, after which she taught at Buckley High School, before being transferred to work in Kamuli. In 1956, she resigned from working as a principal at Bishop Willis Core Primary Teachers College and married Henry Wako Muloki.
Moray Golf Club is situated in Lossiemouth (on the south coast of the Moray Firth), Moray, Scotland. The club has two eighteen hole courses appropriately called the "Old Course" and the "New Course". The club has played host to many championships, both amateur and professional. The old and new courses were designed by Old Tom Morris and Henry Cotton respectively.

Uncaught exceptions thrown by code will terminate the thread. The "main" thread prints exceptions to the console, but user-created threads need a handler registered to do so.
In earlier times, Wani was known as 'Wun'. Wani was a district headquarters in Berar Province during British rule. Later on Wani became a taluka and Yavatmal its district (earlier name 'Yeoti'). 
The Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department has issued guidance relating to its interpretation of the case.
