Tactical agencies.

"Stena Scandinavica" was the second of four ferries ordered in 1980 by Stena Line for Scandinavian routes. She was launched in 1983 as "Stena Germanica", but problems at the construction yard delayed her completion until 1988 when she entered service on the Gothenburg - Kiel route, joining her sister "Stena Germanica" (now ). The remaining two hulls were planned to be "Stena Polonica" (completed for ANEK Lines as "El Venizelos") and "Stena Baltica" (now ; lengthened by over 50 m, but still not completed).
The "Biogenesis"/"The Sixth Extinction"/"" trio of episodes started a new mythology for the series, questioning the origin of human life. Series creator Chris Carter claimed to be interested in the subject for a while, citing the possibility of extraterrestrial involvement in great extinctions that had happened millions of years ago. Carter claimed that early in the show he had met with a man who was one of the people responsible for leading the project of mapping the human genome and that he was interested enough in the subject to tie it into the show's alien mythology. The scientific basis for extraterrestrials pursued the writers to help Mulder and Scully's beliefs come together, which was furthered in the later seasons of the show. Frank Spotnitz claimed that the ideas used in this episode had been discussed between him and Carter for a few years, and had become easier to bring up after clearing away elements of the conspiracy in the episodes "Two Fathers" and "One Son".
Students at Mount St Benedict College have established a partnership with a high school in East Timor as a way to learn about social justice in a meaningful way. Four students and two teachers took stationery, musical instruments and school supplies to help establish a high school in East Timor. This support has continued for three years.
<doc id="23749885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23749885" title="SoS">

2001 Croatian Bol Ladies Open – Singles
Crocodile Gena's birthday. Cheburashka wishes him a happy birthday and gives him a gift. Later, Gena and Cheburashka build a playground for the local children, and get embraced by the Pioneers after collecting scrap metal.
"Data from: Flight International (1978)" 

History.
<doc id="23752694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23752694" title="St. Mary Magdalene's Church, Riga">
Diodorus wrote about the battle tactics of war elephants - "Upon this the elephants, applying to good use their prodigious size and strength, killed some of the enemy by trampling under their feet, and crushing their armour and their bones, while upon other they inflicted a terrible death, for they first lifted them aloft with their trunks, which they and twisted round their bodies and then dashed them down with great violence to the ground. Many others they deprived in a moment of life by goring then through and through with their tusks"
Whatzupwitu

Early life.
<doc id="23754109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23754109" title="Neonatal diabetes mellitus">
