The company's last licensed project involved Stanley Black & Decker. 500 Group identified a large untapped market, then developed and patented the required intellectual property. The series of Rolling Workshop systems resulted in incremental business to Stanley Black & Decker of over $400m with sales still growing annually and creating a new market category valued in excess of $2Bn. 


<doc id="15472096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15472096" title="Vabres, Cantal">
"Sexuality" is the first studio album by Tellier produced by someone other than himself. When de Homem-Christo was asked to produce the album, he was flattered and immediately agreed to do it. He expressed that Tellier "is maybe the best singer and composer in France today" and felt that the album was one of the few collaborative efforts in which he could contribute significantly and uniquely. "If you feel it and if you feel something creatively interesting then it’s possible." Their previous professional meeting was during the production period of the film "Daft Punk's Electroma", in which Daft Punk requested the use of Tellier's song "Universe".
Dầu Tiếng is a rural district of Bình Dương Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam. As of 2003, the district had a population of 92,592. The district covers an area of 720 km². The district capital lies at Dầu Tiếng. 
As at 3 August 2007, teacher-student ratios were higher in the Victorian government sector, at 13.8, compared with 12.9 in the non-government sector. However, in both sectors Victoria compared favourably with national figures: the national teacher-student ratio in government schools was higher at 14.2, and 13.8 in the non-government sector.

In the mid-2000s, the school district integrated reading and language arts classes into one, district-wide. Thus, this school was also influenced.
The street was named after a Bishop of London, Robert Braybrooke. Other Bishops of London who gave their names to nearby streets were Mellitus, Earconwald, Osmund, Wulfstan, Gilbert Foliot, Richard FitzNeal, John Stokesley and Humphrey Henchman.
<doc id="15475258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15475258" title="Tháp Mười District">
Hoàng Su Phì District
Per the Coast Guard Uniform Regulations, COMDTINST M1020.6F, chapter 3.E., the command ashore and command afloat insignia are considered equivalent.
In "A Nightmare on Elm Street 3", Freddy resumes his attacks on children at a clinic where Nancy is currently employed, causing her and Neil Gordon to visit Don and persuade him to reveal the location of Freddy's corpse so that it can be properly buried in the belief that this will force Freddy to pass into the Afterlife. When they reveal his corpse, it reanimates, and Don realizes that Nancy has been telling the truth all along. The corpse fights Don and impales him with the metallic fin of a Cadillac, killing him. Freddy later poses as Don in-order to trick Nancy into dropping her guard, allowing him to deal her a fatal wound. 
Birdgang,
According to Wikipedians from the Tagalog and English Wikipedias, the Tagalog Wikipedia also represents the Filipino language. According to the Vibal Foundation, a foundation that started WikiPilipinas, the Tagalog Wikipedia is different from WikiFilipino, the wiki that they manage because WikiFilipino uses Filipino language while Tagalog Wikipedia uses Tagalog language. The difference or sameness of Tagalog and Filipino sparked a debate among Tagalog Wikipedians about the name of the project. This debate was mentioned in an article by DILA ("Defenders of the Indigenous Languages of the Archipelago"), an organization that defends indigenous languages of the Philippines.
"Chicken Park" premiered at the 14th edition of Fantafestival, in which it entered the main competition. Due to production problems, it was not released theatrically in Italy. Broadcast by Italia 1, at its television premiere the film was seen by over 4 million people. The film was later released in Turkey as "Piliç parki" and subsequently in Spain as "Pollo jurásico".
Beck - "Mixed Bizness"

Saint Medan was a saint, apparently of the early British or Irish period, whose existence and name are inferred from the name Kirkmaiden in Wigtownshire.
