<doc id="738439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=738439" title="Tsuen Wan West Station">
Immediately after Ionescu's 1913 mission to Greece, the street he lived on was renamed "Atena" (Romanian for "Athens"). A section of the present-day Magheru Boulevard in Bucharest was initially named in Ionescu's honor. Undergoing a name change during the Communist period, a section of the former Atena Street was assigned the name "Take Ionescu" in the wake of the 1989 Revolution. Atena Street housed a large statue of Take Ionescu, the work of French sculptor Ernest Dubois, depicting him standing alongside two female nudes, representing the ideal borders of Greater Romania (the Dniester and the Tisza), and pointing toward Transylvania. The monument was notably criticized by architectural historian Grigore Ionescu, who argued that it was "an inferior replica of Ion Brătianu's monument".
<doc id="738599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=738599" title="Ikazuchi">
Shirley Strickland Saffold.
Józef Boruwłaski
Kings River can refer to:

Legacy.
The Red Sox had high expectations for Foulke in 2006, after two knee surgeries in the offseason. Manager Terry Francona was hoping to put Foulke back in the closer role, but after an inconsistent spring and early regular season games, Francona was quick to go to Jonathan Papelbon as the closer. Foulke pitched mainly as one of the team's middle relievers, along with Mike Timlin, Julián Tavárez, and Rudy Seánez. Foulke continued to struggle, with an ERA of 5.63. On June 12, 2006, Foulke was put on the disabled list with right elbow tendinitis. Foulke was activated from the 15-day DL on August 18. In November 2006, Foulke opted for free agency.
Then we need to see the same relation holding true for formula_14.
Plagiarism allegation.

Daniel Spoerri (born 27 March 1930 in Galați) is a Swiss artist and writer born in Romania. Spoerri is best known for his "snare-pictures," a type of assemblage or object art, in which he captures a group of objects, such as the remains of meals eaten by individuals, including the plates, silverware and glasses, all of which are fixed to the table or board, which is then displayed on a wall. He also is widely acclaimed for his book, "Topographie Anécdotée* du Hasard" ("An Anecdoted Topography of Chance"), a literary analog to his snare-pictures, in which he mapped all the objects located on his table at a particular moment, describing each with his personal recollections evoked by the object. 

Crecine returned to Carnegie Mellon in the fall of 2006 as Distinguished Service Professor at the Heinz College.
Dennison grew up on a farm in Renfrew County. He first left home at age 15 to work in the lumber camps of Northern Ontario. As a young man he would trek west to Saskatchewan in the summers to earn money helping with the harvest and pitching grain. By night, he would educate himself by reading Little Blue Books.
Derivatives.
Each country has its own rules and regulations as to how one can retrieve mail at a PO Box. Some countries, such as the United States or the United Kingdom, may require one or more forms of identification. Not all countries offer locked PO Boxes.
Illness and death.
The Indian Navy has developed two sea-based delivery systems for nuclear weapons, completing Indian ambitions for a nuclear triad.
Guidance is via a 32-bit computer and an IMU. A GPS receiver gives additional information. Due to the air launch and wing lift, the first-stage flight algorithm is custom-designed. The second- and third-stage trajectories are ballistic, and their guidance is derived from a Space Shuttle algorithm.
Tora Bora.
