In sixteenth century, Jagannathpur was a zamindari (equivalent of the medieval European serfdom) of two sisters, Shivani and Mohini, who were granted the zamindari by the sovereign of Muazzamabad. Shivani and Mohini were cheated by their choudharies and diwans, which led to impecuniosities and resultant non-payment of revenue collected from the serfs led to forfeiture of zaminadri. Shivani and Mohini refused to give up their zamindari and instead declared a battle against the Khans of Muazzamabad. On the order of the reigning Khan, Jagannathpur was besieged by Paragal Khan from Paragola (present-day Pagla), Syed Habib Ullah from Habibganj (present-day Habiganj) and Kuwaz Khan from Shaharpara. No battle ensued and truce was declared on the condition that Kuwaz Khan and Syed Habib Ullah respectively walk down the aisle with Shivani and Mohini.
Geography.
The plot is based on the story of Rupa Mody, whose son went missing after the 2002 Gujarat riots. The ten-year-old Parzan disappears during these riots when their surrounding homes are attacked. Cyrus, Shernaz and Dilshad manage to escape the carnage. In the aftermath of the riots, Cyrus searches for his missing child while fighting for his own sanity. While assisting the Pithawalas in their search, Allan battles to uncover the reason behind the riots in an effort to make some sense of the incident. People start to question government's official explanation of the incident which downplays any conspiracy. As a result, a Human Rights Commission is formed. Through the commission, several witnesses and victims testify against the indifference of the police to protect them from the rioters. The film ends with a dedication to the victims of communal violence.
Manufactories Flour mill 2, pulse mill 2, ice factory 4, chira mill 5.
Kotalipara is located at . It has 37603 units of house hold and total area 362.05 km².It is very improved as the election constitution of Shek Hasina. It is a "Mofossol" town.yIt takes 4-5 hour coming from Dhaka in highway by Bus (Aricha point) and 3 hours at Mawa point.
Women's Organisation 1 nos. 

2005 - Fragments Captured As One 
<doc id="9496673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9496673" title="Taiyuan Wusu International Airport">
The articles in "Radio News" were technically sophisticated so a new magazine, "Practical Electrics", was created to appeal to a wider audience. This was initially published by Practical Electrics Company, a subsidiary of Experimenter Publishing. The first issue was November 1921. The magazine never printed more than 60,000 copies; the old "Electrical Experimenter" had 100,000 readers and "Radio News" now had 400,000. In the November 1924 issue Hugo Gernsback wrote "We therefore decided last month to bring back the old Electrical Experimenter once and for all."; the title became "The Experimenter" The magazine was merged into "Science and Invention" in February 1926.

Edison: C.J.'s firefly sidekick who also debuts in the original "2nd Grade". In this game, he seems to dislike adventuring (once expressing that he wishes the gadget pieces were hidden in "quiet places" like golf courses and petting zoos) and, as in most games made after "2nd Grade" where he appears, sports an Irish-sounding accent. His looks are very different from his original appearance: he is blue-green in color with a different hat and outfit.
