In December 2000, Corus Entertainment, on behalf of an organization to be incorporated, was granted approval by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to launch Discovery Kids, described as "a national English-language Category 2 specialty television service that offers children of all ages a fun, entertaining way to satisfy their natural curiosity with stimulating, imaginative programming that asks the questions of how? and why? and awakens the power of the mind." 
Jim Martin (puppeteer)
Stubbs Road is an example of the city's "cultural diversity": one of Hong Kong's tallest residential buildings, Highcliff, and the historical Chinese style building, King Yin Lei, are situated on this road.
De Groot was the lead designer on "Restaurant Makeover" from 2005 to 2007, as well as the featured designer for numerous television programs including "Grow TV" and "CH Morning Live". He was also the design director for the Home Depot magazine "Style Ideas", published in both Canada and in the United States.
The Shadows performed an instrumental version of this song on their 1967 album "Jigsaw".
Its church is 500 years old; there is a richly-carved Chancel screen. There is a statue of Britannia by John Bacon, in memory of Admiral Samuel Graves and his wife.
It is a very small primary school at the centre of the village. The Victorian church school building has been considerably modified and, with a mobile temporary classroom, now provides space for two classes, one for reception and Years
The stereotype among most Chinese in Canton that all Tanka women were prostitutes was common, leading the government during the Republican era to accidentally inflate the number of prostitutes when counting, due to all Tanka women being included. The Tanka women were viewed as such that their prostitution activities were considered part of the normal bustle of a commercial trading city. Sometimes the lowly regarded Tanka prostitutes managed to elevate themselves into higher forms of prostitution.
1984 Olympic Games: finished 6th among 12 teams
Hākim (حاكم).
Capital gains tax (CGT) in the context of the Australian taxation system applies to the capital gain made on disposal of any asset, except for specific exemptions. The most significant exemption is the family home. Rollover provisions apply to some disposals, one of the most significant is transfers to beneficiaries on death, so that the CGT is not a quasi death duty.
<doc id="3313560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3313560" title="Billy the Marlin">

Inter-American Development Bank (1998), "Graceful span with a heart of steel". [http://www.iadb.org/idbamerica/Archive/stories/1998/eng/e498g.htm]
The arrondissement of Argenteuil is an arrondissement of France in the Val-d'Oise department in the Île-de-France region. It has seven cantons and seven communes.
The communes of the arrondissement of Troyes, and their INSEE codes, are:
Communes.

The Broadway production opened at the George Gershwin Theatre on December 16, 1993 and closed on December 19, 1993 after 51 previews and five performances. Directed by Stanley Donen and choreographed by Lar Lubovitch, the cast included Margaret Illmann as ballerina Victoria Page, Steve Barton (who replaced Roger Rees during previews) as Svengali-like Boris Lermontov, and Hugh Panaro as Julian Craster, as well as George de la Peña, and Leslie Browne in supporting roles.
Communes.
Broadcasting career.
Dialect speaking area.
