Šúrovce is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia.
The MPC60 was widely supported by third-party sample sellers (and, of course, the instrument allowed users to do their own sampling). Many of the original MPC60 factory sounds were produced & recorded by drummer Willie Wilcox.
In the south of the district is the Phu Khiao Wildlife Sanctuary. The Chulabhorn Dam creates an artificial lake out of the Nam Phrom river, covering about 12 km². The 700 metres long and 70 metres high dam was finished in 1973 and is used for generating hydroelectric power.
Chronology of baseball video games
First World War.
<doc id="6311153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6311153" title="10th Battalion (Australia)">
Despite increaseing urbanisation, the rural environs of Volmerswerth still draw many people from Düsseldorf and the surrounding Rhineland conurbation. The area is popular with walkers and cyclists, whilst in-line skaters are often seen by the Rhine at weekends.
February 23, 1974
Harish Chandra Mukherjee died on 14 June 1861. As he had contributed handsomely towards the society, he could not leave behind anything else except his house and the Hindu patriot Press. Even his house went on auction for a case filed against him earlier in connection with a report published in Hindu patriot on atrocities of indigo merchants. Girish Chandra Ghosh appealed to the nation for preservation of the house, Kaliprasanna Singha and others contributed handsomely to the fund.

General Black attended the Judge Advocate Basic and Graduate courses, the Army Command and General Staff College, and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.
Edwin Clarence Widseth (January 5, 1910 – December 3, 1998) was an American football tackle. He was an All-American at the University of Minnesota in 1935 and an All-Pro in the National Football League for the New York Giants. He has been inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
<doc id="6313033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6313033" title="Seal of Westfield, Massachusetts">
His articles feature light-hearted humor, typically with a degree of self-deprecation. A former Angeleno, he enjoys relating stories of his fond memories of the Dodger games he listened to as a child.
From 1982 on, all of Askildsen's published books have been short story collections. It is mainly these books that made him one of the most acclaimed modern writers in Norway. "Thomas F's siste nedtegnelser til almenheten" (1983) won him the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature. In 2006, a jury appointed by the newspaper Dagbladet voted that collection the best prose book written in Norway during the last 25 years [http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2006/08/05/473082.html]. He has won other awards as well, almost one for each new publication.
<doc id="6313948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6313948" title="Short-tail stingray">

Hasle is first mentioned in 1236 as "Hasile".
Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2007
Rickenbach, Lucerne
Process Explorer is a freeware task manager and system monitor for Microsoft Windows created by Sysinternals, which has been acquired by Microsoft. It provides the functionality of Windows Task Manager along with a rich set of features for collecting information about processes running on the user's system. It can be used as the first step in debugging software or system problems.
Furthermore, in the context of his criticism of morality and Christianity, expressed, among others works, in "On the Genealogy of Morals" and in "The Antichrist", Nietzsche often criticized humanitarian feelings, detesting how pity and altruism were ways for the "weak" to take power over the "strong". However, he qualified his critique of Christianism as a "particular case" of his criticisms of free will. Along with the rejection of teleology, this critique of free will is one of the common points he shared with Spinoza, whom he qualified as a "precursor". To the "ethics of compassion" ("Mitleid", "shared suffering") exposed by Schopenhauer, Nietzsche opposed an "ethics of friendship" or of "shared joy" ("Mitfreude").
<doc id="6316801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6316801" title="Jan Dubravius">
Bogus Orders of Saint Stanislas.
Strongbolt
USS Capricornus (AKA-57)
History.
In the music video Herb Alpert appears in "Bucky's" night club where the DJ eventually plays his new single. The song is a hit with the crowd and Herb and his band end up performing onstage. Meanwhile, Janet heads back to the club in a limo. Janet herself does not appear in the video---a look-alike is used for the limo scenes and the shadow of Janet in the club. A child breaks through the look-alike's shadow and performs as Janet.
