Invertebrates.

When Cullen married Yolande Du Bois in April 1928, it was the social event of the decade, but the marriage did not fare well, and he divorced in 1930. It is rumored that Cullen was a homosexual, and his relationship with Harold Jackman ("the handsomest man in Harlem"), was a significant factor in the divorce. The young, dashing Jackman was a school teacher and, thanks to his noted beauty, a prominent figure among Harlem's gay elite. Van Vechten had used him as a character model in his novel "Nigger Heaven" (1926).
The rare but potentially deadly disease botulism occurs when the anaerobic bacterium "Clostridium botulinum" grows in improperly canned low-acid foods and produces botulin, a powerful paralytic toxin.
Many TPRS workshops are available in the United States, including those by Blaine Ray, Susan Gross, Ben Slavic, TPRS Publishing, Karen Rowan, Teach for June, Chalkboard Productions, and many more. It is more difficult to find workshops outside of the United States. In the Netherlands, TPR Storytelling workshops, training and coaching are provided by Taalleermethoden.nl and TPRS Nederland. Chalkboard Productions does online webinar training that is accessible from anywhere with an Internet connection. Albany Language Learning specializes in TPRS for Chinese programs.
After the loss of Atlanta, Brown withdrew the state's militia from the Confederate forces to harvest crops for the state and the army. When Union troops under Sherman overran much of Georgia in 1864, Brown called for an end to the war.
The nationalists, all identified as Lolita Lebrón, Rafael Cancel Miranda, Andres Figueroa Cordero, and Irving Flores Rodríguez, unfurled a Puerto Rican flag and began shooting at the 240 Representatives of the 83rd Congress, who were debating an immigration bill. Five Representatives were wounded, one seriously, but all recovered. The assailants were arrested, tried and convicted in federal court, and given long sentences, effectively life imprisonment. In 1978 and 1979, they were pardoned by President Jimmy Carter; all four returned to Puerto Rico.
Carvalhal Benfeito is a one of sixteen civil parishes ("freguesias") in the municipality of Caldas da Rainha, Portugal. The civil parish has an area of and had a population of 1,279 at the 2011 census.
<doc id="531948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=531948" title="China Service Medal">
Dees is a farmer, raising both crops and cattle in central Kentucky. He loves water skiing and golf. He even caddied at the Masters in Augusta, Georgia, for Mark O'Meara. Rick is also an ardent pastry chef, who loves to bake anything with chocolate.
All but a few of the "Maximum PC" issues published from October 1998 to December 2008 are available to view on Google Book Search.
In November 2006, Xango, LLC, became the official corporate jersey-front sponsor of Real Salt Lake, a MLS soccer team based in Salt Lake City, Utah, for four years, at a cost of between $500,000 and $1 million per year. Although Xango's contract with Real Salt Lake ends after the 2013 season, there are no plans for Xango to renew. In 2006, the company made a 5-year, $1 million grant to an Orem, Utah arts council for naming rights to what is now called the "Xango Grand Theater".
Endeavour Hills Post Office opened on September 5, 1983. 
