The troops involved.
One of the Norwegian air units in which the M.F. 11 saw action was the highly improvised Romsdalsfjord Air Group (Norw. "Romsdalsfjordgruppa"). The air group was eventually to consist of a total of four aircraft; one M.F. 11 (F.342, originally from Trøndelag Naval District), one Arado Ar 196 (the one captured at Lyngstad) and two Fleet Air Arm Supermarine Walrus'. The first Walrus (P5649) of 700 Naval Air Squadron was one released by Norwegian authorities after having been interned in Kristiansund on 8 April after failing to return to the battleship HMS "Rodney" after a scouting mission due to high waves. The other arrived in Molde on 13 April to inform the Royal Norwegian Navy command of the imminent arrival of an RN task force. After meeting with Captain Ullring, the commander of the local RNoN district in the Romsdal area, the crew of the Walrus decided on joining the Romsdalsfjord Air Group for the time being. The air group was based out of Eidsøra, where the newly built school was utilised as a barracks and the local rifle association provided a guard force of riflemen for observations of air and naval activity. A group of local women provided the force of around twenty-five officers and men with food and other supplies.
Allanton, Scottish Borders
Bektaş is located in Dereli district of Giresun province in the eastern Black Sea region of Turkey. Kulakkaya, Melikli Obası, Kurttepe location and Alçakbel are the main settlement areas which are used in summer times. The people comes to the area in the beginning of May and leaves in the end of October. The plateau cannot be visited in winter due to intense snow falls. 
The S.3b Chamois was produced in response to Specification 30/24 (as was the Vickers Vespa). The airframe of the first Springbok II (J7295) was adapted to take the more powerful 450 hp Jupiter VI. Its first flight took place at Lympne Aerodrome on 14 March 1927, also flown by Lankester Parker.


Sriranga I (a.k.a. Sriranga Deva Raya) (r. 1572–1586 CE) was the eldest son of Tirumala Deva Raya and the king of Vijayanagara empire. He carried the restoration of the Vijayanagara empire, but his reign was marred with repeated attacks and loss of territories from his Muslim neighbours.
Mansell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mercurial Vapor V & Mercurial Vapor Superfly.
Fleet.
