Ralph Williams, almost always referred to as Skip Williams, is an American game designer. He is married to Penny Williams, who is also involved with the games industry. He is best known as co-creator of "Dungeons & Dragons" 3rd Edition and as the longtime author of "Dragon Magazine"'s column "Sage Advice."
Lötschberg Base Tunnel

<doc id="1814174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1814174" title="PHP-Fusion">

MCW bus bodies were built in Metro-Cammell's and Weymann's factories until 1966 when Weymann's factory in Addlestone was closed (the Metro-Cammell and Weymann brand names were dropped in the same year). From 1977 MCW also built bus chassis.
<doc id="1814464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1814464" title="0 A.D. (video game)">
Frode Sørensen (born 21 January 1946 at Toftlund) is a Danish politician representing the Social Democrats. He was Tax Minister from 21 December 2000 to 27 November 2001. He was a Member of Parliament (Folketinget) from 11 March 1998 - 13 November 2007.
The Vortixx are a species from the island of Xia, where females dominate males. They have little moral regard for life, having turned their island into an industrial nightmare through the production weapons and military supplies to sell to anyone who pays them well, resulting in acid grass and sky raining fire. When the Vortixx began to charge excessive prices, the Brotherhood of Makuta was forced to step in, and Makuta Mutran and Icarax were dispatched to the island. The Vortixx's refusal to comply eventually resulted in Icarax destroying a portion of the island, after which the Vortixx became more willing to negotiate. Meanwhile, Mutran left behind a sentient rock on the island by accident, which eventually grew to be intregal in Vortixx society after it consumed enough victims to become a mountain. At some point in their lives, Vortixx were offered the chance to complete the trial of climbing the Mountain. Vortixx will attempt to climb in pairs, and will be rewarded a higher station by returning together. However, those who return from the Mountain after abandoning their partner are given an even higher status for displaying ruthlessness, and are allowed to leave the island if they wish. Only one Vortixx has been named in the series, Roodaka, former Viceroy of the Visorak horde, now a prisoner of the Order of Mata Nui after she double-crossed both the Brotherhood of Makuta and the Dark Hunters.
In 2013, "This Morning" held a competition for one viewer to present "The Hub" for one day in the Summer. The winner of the competition was Maddy Moss, who hosted "The Hub" features on two occasions.
<doc id="1814985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1814985" title="Aneurysm (song)">

Members of Parliament.
She won several major tournaments, including the United States Classic, the Dixie Classic and the National Duckpin Bowling Congress All Events Championship. She lived briefly in Phoenix, Arizona, and was Arizona Women's Bowling Association Champion in 1954 and 1955. She held more than 50 world records in duckpins for best scores in sets of consecutive games. 
In 1819 the Metropolita of Ioannina Gabriel visited the communities which suffered from the disease, and in the town he met 160 inhabitants. In a letter of Ath. Psalidis dated 12-2-1823, sent to Movrokordatos, he described the situation of the Epirus and Tessally, under the Turkish occupation, showing an armed struggle for liberation. It reports that in the town of Dobrinovo where people live, they were able to carry weapons. The town of Dobrinovo in that period used the school separated for the boys and the girls and was constructed using the aqueduct that brought water to the town and bridges that opened new roads. The inhabitants of Dobrinovo travelled a lot and became traders, but they did not forget their town and they contributed for its development. The Greek newspaper published in Constantinopolis, speaks about 1200 inhabitants in the town of Dobrinovo. Unfortunately for the town, there followed a period of economic decadence. The Balkan wars in 1912, then the First World War, blocked the trade activities that the Iliochorites had created with the countries like Bulgaria, Serbia, Montenegro, until Russia. Later with the arrival of the Spanish flu pulled down on all the towns including Dobrinovo (Iliochori) with numerous victims.
The Rev. Brian Shanley contrasts the gifts to the virtues this way: "What the gifts do over and above the theological virtues (which they presuppose) is dispose the agent to the special promptings of the Holy Spirit in actively exercising the life of the virtues; the gifts are necessary for the perfect operations of the virtues, especially in the face of our human weakness and in difficult situations."
