The Moorabool River is a river in Victoria, Australia that runs past several small towns and areas such as Meredith, Anakie, and Staughton Vale (north-west of Geelong). The river joins with the Barwon River at Fyansford.
The original designation for the ships was LCS(L)(3), which stood for "Landing Craft Support (Large) Mark 3". In 1949 the class was reclassified to "Landing Ship Support, Large" (LSSL). The USN had to have the designation LCS(L) because there was also a smaller class named LCL, that were built mainly for rescue and smoke laying during amphibious operation.
Gustav Ritter von Kahr
Rebellions by feudatories.

Throughout 1980, Dylan was still focused on religious-oriented music in what was dubbed as his 'Born Again' period. This period was marked by prolific songwriting, and it continued through the summer, when Dylan began work on his follow-up album to "Saved". "Property of Jesus," "Yonder Comes Sin," and new arrangements of older material like "Ain't Gonna Go to Hell (For Anybody)" were composed during this time, but the three most important works written that summer were "Every Grain of Sand," "Caribbean Wind," and "The Groom's Still Waiting at the Altar"; each of these marked a dramatic change in Dylan's lyrical direction, with the latter two "contrast his troubled sexual relations with the demands of a higher calling," according to author Clinton Heylin.
Further up the Tyne Valley, past the village of Crawcrook and into the border of Northumberland, there are rural market towns such as Prudhoe, Corbridge and Hexham.
Vaudenay was appointed program chair of Eurocrypt 2006, PKC 2005, FSE 1998; and in 2006 elected as board member of the International Association for Cryptologic Research.
In the 17th and 18th centuries the meadow was used for horse racing, and low stone bridges laid over washes and ditches for this purpose still survive.
Hong Hai Er () is the Chinese name of Red Boy, a character in the Chinese classical novel "Journey to the West". It may also refer to:
The clubhouse is located at 37-38 St James's Street in the City of Westminster and is a Grade I listed building. Originally built in 1674 and then rebuilt in 1787-88, probably by James Wyatt, it was further altered in 1811 and the frontage was remodelled by Lockyer in 1852. Constructed of Portland stone with a slate roof it possesses the Victorian version of a Palladian façade with some French motifs. The buildings consists of three storeys, a basement and a dormered attic. In the late 1970s, the exterior was painted azure with white trim.
Traveler (mascot)
Performance notes.
In early Christian Ireland the druid tradition collapsed, with the spread of the new faith. The study of Latin and Christian theology flourished in monasteries.
Timuay Labi (highest) Beng Imbing bore six children — three boys and three girls. He named his boys Calay, Lumok and Purok, all with a title of Datu. He named his girls Calat, Calangian and the last Sindium. The last Subanen Datu among the Subanens was Datu Purok Imbing. After him, there was no more anointment. The American missionaries were already in Lapuyan and the saga of the Datus and Timuays ended its cruel and happy days.

Official records state that the British Museum never received the mummy, only the lid of its sarcophagus (which is on display at the museum and known as the "Unlucky Mummy"). Additionally, except during war and special exhibits abroad, the lid has not left the Egyptian room.
A state employee can be awarded "The Order" if the employee has contributed more than 30 years of dedicated and enthusiastic service to the state of North Carolina.
With VGM
Iceland.



Shell money is a medium of exchange similar to money that was once commonly used in many parts of the world. Shell money usually consisted either of whole sea shells or pieces of them, which were often worked into beads or were otherwise artificially shaped. The use of shells in trade began as direct commodity exchange, the shells having value as body ornamentation. The distinction between beads as commodities and beads as money has been the subject of debate among economic anthropologists.
The series was particularly popular in Serbia, where it gained cult status. In a tumultuous social environment – with UN trade embargo imposed on the country and civil war raging nearby – Nick Slaughter's character became a tongue-in-cheek role model, particularly among urban youth, and eventually even a symbol of opposition politics. 
<doc id="2145484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2145484" title="Transracial">
Tour of England, 1931.
Augustus John (Gus) Harris (July 1908 – February 20, 2000) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, England. He was the mayor of Scarborough, Ontario from 1978 to 1988.
Lords of EverQuest
Kirby's Dream Land 3 uses a mode of the SNES termed "pseudo high-resolution" (which allows for color blending between two adjacent pixels) to blend dithered sprites.
