Gène Hanssen
Academic honours and awards.

<doc id="27773560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27773560" title="Michael Kuchwara">

Audio.
Schools.
The businesses that would become the Desloge Consolidated Lead Company began around 1824, when Firmin Rene Desloge built a smelting furnace as an extension of his mercantile business in Potosi, Missouri. Desloge Lead Company is the original Desloge family lead business in Missouri. Firmin Rene Desloge is the founder of the Desloge Family in America.
In the summer of 2008 his son Asylbek Saliev successfully sued two independent newspapers 'De Facto' and 'Alibi' for libel after they published an article alleging he was involved in a traffic accident that resulted in the death of a pedestrian. Saliev was awarded one million soms (approximately US$35,000) from each in compensation.
Indiana State's Johnny Towalid returned 2 interceptions of North Dakota State; a 27-yarder in the second quarter and a 31- yarder in the fourth quarter. North Dakota State pulled within 17-14, but Indiana State's Larry King intercepted a third pass to seal the win. Indiana State's Shakir Bell rushed for 96 yards on 26 carries.
Founding of new Sephardi school.
According to the United States Census Bureau, Phoenix Township covers an area of ; all of it land.
W. Carew Hazlitt's "Old Cookery Books".
The Pulindas attack with ferocity. There is much bloodshed as the merchants fight back before they begin to falter. Enraged, Varānga fights even harder and faces-off against the Pulinda chief's son, Kala, whom he kills. Varānga then confronts the Pulinda chief himself, whom he also kills after a long fight. The Pulindas to flee, but Varānga himself is left seriously wounded. The merchants tend to him and shower him with wealth. Since he refuses to disclose his name, they simply call him Kashchidbhata ("some soldier"). Tales of his heroism spread and the convoy finally reaches Sagaravriddhi's home country, Lalitapura. This kingdom is also the home of Princess Sunanda, Varānga's cousin and onetime prospective wife (whom he had not married). Sagaravriddhi and his wife take Kashchidbhata (Varānga) as their son, and secure the rank of merchant-captain for him.
Xiao Gou
Born Suzette Forgues in Montreal, Forgues Halasz was a child prodigy and began giving public piano concerts at the age of 4. She began studying the cello seriously at the age of 10 with Gustave Labelle and at age 11 gave her first public recitals at the Theatre des Petits Enfants and at the Ball de League de la Jeunesse Feminine in Montreal. She went on to earn a diploma in cello performance from the Académie de musique du Québec in 1940 where she was a pupil of Jean-Baptiste Dubois.
<doc id="27780966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27780966" title="1987 President's Cup Football Tournament">

"Maribor won 6–2 on aggregate."

