In May 2002, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a ruling that aloe laxatives are no longer generally recognized as safe (GRAS) and effective, meaning that aloin-containing products are no longer available in over-the-counter drug products in the United States, because they may be carcinogenic and more data is needed to establish otherwise. Aloe vera leaf latex is a concentrate of an herb or other botanical, and so meets the statutory description of an ingredient that may be used in dietary supplements.

Property rights campaign.
The economic depression of the 1930s was portended in the 1920s when the prices fetched for primary produce – a significant part of the New Zealand economy of the time – declined to the point where many producers were forced from the industry. The incoming United Party-led government of 1928 headed by Sir Joseph Ward promised to turn around the fortunes of the country, largely by borrowing. When Ward was forced to retire in May 1930 due to ill health, his successor – George Forbes – was given responsibility for a massive budget deficit. The response was to cut government expenditure, to which end a commission was established in June 1930 to review all railway lines.
<doc id="14173122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14173122" title="Hans Van Alphen">
The 1994 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match on 4 May 1994 contested between Arsenal of England and Parma of Italy. It was the final match of the 1993–94 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 34th European Cup Winners' Cup Final. The final was held at the Parken Stadium in Copenhagen, and Arsenal won 1–0 with the goal coming from Alan Smith. It is widely considered as the peak of Arsenal's famous defence. Arsenal became the fourth London club to win the trophy after Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea and West Ham United.
The Dodge Warlock, originally a concept vehicle and part of Dodge's late 1970s "adult toys" line, is a short wheelbase truck that was produced in limited production in 1976 and regular production from 1977 to 1979 under the Dodge name brand by the Chrysler Corporation. They were available in 4x2 and 4x4 models and offered only in black, red, orange or green; later in 1979 it was available in 6 colors. Its main draw was that it was a factory customizable truck, also known as a "trick truck", and was designed to appeal to young 4x4 buyers. The Warlock featured custom wheels, wide tires, bucket seats, a Utiline bed, and oak racks for the bed. Optional equipment included five-spoke wheels, bucket seats, tinted glass, bright rear bumper, and power steering. All had black interiors accented by gold tape on the dash and the doors, and a "tuff" steering wheel. Like the standard pickups, though, it had front disc brakes, and a standard slant six. the exterior was accented by gold pinstriping around the wheel wells and the body lines. the pinstriping continued inside onto the doors, dashboard, and instrument panel. Warlock was printed in gold on the tailgate. The 1979 model however is different in that it has "Warlock II" printed on the tailgate. It appears that all normal engine options were available. It could have come with the standard straight six, the 318 with either the 2 barrel or 4 barrel carburetor, the 360, the 400, or the 440. The 318 appears to be the most common engine selected.
Match details.
<doc id="14174529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14174529" title="Krylatskoe Sport Palace">
In 583 the Avars demanded an increase in tribute to 100,000 solidi. Maurice decided to end all tribute to the Avars, concluding that additional concessions would only provoke additional demands. The renewed Avar invasion began in 583 with the capture of Singidunum after stiff resistance. The Avars quickly moved east and captured Viminacium and Augustae, and began attacking as far southeast as Anchialus after only three months into the war. A Roman embassy met the Avars near Anchialus, but negotiations broke down after the Avar Chagan threatened further conquests, provoking an irate response out of Comentiolus, one of the Roman ambassadors. Nevertheless, Maurice established peace in 584 when he agreed to pay the Avars initial demands of 100,000 solidi. However, the Slavs were unhindered by the treaty, and began to raid further south into Macedonia and Greece, evidenced by many coin hoards in the region, particularly in Attica near Athens and in the Peloponnese.
Morgan won the British under-16 championship in 1979. He became the youngest ever Commonwealth Games weightlifting champion in 1982 at Brisbane, at 17 years of age. Competing in the lightweight class (67.5 kg), he achieved 132.5 kg in the snatch and 162.5 kg in the clean and jerk to defeat former champion Basil (Bill) Stellios of Australia. Morgan is the only competitor to win medals in six different Commonwealth Games, with victories in 1982, 1986, 1990, 1994, 1998, and 2002. He won two gold and one silver medals in 2002 at Manchester (with 145 kg in the snatch and 160 in the clean and jerk), bringing his career medal total to twelve (nine gold, three silver).
Piriform is a privately owned software house based in the West End of London, UK.
IFAS was formed in October 1999 to provide an umbrella organisation for mutual benefit and co-operation for almost all Irish astronomical clubs and societies on the Island of Ireland, north and south.
Gamaliel Bartlett died November 10, 1859, at the home of Mrs. David Johnson (his wife's first cousin) at Brooklyn, New York City. The Brooklyn Daily Eagle, on that same day, carried an obituary on page 3. He was buried at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York City, in Section #108 and Lot # 723.
During World War II, Cady again worked on military applications of piezoelectricity, including trainers for radar operators that used piezoelectric transducers in liquid tanks to generate realistic radar returns. He retired to Pasadena, California, in 1951, where he was a Research Associate at Caltech. He returned to Providence in 1963. After retirement he consulted for industry and the federal government.
The second major change in the standard of living came about as a result of the rapid expansion of productivity and commerce generated by the reform measures of the 1980s. After thirty years of austerity and marginal sufficiency, Chinese consumers suddenly were able to buy more than enough to eat from a growing variety of food items. Stylish clothing, modern furniture, and a wide array of electrical appliances also became part of the normal expectations of ordinary Chinese families.


Lawson made her D'Oyly Carte Opera Company debut as a guest singer in 1922 at the Prince's Theatre in London, playing Princess Ida in Princess Ida. She then joined the company as principal soprano. Lawson regularly appeared as Phyllis in "Iolanthe", Elsie Maynard in "The Yeomen of the Guard", Casilda in "The Gondoliers", Patience in "Patience", Josephine in "H.M.S. Pinafore" and Yum-Yum in "The Mikado".

Hypothyroidism can arise from a multitude of causes, and is commonly remedied with hormone treatments such as the commonly used Levothyroxine.

Ligase I has also been found to be upregulated in proliferating tumor cells, as opposed to benign tumor cell lines and normal human cells. Furthermore, it has been shown that inhibiting Ligase I expression in these cells can have a cytotoxic effect, suggesting that Ligase I inhibitors may be viable chemotherapeutic agents.
The biographical revue premiered in London in 1972, running for 405 performances. A revised version toured in the UK in 2011.


Numb acts as an antagonist for Notch by causing its selective endocytosis and degradation. Another mechanism proposed for how this is accomplished in "Drosophila" involves a protein called Sanpodo. Sanpodo is a protein that associates with both Notch and Numb. It is located at the plasma membrane and is necessary for Notch activation, promoting Notch cleavage and NICD signaling in the nucleus. Numb converts Sanpodo from an activator to an inhibitor of Notch signaling, magnifying the differences in Notch signaling between different daughter cells. In daughter cells containing Numb, Sanpodo allows Numb to inhibit Notch. In daughter cells with no Numb, Sanpodo potentiates Notch signaling. Sanpodo therefore allows cells to maintain Notch signaling at a below- or above-threshold level.
1998 Speedway Elite League
The attack on Red Fort is believed to have been orchestrated by Mohd. Arif, a Lashkar-e-Taiba militant. Arif was given the death penalty by a local court, and a Delhi high court confirmed his death sentence in 2007. Arrested alongside Arif was his wife, Rehmana Yousuf Forooqui. She was arrested four days after the raid and was found guilty of the following charges: murder, criminal conspiracy, and waging war against India. 
Their feet, you see, amidships, next the cuddy-hole abaft,<br>Drew in at once, and left their heads exposed to every shaft.<br>So Archi-mollusks dwindled, and the race was sinking fast,<br>When by the merest accident salvation came at last.
Schools eligible for School Improvement Grants included the lowest-performing Title I schools whose Adequate Yearly Progress status is School Improvement or Corrective Action, and Title I-eligible schools that are the lowest-achieving and have not made satisfactory progress on state assessments. Title I-eligible schools are those that have a high percentage of economically disadvantaged students.
KICS has also been awarded accreditation by the prestigious Council of International Schools (CIS). This was achieved only 5 years after the opening of the school and is a testament to the hard work of all the KICS administration, teachers and staff members. CIS accreditation does not only look at areas of teaching and learning but scrutinizes all areas of the school's operations. This includes health and safety, human resources, school governance, philosophy and the school's community. The award of CIS accreditation is an internationally recognized quality mark showing that KICS is a school that aspires to the highest possible standards.
His second album, "E=MC²", was distributed throughout Europe. The album features contributions from Michael Franti and Postmen.
<doc id="14185420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14185420" title="Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical Devices">
