James Bay(also named for Captain Prevost) is a part of Gulf Islands National Park Reserve(GINPR). There are 10 marine-accessible backcountry campsites available at James Bay. Facilities are limited to pit toilets; no campfires are permitted. The "Current Map and Hiking and Camping Information" brochure on the GINPR website provides updated camping fee information [http://www.pc.gc.ca/eng/pn-np/bc/gulf/visit/brochures.aspx. Boaters will find good anchorage at Shelby Cove, and paddlers can land at James Bay beach.
The village has a population of 290.

Sierakowo, Rawicz County
Week 1: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
Album.
Trentham was born in Chirbury, Shropshire and attended Chirbury St John's School. In his youth he played football for Knighton Town, Knighton Victoria and Knighton United. He joined Hereford United in April 1926 and remained with them until April 1929, when he signed for West Bromwich Albion for a £600 transfer fee. He made his Albion league debut in March 1930, in a Division Two match away at Blackpool. During the following season he helped the club to achieve promotion to the First Division and played in the 1931 FA Cup Final, in which Albion beat Birmingham 2–1. Trentham also appeared in the 1935 FA Cup Final, but this time earned only a runners-up medal as his team lost 4–2 to Sheffield Wednesday. After 272 appearances for West Bromwich Albion, he re-joined Hereford United on a free transfer in May 1937, remaining with the latter club until his move to Darlaston in August 1939. Following his retirement from football, Trentham ran an ironmonger's business in Ward End, Birmingham. He died in June 1979, aged 71.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
Georges Cravenne (24 January 1914 – 10 January 2009), real name Joseph-Raoul Cohen, was a French film producer, publicity agent and founder of the César Award. He received an Honorary César in 2000.
From 1869 until Thomas's death, The Fielding Johnson family lived at "Brookfield", a large Victorian house standing in its own miniature 'estate' and modelled on the seats of the local gentry. Situated in open countryside along the London Road and just beyond the town boundary, it was one of the first houses to be built in what later became the residential suburb of Stoneygate. The house and grounds were given to the new Diocese of Leicester by Thomas Fielding Johnson Junior in the 1920s and became the home of Bishop Bardsley, Leicester's first bishop since the ninth century. It was until recently the Charles Frears School of Nursing and Midwifery and part of the Leicester De Montfort University.
<doc id="21035314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21035314" title="2012 European Men's Handball Championship">
To the north of church, at the end of St. Mary's Road, The Waterloo public house is a tenanted free-house notable for the fact it is owned by the parish council. A modern Community Hall has been built nearby.

Between 2007 and 2011, Chase programmed and hosted several events at the [http://www.philoctetes.org] Philoctetes Center as part of its "Music and Imagination" series.

The music composed by K. V. Mahadevan and lyrics written by Vaali.
