
<doc id="23406546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23406546" title="To mislead parliament">
<doc id="23406929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23406929" title="Y0">

Léonce Alloy, born in Paris in 1875, died 1949, was a French medallic sculptor and engraver.
The DC Comics character Lobo, an invulnerable, intergalactic bounty hunter uses the term "bastich" or "bastiches" as a combination of bastard and bitch. i.e. "Take that you lousy bastiches!"
Jahial Parmly Paret
The band's origin dates back to the mid-19th century when some of the pupils requested that instruments be purchased to enliven their marching drill. The Treasurer of Christ's Hospital agreed and, with money from his own pocket, purchased a few instruments and paid the salary of the first Band Master. Over the years, the Band has grown from a small static group to a dynamic and highly trained group of musicians. At some point in the history of the band, the march 'Sussex by the Sea' was adopted as the celebratory march and is played as a finale at special occasions usually as the band marches off.
Calvin de Haan
95. Govt. Primary School Lal Mohammad Khaskheli
The Balitmore Jewish Times states that the "non-binding resolution is intended to protest Israel’s recent military action in Gaza."
The tour was finished on June 28, 2008 with the band's last appearance for 2008 at the Festival of Lights in Charlottetown, PE, Canada. The tour featured a total of 12 legs: 4 North American legs (with some Canadian dates), 5 European legs, 2 short exclusively Canadian legs, and 1 short Australian leg.
Gelbison (disambiguation)
Note:

Lord Elphinstone established the "Central Museum of Natural History, Economy, Geology, Industry and Arts", the first museum in Bombay in 1855; George Buist took the major initiative for its inception. In 1857, it was closed to the public and its collection was shifted to the Town Hall. In 1858, George Birdwood was appointed curator of the museum. Soon, a committee was formed, comprising him, Bhau Daji Lad and Jagannath Shankerseth to raise money for construction of a new building for the museum. The foundation of the new building was laid in 1862. It was built with the patronage of many wealthy Indian businessmen and philanthropists like David Sassoon, Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy and Jaganath Shunkerseth.
Johnson, while the U.S. District Attorney for the Southern District of New York, was claiming extra compensation as for special services in a suit to condemn lands for a mortar battery upon direction of the Attorney General at the request of the Secretary of War. He had presented two bills totaling $6,500, which the Attorney General approved and allowed, by which the Accounting Officers of the Government refused to pay.
Mike Basso
Petko is a Bulgarian given name and may refer to:
The initial team was:
The BSG can trace its beginnings back to a meeting in Sheffield in 1958 where British geomorphologists gathered together to organise a Landform Survey of Britain. By 1959 this group appears to have been referring to itself as the British Universities Geomorphological Research Group. This short-lived group agreed, at its second annual meeting, to disband itself and voted unanimously (all 19 of them) to constitute the British Geomorphological Research Group (BGRG). The first BGRG AGM was held on 1 October 1960.
