Other weaponry.
China’s Ministry of National Defense released a video with the song on July 27, as a part of their recruitment campaign for the Army. The video features footage of soldiers dancing the square dance in the original music video, plus some scenes from the Army's training sessions and some words of encouragement.
He ran for the Parliament of Pakistan in General elections of 2008 and 2013 from Constituency NA-57 on PML-N ticket, winning both times. He remained Member National Assembly of Pakistan from 1990 to 1997. On 7 June 2013, he was Sworn in as Ministry of State for Parliamentary Affairs in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. 

In 1995, she produced, wrote and directed her first feature film, , a mixture of documentary and fictional recreation from the singer Carmem Miranda`s life (awarded at the Chicago International Film Festival). Her latest work and first fiction feature film is Diary of a Provincial Girl, based on the book by Alice Dayrell Caldeira Brant, awarded with six prizes at the Gramado Film Festival 2004: Best Film, Screenplay, Photography, Soundtrack, Art Direction and Best Film by the audience.
The Dorchester South Burying Ground is a historic graveyard on Dorchester Avenue in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. Established in 1814, it is the second oldest cemetery in Dorchester, after the North Burying Ground. It is a roughly parcel on the west side of Dorchester Avenue, north of Dorchester Lower Mills. A paved roadway provides circulation around the perimeter of the property. There is some evidence that the cemetery was formally terraced, due to the sloping terrain, but there is no evidence of curbing that might have been used for this purpose. One of the cemetery's most prominent features is a line of granite tombs along the southern boundary.
Current Rooster.
<doc id="43246395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43246395" title="Optical attached cable">


Denis Osipau (born in Gomel) is a Belarusian freestyle skier, specializing in aerials.
