In February 2012, the German weekly publication Der Spiegel reported in its cover story that Eisenberg spoke of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in his final interview, seven months before his death, that ADHD was the prime example of a "fabricated disease". Eisenberg remarked that instead of prescribing a 'pill', psychiatrists should determine whether there are psychosocial reasons that could lead to behavioral problems. It should be noted that Jörg Blech the author of the Der Spiegel article is critical of the healthcare industry, and authored a book in 2006 entitled ""Inventing disease and pushing pills: pharmaceutical companies and the medicalisation of normal life"".
1941.
Ada Evening News
In April 1951, with the 116th Fighter Squadron at Geiger AFB, Washington slated to switch to F-86As, the 113th FIG sent fifteen pilots to Geiger to obtain their F-84Cs for use by the 148th FIS. These aircraft were considered to be "so poor" that they were all flown to the 113th Maintenance Squadron, then at Dover AFB, Delaware for total refurbishment before they would be accepted by the 148th FIS. 
Leo gave birth to her and Jimmy's only child, Anthony Hamilton Doggart, in 1940, and moved to a cottage near Marlborough, safely tucked away from German bombs. Or so she thought. On her way to visit Jimmy in Blackpool, she was caught in an unexpected air raid in Cheltenham. The bomb just missed her railway carriage. Fire raged around her. She calmly picked up her bags and headed straight for the house of Drummond Currie, Jimmy’s dissecting partner from his Cambridge days. She helped Mrs Currie make tea and successfully completed her journey to Blackpool the following day.
Nouveau Riche once had plans to construct a campus facility on a site overlooking the Phoenix, Arizona valley. The campus was estimated to have a cost of $74 million and was planned to have administrative buildings, glass-and-steel classrooms and luxury dorms linked by a man-made river. The design of the complex was headed by Larson Associates Architects, Inc.
Walk Through Darkness

On 2 April 2009, the director of AVIC (Aviation Industry Corporation of China) Lin Zuoming (林左鸣), stated that there were problems with the quality control procedures on the WS-10A production line, meaning the Taihang turbofan was still of unsatisfactory quality. He said that solving these problems would be a key step. In addition to poor build quality, the engines suffered from poor reliability, the Chinese engines have been lasting 30 hours at a time vs 400 for the Russian originals. Despite AVIC's issues with quality control, mass production of the WS-10 series engines would contribute significantly in improving Chinese industrial capabilities.
Giuliani and then-president Bill Clinton exchanged correspondence in 1994 regarding Giuliani's support for the assault weapons ban. Clinton wrote to Giuliani in a May 6, 1994 letter: "Thank you very much for your efforts on behalf of H.R. 4296, the assault weapons ban." Clinton continued:
<doc id="9586020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9586020" title="Santa Clara Valley Water District">
Visions of Excellence.
<doc id="9586967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9586967" title="White anting">
"Sad Songs (Say So Much)" is a song by Elton John and is the closing track on the 1984 album "Breaking Hearts". It reached the No 5 on the U.S. chart. The lyrics describe how it sometimes helps for someone who is feeling sad, or who has lost a partner, to listen to old radio blues classics. In the years since its issue, radio airplay has been modest compared with some of John's other 1980s singles.
