Interim trustee is a term of art in section 701 of the Bankruptcy Code, Title 11 of the United States Code. 

In 2003, Brancaccio left "Marketplace" to join Bill Moyers on "Now". Brancaccio was co-host for over a year prior to Moyers' retirement at the end of 2004. On his last "Now" broadcast, Moyers had this to say about Brancaccio:
Several rowing clubs practice and race on the lake, including Rio Salado Rowing Club, Arizona State University's Rowing Club, Tempe Town Lake Rowing, Tempe Junior Crew as well as many private owners. All boat owners must have a license as well.
After five years of standup comedy, she was cast to star in her own Fox Network comedy series, "My Wildest Dreams", followed by an ABC sitcom, "Life's Work", which she both created and starred in. Walter also co-starred in the Bravo series "Breaking News" and in the NBC sitcom "Emeril".

The Odin Cinema.
Reagan was criticized for this statement by opponents of the visit. Equating Nazi soldiers with Holocaust victims, responded Rabbi Alexander M. Schindler, president of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations, was "a callous offense for the Jewish people." Some critics claimed that Communications Director Pat Buchanan wrote the statement, which he denies. Kohl confirmed an earlier press comment that in the last days of the war he was able to avoid service in the SS because he was only 15, ""but they hanged a boy from a tree who was perhaps only two years older with a sign saying "traitor" because he had tried to run away rather than serve.""

Penn signed to exclusively fight for the Japanese Fighting and Entertainment Group's (FEG) "K-1" promotion citing a lack of challenging fights left for him in the UFC. The UFC promptly stripped him of the welterweight title, claiming Penn breached his contract and that the signing constituted him refusing to defend his title. Penn filed a suit against the UFC and publicized his side of the conflict, claiming his UFC contract had already expired. Penn filed a motion to stop the UFC from awarding a new welterweight title, but that motion was denied.
Admissions.

