In all, he appeared in 153 career regular-season games between 1983 and 1991 playing both defensive back and punt returner, was a four-time West Division all-star, a League All-Star in 1983, a 77th Grey Cup champion, and was selected for the Tom Pate Memorial Award in 1990.

Tasiujaq
"Entomocorus" species are all found in lowland cis-Andean South America.
Miguel Angel Face is advised that if he really loves her then Camila can be spared "by means of the sacrament of marriage" and the two of them are soon married. Camila is healing and struggling with the complexities of her new marriage. General Canales dies suddenly in the midst of plans to lead a revolution when he is falsely informed that the President has attended his daughter's wedding.
1985–86 - Hamilton Academical
TV spin offs include "WHO?MAG Video Vision" and the dance music TV show "DMTV".
Charles "Charlie" Smith is the former Chairman of the College Republican National Committee. He was born in Iowa, where he attended Dowling Catholic High School. Charlie studied Real Estate and Finance at the University of Denver. While there, he became leader of the university's chapter of the College Republicans. He was eventually elected to two terms as Colorado's State College Republican Chair and was awarded "Best State Chairman" in 2005. 
<doc id="15239413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15239413" title="Margaret Boxall">

In March 2011, one of the sub contractors of Bouygues fell under criticism for the dumping of tunnel fill on sensitive wetlands on Virginia Key. They were supposed to be dumping the fill on Virginia Key on the degraded northwest side, but were found dumping it 80 to 100 yards (73.1 to 94.5 m) from the designated spot, where they damaged wetlands and killed about 40 mangrove trees with a piece of equipment that got stuck. The intention was that they would be allowed to put 55,000 cubic yards (42,050.5 m3) of fill there provided that they use it to build a berm to block the view of Virginia Key's sewage water treatment plant. The fill that was dumped on Virginia Key was mainly rock and soil from road construction and site preparation on Watson Island and not from tunnel boring, which environmentalists object being put on Virginia Key as it may not be as clean. The north point of Virginia Key, one of the last remaining undeveloped areas near the Miami downtown area, and has been recently restored as it was previously used as a dumping site for the infill from the Rickenbacker Causeway, Miami Marine Stadium, and Norris Cut. One other potential infill site that was briefly suggested is an inlet located between Bicentennial Park and the American Airlines Arena on the mainland in downtown, where Miami-Dade County was conducting a study on the effects it would have. This proposal was quickly retracted after public outcry due to the fact that the currently closed off waterfront lot, known as "Parcel B," is slated to soon be a long anticipated public park. There has also been minor controversy over speculation that a yacht allegedly owned by Bouygues may have been bought with public money. A Bouygues spokesperson denied this claim. The owner of the seaplane base on Watson Island has accused the tunnel builders of trespassing for storing equipment on his property as well as for using the road that passes through his property. FDOT and city officials say the use of the land is permitted.
The Mânăstirea River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
This is a second generation, semiautomatic, antitank, tube launched, optically tracked, wire guided and aero-dynamically controlled missile.It is designed to destroy moving and stationary armored targets with Explosives Reactive Armours at a range of 75 to 4000 meters.
After the news of the Portuguese-Sunda alliance in 1522 became known, Gunungjati nevertheless asked Demak sultanate to send troops to Banten. It was likely his son, Hasanudin, who commanded this military operation in 1527, just as the Portuguese fleet was arriving of the coast at Sunda Kelapa, to capture these towns.

The first MISLS students came from the army, but later students were also recruited from Japanese internment camps. MIS members attached to the joint Australian/American Allied Translator and Interpreter Section were instrumental in deciphering and translating the Z plan, an important captured document that described Japanese plans for a counterattack in the central pacific.
<doc id="15244790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15244790" title="Horse Called War">
Steve Chainel (born 6 September 1983 in Remiremont) is a French professional racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam . Chainel has previously competed for the , and teams.
<doc id="15245809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15245809" title="AOAH">
Subsequent to his win in Los Angeles, Willoughby was a crew member of the Australian yacht "Kookaburra III", which attempted to defend the America's Cup in 1987, but was defeated by the American yacht "Stars & Stripes". He remained in Perth following the America's Cup, and became president of the WA Olympic Council and of the Olympians Club of WA, representing Western Australia to the Australian Olympic Committee.
