The Wurtz reaction, named after Charles-Adolphe Wurtz, is a coupling reaction in organic chemistry, organometallic chemistry and recently inorganic main group polymers, whereby two alkyl halides are reacted with sodium to form a new alkane:
Interface design.
Synopsis.
On 27 March 2007, Transport Minister Nicol Stephen formally initiated preparatory works. Vegetation clearance took place for construction to begin in 2009 with the first trains due to run in 2011. In August 2008, the opening was delayed. Tendering was scheduled to start in 2009 and continue until 2010, groundwork would begin in early 2011 and trains would be running by early 2013. In November 2009, it was announced that the reopening would be delayed for another year. On 3 March 2010, Transport Minister Stewart Stevenson turned the project's first sod in Galashiels. This and the beginning of ancillary works marked the official start of restoration, activated the Waverley Rail Act that allows the scheme to be built, and formally ­triggered a clause in the Act committing the Scottish Government to complete the scheme within five years.
Barrow-in-Furness railway station is a railway station that serves the town of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria, England. It is the northern terminus of the Furness Line to and it's the southern terminus of the Cumbrian Coast Line that goes to and . It is operated by First TransPennine Express although Northern Rail also operate services from the station.
HashKeeper is a tool of interest to Computer Forensics examiners and is available free-of-charge to law enforcement, military, and other government agencies throughout the world. It is available to the public by sending a Freedom of Information Act request to NDIC. It was created by James Keiji Tamura.
In the United States, the obligation is in Article 2, Section 315 of the Uniform Commercial Code. The warranty of fitness applies to all sellers, unlike warranty of merchantability which applies only to professional merchants. In the United States, this warranty is sometimes referred to simply as a warranty of fitness.
Recreation.

Neurofibroma conditions are progressive and include:
Sénac witnessed the beginnings of the French Revolution in Paris, but emigrated in 1790, making his way first to London, and then, in 1791, to Aachen, where he met Pierre Alexandre de Tilly, who asserts in his "Memoirs" that Sénac attributed the misfortunes of Louis XVI to the refusal of his own services. In 1793, while his recollections of the Revolution were still fresh, he wrote a novel, "L'Émigré" (Hamburg, 4 vols., 1797), which shows perspicacity and good judgment in its treatment of events. It was reprinted in 1904 in an abridged form by Casimir Stryienski and Frantz Funck-Brentano.
Company () is a 2002 Indian crime-thriller film written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma and screenplay by Jaideep Sahni, starring Mohanlal, Ajay Devgan, Manisha Koirala, Vivek Oberoi, and Antara Mali. It is a fictional exposé of the Mumbai underworld, loosely based on the Indian mafia organization D-Company, known to be run by Dawood Ibrahim. The film received positive reviews from critics as well as audience and won six out of the eleven awards it was nominated for at the Filmfare Awards. The film was a blockbuster and got critical acclaim at the 2004 Austin Film Festival and New York Asian Film Festival 
He played for 15 professional years with Real Madrid, appearing in more than 500 official games with the team and helping it to 19 major titles, including nine La Liga championships. Subsequently he embarked in a lengthy manager career, which included two very brief spells with his main club. 

In 2005 Character Options was granted the master toy licence to produce merchandise related to the revived series, Doctor Who. After the success of the Dalek Battle Packs (two remote controlled Daleks with either a Ninth Doctor or Rose Tyler action figure) at the end of 2005, increasingly larger waves of action figures were released in two scales - 5" and 12" - during 2006 and 2007. Representing the first three televised seasons of the revived series, the line has included variants of the Tenth Doctor and Rose, and an extensive representation of the alien enemies encountered since 2005 such as Slitheen, Autons, Clockwork Robots, Scarecrows, Weeping Angels and many many more. Retailers and fans were united in praise for the productions and the action figure range won the Toy Retailers Association's Boys Toy of the Year Award in 2006. Other merchandise released consists of an electronic UV Sonic Screwdriver, electronic TARDIS moneybox and various electronic masks in the forms of Daleks, Cybermen, Judoon helmets and the Dalek Sec Hybrid. Even more figures were produced when Series 4 of the revived series hit our screens. A Collect and Build Vespiform wave was introduced in which customers would have to buy 12 separate figures to collect each part of the Vespiform to complete it. These figures included Sontarans, Vashta Nerada, Ood and the 1st variation of River song which has become one of the rarest figures in the line yet. Character Options also created Box sets of figures that contained 4 figures in each, such as the "Stolen Earth" set, "The Sontaran Stratagem" set and the "Daleks in Manhattan" Set plus many more. With the new series that introduced Matt Smith as the new Doctor, many figures of the 11th Doctor and his companion Amy Pond have been made. These include Many new monsters and Aliens from the Silence to Peg dolls. Another Collect & Build wave was made in which customers would have to buy six separate figures to collect each piece of the Pandorica Cube. Each piece contained a CD that told a classic Doctor Who story. Underground Toys have taken an interest in the current series and teamed up with Character options to produced sets featuring the 11th Doctor's era such as the Victory of the Daleks set, which contained the first Historical action figure, Winston Churchill with a 'Tea Time' Ironside Dalek. After a huge demand for a Rory figure, Character Options released two variations of him. One being a general release, and another being a BBC shop online exclusive. A 3rd Variation is believed to be on its way. In mid-2012, a wave of Talking Daleks was released. These included Daleks from the classic series and new series with speech from its certain era.
Legend is a 1984 soundtrack album for the ITV television series "Robin of Sherwood", by the Irish folk group Clannad. It is their eighth album. In 1985, this album won the BAFTA award for Best Original Television Music, making Clannad the first Irish band to win the award.
Landbund
Mobile platforms.
SIRC is made up of five members appointed by the federal government. The committee meets monthly with its day-to-day operations being handled by an executive director.
2009: "Yankee Come Back" opens the City of Amsterdam's 400 Year celebration of the Dutch settlement of New York. In the autumn, to coincide with New York's celebration the group performs "Holland Globetrotters" at the New Island Festival, a coproduction of "de Parade", "Oerol" and the Netherlands Theater Institute.

<doc id="1714126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1714126" title="Dodge C Series">
The game has no other aim but to cause as much damage to the ragdoll physics man as possible. The figure can interact with ramps, a truck and a wall.
In 1951 he founded the seminal International Design Conference in Aspen (IDCA) to provide a forum for discussion on design, “where the human spirit can flourish”. The primary IDCA objective was to connect culture with commerce by inviting both international business and industry leaders together with representatives from various commercial design fields such as industrial design, graphic design and architecture, as well as those in the fine arts and fields such as psychology, filmmaking and literature. The annual conference format included keynote speakers, workshops, panel discussions and informal, social gatherings. These activities naturally integrated those from commerce and culture into settings that stimulated dialogue, debate and insights. The existence of IDCA established a key collaborative forum on the topic on managing design within corporations for the benefit of society, as well as adding value to business. IDCA was held every June in Aspen from 1951 to 2004.
Designation.
This site yields some of the earliest evidence anywhere for the Roman use of water-powered trip hammers to crush ore (Burnham 1997). The ore was probably crushed on the famous Carreg Pumsaint, a block of stone erected many years ago before the Romans had left the site. There are parallels with similar stones at other ancient Roman mines in Europe, and the hollows in the block were formed by a trip hammer probably worked by a water wheel or a "water lever". Such a water-powered hammer would have been moved regularly as each hollow became too deep, so producing the series of overlapping oval hollows in its surfaces. The hammer head must have been of substantial size judging by the width of the hollows shown in the drawing. The stone is the only example so far discovered at the site, but is not unique, and Burnham refers to others of similar shape from Spain. As one side of the stone became worn, it was simply turned to reveal another side, so the block could be re-used several times. When found years after the Romans had left, in the Dark Ages, it gave rise to the legend of the five saints, who left the impression of their heads in the stone after being found asleep by the devil.
After the war, last years of life.
In 1970, Jennings and Colter sang duet on two top 40 country chart hits that also helped Colter gain a recording contract with RCA Records the same year. She released her debut album, "A Country Star is Born", on RCA, with Jennings and Chet Atkins co-producing 
Quote.
Mark Belling (born July 4, 1956, in Kaukauna, Wisconsin) is a conservative radio talk show host for 1130 WISN in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is also a local newspaper columnist, former television host, and occasional guest host for Rush Limbaugh. A native of Wisconsin's Fox Valley, Belling is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse.
Women's 100m Backstroke
In 1992, she appeared in a political broadcast for the Labour Party. 
Men's Lightweight (– 60 kg)
Charles Martin Loeffler (1861–1935) set a modern Italian translation of the original Umbrian dialect text for soloists and chamber orchestra ca. 1929 which was performed in the same 1945 Carnegie Hall concert as Sowerby's setting.
He had other powers:
The initial reaction (1) consumes sodium hydroxide and produces both hydrogen gas and an aluminate byproduct. Upon reaching its saturation limit, the aluminate compound decomposes (2) into sodium hydroxide and a crystalline precipitate of aluminum hydroxide. This process is similar to the reactions inside an aluminium battery.
When Liddell started his mixed martial arts career, he began to train in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under John Lewis in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Following on from this, in August 2008, Dowling was a contestant in the Irish reality television show, "Fáilte Towers", where he and 12 other celebrities had to take on the roles of hotel staff. He came second to John Creedon. He then went on to become a contestant on TV3's Celebrity Salon, in which he and several other Irish celebrities (Pippa O'Connor, Leigh Arnold, Virginia Macari, Celia Holman Lee and Breffny Morgan) learn the tools of the beauty trade. "Celebrity Salon" began airing on Monday 7 June 2010. Tasks included giving facials, waxing, performing cosmetic surgery, hairdressing and styling.
Ø, Denmark
Original English-language manga
Richard Beard describes the book as "full of vigorous action", saying, "the ripping pace of the book becomes part of what it's about."
The first volume, "The Coming of the Third Reich " (published by Penguin in 2003), shows how a country torn apart by the First World War, the terms of the Treaty of Versailles, hyperinflation and the Great Depression moved towards an increasingly authoritarian solution. The book explains in detail Adolf Hitler's appointment as Chancellor in January 1933 and how the Nazis transformed Germany into a one party dictatorship. The first volume featured highly favorable words of praise from Evans's friend, Ian Kershaw on its cover.
"Lisa the Skeptic" was written by David X. Cohen, and directed by Neil Affleck. Cohen was inspired to write the episode after a trip to Manhattan's American Museum of Natural History, where he decided to turn the visit into a "business trip", and think of a possible episode connection to the museum. He initially wanted Lisa to find a "missing link" skeleton, and do an episode reminiscent of the Scopes Monkey Trial. Writer George Meyer convinced him instead to have the focus be on an angel skeleton, while keeping an emphasis on the conflict between religion and science. Both Cohen and Meyer acknowledged how silly the "angel skeleton" idea was owing to simple questions raised such as why an angel died and why bones were left behind, but they went forward with the idea anyway.
On February 7, 1911, King married Delia Drew, also from Tomah. They were both 28 years old and moved into a series of apartments on the South Side of Chicago. Delia gave birth to a stillborn daughter in 1912, and in 1916, a son, Robert Drew King, was born. It was at this time that the family moved to 533 Madison in Glencoe, a somewhat affluent suburb on Lake Michigan north of Chicago. In 1916, King's salary from the Tribune was $5000. By 1925, this had grown to $22,500, a princely sum that was augmented by royalties from "Gasoline Alley" books and toys.
<doc id="1716563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1716563" title="Cross Street Market">
Part again represented Canada in the 2013 PDC World Cup of Darts, this time with Jeff Smith. With a win over Sweden and a loss over Scotland, they progressed to the second round in which they were beaten 5–2 by Mark Webster and Richie Burnett. However, bigger success came soon, as Part won the first European Tour event of 2013, the UK Masters. Wins over Kim Huybrechts, Gary Anderson, Mensur Suljović, Simon Whitlock and Adrian Lewis saw Part progress to the final where opponent Stuart Kellett was waiting. With a 6–4 win Part claimed his first PDC ranking title since 2011.
Long-term management should eliminate hypoglycemic symptoms and maintain normal growth. Treatment should achieve normal glucose, lactic acid, and electrolyte levels, and only mild elevations of uric acid and triglycerides.
Kevin Neil Hearn (born July 3, 1969) is a Canadian musician who is currently the keyboardist of Barenaked Ladies and his own group, Kevin Hearn and Thin Buckle. He is also a former member of Rheostatics.
Ergenekon links.

During Morning Time, breakfast is served starting at 6:30 am. Both western-style and Japanese-style food is served.

On January 5, 1776, the founding fathers of the State created New Hampshire's first constitution, which eliminated the position of governor, but kept the concept of a Council due to its former status as a check on the power of authoritarian rule, a recurring theme during the Revolution and afterwards with the creation of the Articles of Confederation, an ethos that made the founding fathers change selection of councilors from appointed to elected positions

Promotion.
Gloucestershire v Worcestershire (26 June).
Centuries before Elric's birth, Melniboné ruled its world through sorcerous might and sheer power. However, by the time of Elric's birth, it has slipped from its preeminent place, being one of many nations. Its people, the Melnibonéans, are not wholly human, resembling instead the elves of legend — skilled with magic and beautiful, though psychologically similar to cats, with a callous nature. They are bound by many ancient customs.
The Yamanote Line was also D-ATC enabled in April 2005, following the replacement of all old 205 series rolling stock to the new, D-ATC enabled E231 series trains.
The Procession of the Holy Blood () is a large religious procession, dating back to the Middle Ages, which takes place each Ascension Day in Bruges, Belgium.
The Lorenz condition is named after Ludvig Lorenz. It is a Lorentz invariant condition, and is frequently called the "Lorentz condition" because of confusion with Hendrik Lorentz, after whom Lorentz covariance is named.
Israel's Lebanon War, and especially after the outbreak of the First Intifada. Hussar refrained from making any public stand, though he did write in his 1988 book, "When the cloud lifted", that the Intifada was:“a natural consequence of growing pressure on the ‘territories’, due to the Occupation and Jewish settlements – and it has given rise to inevitable and harsh military repression.”
Beaten zone is a concept in indirect infantry small arms fire, specifically machine guns. It describes the area between the "first catch" and the "last graze" of a bullet's trajectory. At the first of these points, a bullet will hit a standing man in the head, at the last of these points, as the bullet drops, it will hit a standing man in the feet. Anyone standing within the beaten zone will be hit somewhere from head to foot.

The summit can be reached using the Kaprun Gletscherbahnen (Glacier Railways), from the valley station at . For a long time, this was the highest cable car pylon in the world, being tall with a diameter of . There is a viewing platform on the roof of the station, at above sea level. 
The accident which happened in 2005 shows just how destructive mines can still be. The dormant mine lying on the sea bed for several decades turned deadly when caught in a net and hoisted aboard. Three Dutch fishermen were killed in the accident and many others injured.
Two versions of the video were made—the original and the Hex Hector Remix Version—directed by Francis Lawrence. In the original, the video begins with the sun setting, while Lopez and her friends are preparing for a New Year's Eve party. Intercut are scenes of Lopez in the jungle, dancing with green lasers flashing behind her and with sparkling crystals covering her body. The females are on a canoe over a river, travelling to a party which is being held in the middle of a jungle area. After the end of the Bridge of the song, the music cuts off, and the party is waiting for the clock to count down to the year 2000. There is a 6-second power outage (referring to the then-Y2K problem), until the power is back on, and the beginning of the new year is celebrated with the party dancing. There is inter-cut scenes of Lopez dancing on top of the crowd and playing in the water wearing a black bikini. In the Hex Hector Remix version, the video intercuts new scenes of Lopez dancing in a jungle with green lasers flashing behind her with the original footage. The video also incorporates a green laser strobe effect.
"Qualification: 15 wickets"
Kent (4pts) beat Somerset (0pts) by 74 runs
History.
Therefore, in the summer of 1917, Lieutenant G.R. Rackham was ordered to design an armoured vehicle specifically for troop transport. The early design process was complicated by a demand that the vehicle could also be fitted with sponsons, converting it into a more modern tank than the Mark V, in case the Mark VIII tank design proved a failure. This is why the type was still designated as a tank, a "Mark IX" succeeding the Mark VIII. That requirement was soon dropped, and in September 1917 Armstrong, Whitworth & Co. in Newcastle-upon-Tyne began constructing two prototypes of a pure transport vehicle, which could also serve as a supply tank. The prototypes were approved the following year. At the time it had become clear that a possible alternative, the stretched Mark V* tank, was not really suited for infantry transport. Therefore two hundred vehicles were ordered of the Mark IX, to be built by the tractor manufacturer Marshall, Sons & Co. of Gainsborough, Lincolnshire. 
The viral hemorrhagic (or haemorrhagic) fevers (VHFs) are a diverse group of animal and human illnesses that may be caused by five distinct families of RNA viruses: the families "Arenaviridae", "Filoviridae", "Bunyaviridae", "Flaviviridae", and "Rhabdoviridae". All types of VHF are characterized by fever and bleeding disorders and all can progress to high fever, shock and death in many cases. Some of the VHF agents cause relatively mild illnesses, such as the Scandinavian "nephropathia epidemica" (a Hantavirus), while others, such as Ebola virus, can cause severe, life-threatening disease.

Svenson is not the most brilliant, but can be fairly practical in his deductions. Once a new photocopier turned out to be a dud, and Svenson observes to Weatherbee that, after making x number of other copiers (one less than the model number), the manufacturer ought to know. On another occasion, he reported to Weatherbee that the school had exhausted its supply of paper, notepads, pens, pencils and other items; Weatherbee told him to simply make out a requisition; Svenson replied, "Vit vot?"
<doc id="1719737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1719737" title="Pop Gates">
<doc id="1719918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1719918" title="Chinese terms for God">
