"Natoksamagra" (Collection of Drama), Kabitirtha Prakashani, Kolkata, 1998.


<doc id="2809083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2809083" title="Pinaglabanan Shrine">
David N. Weiss
General de Gaulle lived for eighty years.
Function.
Annadurai
While Basheer wandered from place to place, Abdul Khadar got himself a job and looked after the family. First he worked as a school master, then quit the job and took various other employments. At the time when he became a schoolmaster, Basheer was serving three months prison term in Kannur prison after getting arrested at Kozhikode on his way to participate in Salt Satyagraham (1930). In 1936-37, he was residing at Ernakulam, writing for various magazines essentially for free. That was the time when he lived in near poverty, struggling to get to eat one square meal a day, having to borrow from everyone even to manage a cup of tea. He wrote prolifically, for newspapers and periodicals, but he got paid next to nothing for his efforts. This was the period which forms the backdrop in which works like "Janmadinam" were set.
The major localities in Malad are Evershine Nagar, Chincholi Bunder Road, Mind Space complex, Marve Road (INS Hamla - Navy catering training establishment), Liberty Garden, Navy Nagar, Orlem, Jankalyan Nagar, Malwani Village, Kharodi Village and so on. Sunder Nagar is on border of Malad and Goregaon. Some of the major localities in Malad (West) are Chincholi Village, Orlem (originally called Valnai in Marathi), Evershine Nagar and Jankalyan Nagar. Chincholi Bunder Road or Chincholi Village is the oldest natives of Malad since 1845 and has historically housed the fisherman (Koli community).
The Museum of Records is one of the few institutions of its kind on the Continent, and the only one in Central Europe. It is housed in an historical gatehouse, which in the past served as part of the fortifications of the town, and was called Jihlavská brána (The Lower Gatehouse or Jihlava Gatehouse).
<doc id="2810029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2810029" title="Frýdek-Místek">
Calvary Chapel Music Channel.
Mount Tuve () is a mountain (935 m) whose summit rises above the ice surface just south of the base of Wirth Peninsula, Ellsworth Land. It was discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48, under Finn Ronne. He named it for Merle Antony Tuve, Director of the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism of the Carnegie Institution, Washington, DC, who furnished instruments for the expedition.
