<doc id="23655920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23655920" title="Negrobovia">

The Campaign for Wisconsin Libraries (CFWL) is the state level public relations (PR) and advertising campaign that seeks to promote a wider understanding of the value and importance of Wisconsin libraries. This ongoing, multi-media publicity campaign was initiated in 2006 by the Wisconsin Library Association Foundation (WLAF). 
Mike Pougounas and George Kagialedakis conceptualized “"Back In Black: History Is Made By The Bands, Vol.1"”, a documentary film produced by Rag Films about the Greek rock scene, Greek rock bands, and the survival of both within a seemingly under-appreciative industry. The documentary is currently touring the international film festival circuit, with a possible theatrical release scheduled for late 2009. Mike Pougounas was responsible for the interviews in “Back in Black” as well as the male vocals for the Rag songs “My Life” and “Rock’n’Roll Puppet” while playing the keyboards on the song “From Hell”, which appears on the soundtrack of the documentary.

External links.
Ray, Wei Fuk Wing Orlando Acosta (Alex Fong) and his best childhood friends, Chan Bing Gei (Chin Ka Lok), and Lo Ga Fai (Ram Tseung) go through different kinds of relationships in this drama. Ray works at an advertising company called AW. He was then informed that a new colleague, Kelly Kwan Tze Kei (Charmaine Sheh) will join AW, so he took her as his enemy. Ray never met her before, so when he meets her in a convenience store she has just broken up with her boyfriend and was very emotional. Ray calmed her down and since then they always met each other there coincidentally. One day when YP, AW's owner, is hiring new people to help Kelly, Kelly shows up. Ray thought she needed a job there when he saw her, but then he realized that she was Kelly Kwan when they bumped into YP. They fought a lot at work because of disagreements. One day when Kelly was unhappy and got drunk, Ray wanted to carry her home, but he didn't know where she lives so he brought her to a hotel and rented a room. One of their colleagues saw it and spread the rumor around AW. They tried avoiding bumping into each other afterwards, but then they were assigned a job together by YP. The client drank a lot and they didn't know what to do with him, so they brought him to rent a hotel room. The client accidentally barked on Ray, so Ray had to take off his shirt and wash it in the bathroom. Suddenly, there was a fire in the hotel and they ran out carrying out the client, but then after handing over their client to the ambulance they were trying to escape and got their picture taken that eventually ended up on the front page of the magazine. After all these misunderstandings, they eventually fell in love with each other and went out. Meanwhile, playboy Chan Bing Gei, who opens a tutor center, plays around with girls he meets at bars until he one day heard that his wife that left him 20 years ago had suddenly came back. He started to look everywhere for him, but then one day a strange girl, Tung Tung (Casper Chan) pops up at his school and tells him that she's his daughter. Gei was shocked by this news, but still took her in as his daughter, but Tung doesn't mind his numerous amounts of girlfriends. Tung planned out a scheme of pretending to be her mother, Yuen Siu Mei (Shirley Yeung), by emailing Gei telling him to forget her and move on to another serious relationship. At the same time, Yeung Ling (Claire Yiu), Siu Mei's cousin, falls in love with Gei and Gei eventually fell in love her. So they tried to be together, but turns out it couldn't work out because Gei still misses his wife that he doesn't know is dead yet. So Ling got mad and flew off to US for further studies. Lo Ga Fai, an actor with small roles and big dreams, comes from a rich family and is gay. No one knows he is the son of a rich guy, so he is alway looked down on. One day, his boyfriend dumped him after a longtime relationship, and then he met a famous movie star, Mok Hui Nam (Anne Heung), that is always pushy and never cherishes anything, especially love and concern for people, except for herself. After Nam and Fai met they didn't like each other at first and always fought with each other, but after some time Nam finds out he's gay and eventually fell in love with him because of his reasonable lectures and statements about cherishing what's in front of you. Nam became pregnant with Fai's brother from a past relationship. Fai fell in love with her too,and wanted to help her raise the baby, until he discover that he has brain cancer. He doesn't want to be a burden to them, so he rejects his love for her. The ending to this movie, is surprising and an ending no one would ever expect.
As a follower of Mahatma Gandhi, Chorghade participated in India's struggle for freedom from the British Raj. 
