Little is known about Dwight's parents, except that his father used to take him hunting, cheated in games, and that he battled obesity, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol. In the Season Two DVD bloopers, it is revealed that, when Dwight was a child, his father would take him and his brothers to a swimming hole on hot summer days until 10:00 AM, then they would work in the beet fields until well after midnight. In "Costume Contest", when Dwight sees that Pam has dressed up as Olive Oyl for Halloween, he erroneously believes that she dressed up as his mother, and tells Pam that she is "only one third as beautiful and only half her height". In "Fun Run", Dwight offers to bury Angela Martin's deceased cat, Sprinkles, "At the east field, by Mother", implying that his mother is, too, deceased. However, in "The Lover", after learning that Michael has been dating Pam's mother, Helene, Dwight informs Michael that if he knew that he was "into dating mothers", he would have introduced Michael to his own. While this appears to be a continuity error, it is possible that the woman Dwight is referring to could be his stepmother. It is also plausible that the context of the offer was past tense, which means it may have not been an error.

The oldest rocks in the Falklands are gneiss and granite in the Cape Meredith complex, which radiometric studies place at around 1100 million years old. These types of rocks are visible in cliffs at the south end of West Falkland. The Cape Meredith complex corresponds to the crystalline rocks that made up the interior of the Gondwana supercontinent. This type of rock also has a great geological similarity to rocks currently found in South Africa and in Queen Maud Land in Antarctica. On top of the gneiss and granite lie layers of quartzite, sandstone, and shales or mudstone in West Falkland. Cross-bedding and ripple marks identify the zone where these rocks were deposited as the shallow waters of a delta environment where currents transported submarine sediments. In the case of the Falklands these palaeocurrent directions mostly run northward, and are very similar to those in formations in South Africa that run southward. Comparison of the two provides evidence that the block of sandstone sediments that contains the islands has rotated. Rocks in the central part of West Falkland contain fossils of marine organisms that lived in shallow water.
The National Longitudinal Surveys of Young Men and Older Men comprises two separate surveys. The Young Men's survey, which was discontinued in 1981, includes men who were ages 14–24 when first interviewed in 1966. The Older Men's survey, which was discontinued in 1990, includes men who were ages 45–59 when first interviewed in 1966.
On 15 August 2006, May confirmed through his website and fan club that Queen + Paul Rodgers would begin producing their first studio album beginning in October, to be recorded at a "secret location". The album, titled The Cosmos Rocks, was released in the European Union on 12 September 2008 and in the United States on 28 October 2008. This was to be Queens 16th studio album and the first since 1995's Made in Heaven.
A remarkable "live" reproduction of The Entombment of Christ appears in the music video "A Love Song to T. S. Eliot" by British-Canadian band Velcro Hooks (1:30).
