In 2004, the Huskies won their first-ever Pac-10 title, and McLaughlin earned his first AVCA National Coach of the Year honor. In his fifth year at UW in 2005, he led Washington to its first-ever NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship and a 32-1 () record as Washington swept all six of their matches in the tournament, including top-ranked Nebraska in the final at the Alamodome in San Antonio. McLaughlin was named the Pac-10 Coach of the Year, and made history as the first coach in NCAA history to win a national championship in both men and women's volleyball, having led the USC men's team to a national title in 1990.
Prior to the development of COPR, graphic artists were restricted to a set pixel width when designing web pages. If a page was re-sized in any way, the appearance of the design would be altered. By combining several existing technologies, COPR provides a solution to many problems caused by the mismatch between HTML and scalable graphic formats.
Bernier Island is one of three islands that comprise the "Bernier and Dorre Island Nature Reserve" in the Shark Bay World Heritage area in Western Australia.
The men's singles was headlined by World No. 1 Roger Federer, Marat Safin and Tim Henman. Other top seeds were Gastón Gaudio, Carlos Moyà, Guillermo Coria, Joachim Johansson and Ivan Ljubičić.
Ivesia
Third Class.
<doc id="17125405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17125405" title="Centennial Wash (Maricopa County)">
<doc id="17125815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17125815" title="Priest Lake USFS Airport">
Pre-modern history.
Angie’s activities was last seen at France. In 1990 it was aired on French TV, a total amount of ten years after her debut in most other parts of Europe and thirteen years since she was produced in Japan.
Construction was to commence in September 2009 under the management of WestWind Energy, however the project changed hands to Meridian Energy in the middle of 2009. Construction was delayed until the end of 2009 or early 2010 with Meridian Energy citing the global financial crisis as the cause of the delay in construction. Construction has been further delayed until December 2012 and is due for completion in 2014. Meridian Energy cite the reason as re-designing how the Mount Mercer Wind Farm is back hauled to the national grid and thus having to renegotiate easement agreements with local land owners.
George Pollard (March 20, 1920 – April 17, 2008) was an American portrait painter. Born in Waldo, Wisconsin, he painted portraits of famous people, such as Harry S. Truman and Muhammad Ali. 
not kissed your face,

Quarter finals.
The 1968 Atlanta Falcons season was the Falcon's third season.

<doc id="17130148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17130148" title="Muñani District">
June 8
The Party's symbol is an adaptation of the communist hammer and sickle, with a traditional Korean calligraphy brush (used for writing) symbolizing the "working intellectual".
Da la terra de l'ammore

The name is increasingly popular in the United States, where it was the most popular name given to baby girls in several states in 2006 and the fourth most popular name nationwide in 2007, and in Canada, where it is among the 10 most popular given names for baby girls in several provinces.
At the same time, Celle residents began to complain about the so-called “Veronikas″, German women attracted to the well paid soldiers. A public appeal by the city of Celle denounced the "women and girls who cause offence and outrage" amongst the population. The public outrage and repeated appeals for morality by local politicians in the local press became well known throughout Germany. Even a Stuttgart-based newspaper published an article about “Celle - an outraged city” on 14 February 1949.
Tamjidi was born in Tehran and graduated with a degree in film editing from seda v sima university. He has four children - Larisa, Kasra, Nakisa, and Parsa. His oldest son, Kasra, has appeared in some of his films.

