Juvenile Justice Services/Facilities (JJS) is the division that operates juvenile correctional facilities.
<doc id="28153549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28153549" title="Hugo Kant">
The next year (1892), Falkenau moved to Chicago to take a position as music critical for the Chicago Herald. Falkenau was appointed to the "Herald" as the "Tribune" approached a near-decade of declining eminence in musicology. The" Herald" moved into the Tribune former position by devoting liberal attention to music. Falkenau was described as having “. . .a certain force of his own, and is not slow to recognize novelties at their proper value, as the columns of the Herald often show. Holding and expressing distinct opinions, in so prominent a place as that afforded by a prosperous daily. Mr. Falkenau makes quiet a number of enemies. His scalp is therefore in lively demand, and some day a smart enemy may get it. But there is one comfort in this sort of thing: The fellow whose torn skin is beginning to heal always joins in the laugh at the latest victim, so that there is room to hope that the mills of gods may grind so slowly in this case as to afford the ambitious critic time for showing the essential soundness and reliability of his work.”
Education.
<doc id="28154958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28154958" title="Web-based Usenet">
The proposal to merge the preliminary qualification rounds for FIFA World Cup qualifiers and AFC Asian Cup was ratified by the AFC Competitions Committee.
Ricky Yacobi (born Ricky Yacob) is a former Indonesian football player. He was born 1963 in Medan. He normally plays as a striker and used to be Indonesian football star in 1980s. His nickname is "Indonesian Paul Breitner". He marked his name is 1986 Asian Games when led Indonesian team. In 1988 Matsushita (nowadays its became Gamba Osaka) bought him but he failed to make an impact there because climate condition. He only played 6 games and scored a goal.


Six Senate places were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal National Party was defending four seats. Senators Ron Boswell (Liberal National), Sue Boyce (Liberal National), Mark Furner (Labor), John Hogg (Labor), Ian Macdonald (Liberal National) and Claire Moore (Labor) were not up for re-election.
The larvae feed on "Tuberaria lignosa". They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a tortuous narrow corridor, ending in a small blotch. The frass is deposited in a broad brown line.
In January 1944, the division was still fighting near Narew, in Różan, but was soon forced to retreat. The 129th Infantry Division was eventually destroyed in East Prussia and disbanded around February. The surviving elements were transferred into the 4th Army and fought in the last battles in East Prussia. The Headquarters of the division served as the "Kommandatur" of Frisches Haff.
