In 2013, Shenandoah University accepted stewardship of 195 acres of land along the Shenandoah River, now known as the Shenandoah River Campus at Cool Spring Battlefield. Purchased by the Civil War Trust in 2012, stewardship of the property transferred to the university in spring 2013 to ensure protection and preservation of the former battlefield site. The property now serves as an outdoor classroom and living laboratory for the university community and the general public.
Cyclophosphamide (INN, trade names Endoxan, Cytoxan, Neosar, Procytox, Revimmune), also known as cytophosphane, is a nitrogen mustard alkylating agent from the oxazaphosphinans group.
"Clawfinger" contains twelve songs with an additional three bonus tracks on the limited edition. Three singles were released (detailed below) and two videos ("Biggest & the Best" and "Two Sides").
Noriega was a major force behind the Bush Administration’s policy of aggression towards Cuba and Venezuela.
Taylor was hired as the General Manager of the Los Angeles Kings in 1997 and held the position until 2006, when a front office reshuffling saw him assume the position of Director of Amateur Development. With a record of 290-261-74-31, Taylor was the winningest GM in Kings’ history. He later moved to the Dallas Stars and served as the team's Director of Player Personnel for three seasons.
<doc id="1675522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1675522" title="Nancy Overton">
Modern engines use a MaP sensor to measure air pressure in the intake manifold. Manifold Pressure is one of a multitude of parameters used by the ECU to optimize engine operation.
After suspension of the non-cooperation movement in 1922 by Gandhi, Azad became more aggressive. He committed himself to achieve complete independence by any means. Azad also believed that India's future lay in socialism. He met a young revolutionary, Pranvesh Chatterji, who introduced him to Ram Prasad Bismil who had formed the Hindustan Republican Association (HRA), a revolutionary organisation. Azad was impressed with the aim of HRA, i.e., an independent India with equal rights and opportunity to everyone without discrimination of caste, creed, religion or social status. On introduction, Bismil was impressed by Azad, when Azad reportedly put his hand over a lamp and did not remove it till his skin burnt. He then became an active member of the HRA and started to collect funds for HRA. Most of the fund collection was through robberies of government property. He also wanted to build a new India based on socialist principles. Azad and his compatriots also planned and executed several acts of violence against the British. Most of his revolutionary activities were planned and executed from Shahjahanpur which was also the hometown of Ram Prasad. He was involved in the Kakori Train Robbery of 1925, in the attempt to blow up the Viceroy's train in 1926, and at last the shooting of J.P. Saunders at Lahore in 1928 to avenge the killing of Lala Lajpat Rai.
History.
<doc id="1676049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1676049" title="Protestant Ascendancy">

Box Office.
In traditional Chinese medicine, osmanthus tea has been used as an herbal tea for the treatment of menopathies. The extract of dried flowers showed neuroprotective, free-radical scavenging, antioxidative effects in "in vitro" assays.
The Trinity Hills lie between to Guayaguayare and Moruga, on the south coast of Trinidad.
Databases.
He entered service in the United States Army on July 3, 1946. As a corporal, he was stationed in Guam as a surveyor. It was largely an uneventful tour of duty, with the exception of while surveying the island's jungles he found a wrecked bomber from World War II that still had the pilot's remains inside. He was discharged from Army service on March 18, 1949. He later became an Army Reservist and obtained the rank of Colonel. He went to Michigan State University and the Ohio State University College of Medicine. He had a master's Degree in public health from the University of California, Berkeley.
The name comes from 2 different aboriginal languages, one from the Melbourne area and one from the Adelaide area, and together mean "beside the river". The name was applied to the park after the design was adopted.
