Grail may also refer to:
In "Chimel v. California", decided in 1969, Stewart wrote an opinion stating that arresting a suspect in his house does not give the police the right to perform a warrantless search of the entire house, only the area surrounding the arrestee.
Steve Berman's short story, "“A Troll on a Mountain with a Girl”" features Yamauba.
Until the 1770s, "The Dublin Gazette" had less of the character of an organ of government than did "The London Gazette". However, on 18 March 1776, an Order in Council was made which banned it from publishing news not "guaranteed" by the government. A Notice subsequently appeared in the "Gazette" on 13 April 1776, dated from Dublin Castle on 27 March, stating - 
The cause of ASD is still uncertain. ASD is a disorder of the cortex, which controls higher functions, sensation, muscle movements, and memory. What is known is that a child with ASD has a pervasive problem with how the brain is wired. The distribution of white matter, the nerve fibers that link diverse parts of the brain, is abnormal. An ASD child’s brain grows at a very rapid rate and is almost fully grown by the age of 10.

<br>Religion: 2803 Romanian Orthodox, 5 Roman Catholics and 51 Protestants
An analysis of the literature on bisphenol A leachate low-dose effects by vom Saal and Hughes published in August 2005 seems to have found a suggestive correlation between the source of funding and the conclusion drawn. Industry-funded studies tend to find no significant effects whereas government-funded studies tend to find significant effects.
Talbot was born in Dighton, Massachusetts and came from a poor family. He first took to seafaring at the age of twelve serving as cabin boy in a coasting vessel. Talbot's performance proved to be outstanding and in 1772 had saved up enough money to buy and settle a home in Providence, Rhode Island.
Circumvention of captive portals.
Team tag sports.
Democracy for America favors the withdrawal of American troops from Iraq.
Red Hill
Red Hook has been part of the Town of Brooklyn since it was organized in the 1600s. It is named for the red clay soil and the point of land projecting into the Upper New York Bay. The village was settled by Dutch colonists of New Amsterdam in 1636, and named "Roode Hoek". In Dutch "Hoek" means "point" or "corner" and not the English hook (i.e., not something curved or bent). The actual "hoek" of Red Hook was a point on an island that stuck out into Upper New York Bay at today's Dikeman Street west of Ferris Street. From the 1880s to the present time, people who live in the eastern area of Red Hook have referred to their neighborhood as "The Point". Today, the area is home to about 11,000 people.
The Long Wharf area contains several notable features and buildings, including the Long Wharf Theatre, Gateway Community College, the Long Wharf Maritime Center, Sargent (a New Haven firm with a history going back to 1810, now a division of Assa Abloy), the headquarters of the "New Haven Register", as well as New Haven's "Vietnam Veterans Memorial Park" which stretches for seventeen acres (69,000 m²) directly along the harborfront. Long Wharf is also the home port of a replica of the historical Amistad.
Longest active NCAA college football rivalries.
The forests that populate the Korean Peninsula's Bakedu Mountain Range - from Mt. Baekdu, in the north, to Mt. Jiri, in the southwest - and the southern coast and islands of the peninsula - including Jeju Island - feature a wide variety of conifers and broadleaf trees. Much of these forests are protected in national forests, such as in Hallyeohaesang National Park, which encompasses 150.14 km2 of mountainous, forested, rainy islands off of Korea's southern coast, and in Seoraksan National Park, which covers 163.6 km2 of mountainous forests near the eastern coast, among others.
