Duty in World War II.
Saint Reineldis' patronage for eye diseases is due to the association with a water well in Saintes known as "Sainte Renelde's well", water which is believed to cure eye diseases.
<doc id="9553762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9553762" title="Yo La Tengo Is Murdering the Classics">

Bermuda Fitted Dinghy

Many m/1894 carbines and m/1896 rifles were successfully converted by Carl Gustafs and Norma after World War II into the CG 63 Competition/Target Rifle chambered in 6.5×55mm and 7.62×51mm NATO. The Swedish Army used this rifle as the "Gevär 6". These competition/target rifles were used by members of the Swedish Volunteer Sharpshooting Movement "Frivilliga Skytterörelsen" (FSR) and are known to be very accurate for their price. The FSR strives to keep the costs of participating in their shooting events reasonable, so the FSR rulings restrict the unchecked use of very expensive highly specialized target rifles, ammunition and other gear.
I think technology went wrong somewhere. It just went into the wrong direction. Instead of helping us and freeing us, it seems to enslave us. That's what I talk about in "Grievance", about the dangers and what a lot of people don't see or don't want to see. There's the line, "For every tool they lend us a loss of independence" and it's true. Everything happens so fast. The technology is supposed to make everything simple, easy. It tries to make us believe that it's some sort of freedom we have. Of course, it's easy and comfortable if you can do all your shopping via the internet, if you don't need to leave the house to do anything. But, on the other hand, what is going to happen? You lose touch with people. You don't meet new people except on the internet and whatever you do can be traced. They know everything about you; they know what you buy; they know which papers you read, how long you stay on a page and they look at your statistics and they're going to offer you the products they think you might buy – most of them you don't really need anyway. What is going to happen to individuality?
In his long career, he played with many teams, but surely the most famous club he played for was Internazionale during the middle of his career. In Massimo Moratti's first season as owner of Inter, he signed many Italians such as Benito Carbone, Salvatore Fresi, and Maurizio Ganz, along with Centofanti himself.

