In 899, Atenulf I defeated Radelchis II and conquered Benevento. He declared Capua and Benevento inseparable and introduced the principle of co-rule, whereby sons would be associated with their fathers and brothers with each other, a principle soon borrowed by Salerno. Atenulf associated his son, Landulf, as co-prince and built up alliances with the local Greek states, like Naples and Gaeta, which alliances were continued under his successor. He also began planning the eventual reconquest of Moslem-occupied territory in the region, but died before his plans, which culminated in the victorious Battle of the Garigliano in 915, could come to fruition. Landulf mostly continued the policies of his father and spent most of his career after Garigliano trying to weaken the Byzantine authority in Apulia and the Campania. In this, he was only moderately successful. His son, Landulf II, allied against the Lombard principality of Salerno, but failed to oust Gisulf I. Like his father, he attacked Byzantine possessions, but was defeated and forced to submit to nominal Byzantine suzerainty. 
Officiating career.
The North Leicestershire League is a football competition based in Leicestershire, England. This league was established in 1931 and was formerly known as the Loughborough and District Amateur Football Alliance. It has a total of four divisions, the highest of which, the Premier Division, is a feeder to the Leicestershire Senior League. Each division has a different sponsor.
Gantenbainne Mosqueda.
Family.
Calgranulin is an S-100 calcium-binding protein that is expressed in multiple cell types, including renal epithelial cells and neutrophils. Some "in vitro" evidence suggests that calgranulin can inhibit the precipitation of calcium oxalate in a urine-like environment at calgranulin concentrations below physiological concentrations. Thus, it may also function "in vivo" as an inhibitor of calcium oxalate kidney stone formation. However, the role of calgranulin in the stone formation process has not been evaluated.

Arrest on espionage-related charges.
Pat Jarvis has been a Drug Free Ambassador for 10 years, and is a very keen supporter of the "Say No To Drugs" program, which is an initiative of the Church of Scientology.
Passenger service was dropped in 1937, and the rail line was abandoned from Fredonia to Falconer due to an economic last straw: a bridge washout just west of the village of Sinclairville, New York in the wake of the torrential rains brought by Hurricane Agnes of 1972, with the line south of Falconer abandoned in 1976 with the formation of Conrail.
After the fall of the Whitlam government, which was precipitated by the Loans Affair, Stewart moved to the backbench. When Lang was abolished prior to the 1977 election, he transferred to Grayndler. 
Feferman introduced theta functions, described in as follows. 
V. Ramarathnam (, , )(1917–2008) was a Carnatic musician, author, teacher and composer. Ramarthnam, the vocalist disciple of Sangeetha Rathna Mysore T. Chowdiah. He was the first Principal of the University College of Music and Dance, University of Mysore since its inception in 1965, a position which he held till his retirement in 1987. He was awarded many honorary titles such as "Sangeetha Kala Sagaram" (ocean of music).
Research and publication.

In astronomy, an irregular moon is a natural satellite following a distant, inclined, and often eccentric and retrograde orbit. They are believed to have been captured by their parent planet, unlike regular satellites, which formed "in situ".
Juan Álvarez Mendizábal, born Juan Álvarez Méndez (Chiclana de la Frontera, Cádiz Province, 25 February 1790 – Madrid, 3 November 1853), was a Spanish economist and politician.
This Brotherhood was founded by the Right Rev. Dr. Daniel Delany, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, at Tullow, County Carlow, Ireland, on the feast of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary, in 1808. 
On Friday, September 28, 1984, Richland was the site of a school shooting. No students or faculty were killed, though the shooter, Barry Wayne Shaw, a 1981 alumnus of Richland, was charged and convicted in the fatal shooting of a Dallas karate instructor, Jimmy Glen Wilson, on Monday of that week.
ISO/IEC International Standards:
Fins from the critically endangered sawfish (Pristidae) "are highly favored in Asian markets and are some of the most valuable shark fins". Sawfishes are now protected under the highest protection level of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES), Appendix I.
In different capacities he mentored the former Governor of the Bank of Italy, and the ECB President, Professor Mario Draghi, the current Governor of the Bank of Italy, Ignazio Visco, the welfare economist Bruno Amoroso, the labour economist Ezio Tarantelli, killed by the Red Brigades in 1985 in the courtyard of the Faculty of Economics in Rome where they taught, the former President of the Italian Statistical Office Guido M. Rey, the former President of the Italian Statistical Office and current Minister for Welfare Enrico Giovannini, the Economic policy's international expert Nicola Acocella, the neo-ricardian economist Fernando Vianello and economist of innovation Daniele Archibugi.
<doc id="6111203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6111203" title="Official Scrabble Players Dictionary">
