Typically nitrogenases are coded by Nif genes.
2012.
Valley in old West Country English/Celtic, similar to Welsh equivalent 'cwm'.
On Loughborough Road, there stands an old public house built of forest stone and known as 'The Man Within Compass'. This title is thought to be unique in England though again with uncertain origins. The pub is more commonly known as 'The Rag and Mop'; several of Whitwick's public houses developed nicknames, some of which - like The Rag and Mop - have origins which can only be guessed at. Other examples are 'Mary's House' (The Hare and Hounds) and 'Thripnies' (The Crown and Cushion, Silver Street - now closed).
Motorsport.
There is also the local museum in Calcutt Street run by the Cricklade Historical Society housed in a former Baptist chapel. T.R. Thomson of Costorphine was a long-time resident of Cricklade and a moving spirit behind the establishment of the society. His book, Materials for a History of Cricklade, and various articles have served to preserve and enhance a study of local history in the town.
References.
Tam O'Shanter Cottage was believed to be built about 300 years ago. Its name derives from a stone carving of the poem "Tam O'Shanter" by Robert Burns, which adorns a wall on the site. In 1950, the building was recognised as having special historical interest for preservation. Despite two fires and threats of demolition in 1954 and 1975, the cottage was rebuilt and restored in the mid 1970s. Four acres around the cottage were developed as a city farm in 1986, known as the Tam O'Shanter Urban Farm.
Engines.
History.
<doc id="1081218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1081218" title="Face to Face (The Kinks album)">
Before the advent of overlay plans, it was universally accepted (and in some cases, required) that a call to a local number in the same area code as the calling station be placed without including the area code. As a result, the caller has to dial only the 7 digits of the exchange plus the station number.
<doc id="1081443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1081443" title="Advanced Brake Warning">

The school that claims our loyalty,


Basic process.
Economic activities.
<doc id="1082212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1082212" title="Yaquina Bay Bridge">
Aimar was released on 21 April 2014, due to injury problems.
With the death of his wife, Thérèse Ravisé, on 12 November 1949 Gilson endured a considerable emotional shock.
Creation and early years.
Interstates in Alaska follow the numbering system Interstate A-n, where n represents the number of the Interstate. This follows the similar numbering systems for Hawaii and Puerto Rico. Currently, all Interstates in Alaska are unsigned and are not generally referred to by their highway numbers. In fact, few Alaskans are aware of those numbers. The Interstate Highway System was expanded to Alaska in 1976, by the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1976, which defined the system for Interstates in Alaska and Puerto Rico under Title 23, Chapter 1, Section 103 (c)(1)(B)(ii) of the U.S. Code. 

Warmaster Gameplay.
Steam power first replaced the horses in 1877 when trials were undertaken with one of Henry Hughes's patent tramway locomotives. These were adjudged to be a success, although a dispute between the Swansea Improvements & Tramways Company (which owned the locomotives) and the line's then owner, John Dickson (who had come into possession following the death of George Byng Morris) meant that horses continued to operate certain services until 1896. At this time there was a junction between the Mumbles Railway and the Swansea town tramway system at the Slip, allowing S.I. & T. cars to run through from Swansea town centre to Oystermouth. The nature of the dispute was such that the Swansea & Mumbles company demanded that the S.I. & T. horse cars should follow their own steam-hauled services on the line. In 1889, a new company, the Mumbles Railway & Pier Company, was incorporated to extend the railway beyond Oystermouth to a new pier close to Mumbles Head. The first section, to Southend, was opened in 1893 and the remainder, including the pier, in 1898.
Spirit of Man:
Activities and resources.
On 10 April Savige gave Potts control of the central Bougainville sector. He immediately sent out patrols to sniff out Japanese. This put him at odds with Major George Winning, a former commando who had surveyed the whole island when Australian troops first arrived. Winning called Bougainville "a self-supporting POW camp". "To fight a war here and provoke hostilities will be nothing more than sinful destruction and wastage of bloody fine men who deserve to be laid off and sent home to their people". In Potts' view, taking a brigade trained to the peak of fitness and primed to attack and then giving them a garrison job, was actually more hazardous than sending them into battle. He had already lost one battalion commander in Bougainville, not in combat but in a plane crash while on a reconnaissance flight.
At the same ceremony, Warp Films received its third BAFTA as Paddy Considine’s directorial debut "Dog Altogether" won the Best Short Film award. 
<doc id="1083300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1083300" title="List of fashion designers">
Bottles.
Rangers
The ambrotype was the first use of the wet-plate collodion process as a positive image. Such collodion glass positives had been invented by Frederick Scott Archer in 1851 and the name Ambrotype was introduced in the United States by James Ambrose Cutting in 1854 when he patented a variation of Archer's original process.
USS "Columbia" (SSN-771), is the 60th Los Angeles class submarine, and is the eighth vessel of the United States Navy to bear that name. The earlier "Columbia"s were given their names for differing reasons; SSN-771 was specifically named in honor of Columbia, South Carolina, Columbia, Missouri, and Columbia, Illinois.
Argentine Libertarian Federation
Men's sports
Biography.
Measuring gravity.
During late 1995, after the sessions for "Tarantula" were completed but prior to the official announcement of Ride's break-up, Bell undertook production duties on Britpop band The Kynd's debut single "Egotripper", which was released in October 1996.
The Super Friendz are a band from Halifax, Nova Scotia, active between 1994 and 1997, reforming in 2003. Contemporaries of Sloan, their early work was on Sloan's Murderecords label.
, a "Gato"-class submarine, was the first ship of the United States Navy to be named for the jack (any of various fishes—young pike, green pike or pickerel, or large California rockfish). 
In the final chapters of "Life", Muir concluded that the main legacy of Islam was a negative one, and he subdivided it in "three radical evils":

Reptile (Mortal Kombat)
Game play.
Artifacts.
It is usually accepted that the primate superior colliculus is unique among mammals, in that it does not contain a complete map of the visual field seen by the contralateral eye. Instead, like the visual cortex and lateral geniculate nucleus, each colliculus represents only the contralateral half of the visual field, up to the midline, and excludes a representation of the ipsilateral half. This functional characteristic is explained by the absence, in primates, of anatomical connections between the retinal ganglion cells in the temporal half of the retina and the contralateral superior colliculus. In other mammals, the retinal ganglion cells throughout the contralateral retina project to the contralateral colliculus. This distinction between primates and non-primates has been one of the key lines of evidence in support of the flying primates theory proposed by Australian neuroscientist Jack Pettigrew in 1986, after he discovered that flying foxes (megabats) resemble primates in terms of the pattern of anatomical connections between the retina and superior colliculus.

Another excavation report by "Petchey" from the Macraes Flat mining area, presents items of children’s toys such as marbles, and a china doll’s leg amongst ruins of a house site (Petchey, 1995). This evidence is also useful to suggest men and their families engaged in mining activities and social life on the goldfields in the 19th Century.
Subaru World Rally Team.
When he sided with Antipope John XXIII at the Council of Constance, Emperor Sigismund placed him under the Imperial ban. Thanks to the support of the local populace he managed to keep Tyrol, but he lost the Aargau, the old homeland of the Habsburgs, to the Swiss.
The booklet, found in all three versions, features an essay by Paul Morley. A special "Secret Website" (now offline) could be unlocked with the CDs.
This mill was marked on Emanuel Bowen's map of Kent (1736) and also on Andrews, Drury and Herbert's map of Kent, 1769. It is thought that the mill was a smock mill, and that it was moved to Sissinghurst c. 1814. It stood ¼ mile (400 m) west north west of the church.
The SDA has branches across Australia.

<doc id="1086319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1086319" title="Xanthorrhoeaceae">
Notable facilities at Sun City:
<doc id="1086531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1086531" title="Radar imaging">
Eric Balfour
Burton is a village in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, and situated approximately north from the city and county town of Lincoln. The village sits on the side of the Lincoln Cliff overlooking the River Trent Valley. 
