Astrojax was invented by physics graduate student Larry Shaw in 1987. It first appeared on the market in 1994, when it was sold through The Nature Company, under the name of "Orbit Balls." Over the next several years it won a number of toy awards. In 2000 Astrojax was acquired by Active People, a Swiss company specializing in yo-yos, juggling toys, kites and open-ended toys such as Bilibo. In 2003 corporate chains such as Target, Walmart, KB Toys, and Toys-R-Us started to carry the product.
Shortly after its formation, the Vigilance Committee dispatched a posse of men to search for Aleck Carter, "Whiskey Bill" Graves and Bill Bunton, known associates of George Ives. The posse was led by vigilante Captain James Williams, the man who had investigated the Nicolas Tiebolt murder by George Ives. Near the Rattlesnake Ranch on the Ruby River, the posse located "Erastus Red" Yeager and George Brown, both suspected road agents. While traveling back to Virginia City, Yeager made a complete confession, naming the majority of the road agents in Plummer's gang, including Henry Plummer. After obtaining the confession, Yeager and Brown were found guilty by the posse and summarily hanged from a cottonwood tree on the Lorrain's Ranch on the Ruby River. On January 6, 1863, "Dutch John" Wagner, a road agent wounded in the Moody robbery was captured by vigilante Captain Nick Wall and Ben Peabody on the Salt Lake City trail. The vigilantes transported Wagner to Bannack where he was hanged on January 11, 1864. By this time, Yeager's confession had mobilized vigilantes against Plummer and his key associates, deputies Buck Stinson and Ned Ray. Plummer, Stinson and Ray were arrested on the morning of January 10, 1864 and summarily hanged.
East of Lombardy, the Republic of Venice was infected in 1630–31. The city of Venice was severely hit, with recorded casualties of 46,000 people out of a population of 140,000. Some historians believe the drastic loss of life, and its impact on commerce, ultimately resulted in the downfall of Venice as a major commercial and political power. The papal city of Bologna lost an estimated 15,000 citizens to the plague, with neighboring smaller cities of Modena and Parma also being heavily affected. This outbreak of plague also spread north into Tyrol, an alpine region of western Austria and northern Italy. 
In 2001, the tumour returned and Starkey went back to Boston for more treatment. She lives in London and is currently a make-up artist and a fledging fashion designer. 
As with many school songs, this song has been parodied by Cornell students and non-students alike for decades. The lyrics for one common parody are as follows:
Wildenstein was born in Verrières-le-Buisson, Essonne, just outside of Paris. He was educated at Cours Hattemer and at the University of Paris, graduating in 1938 and going on to study at the École du Louvre.

It was first published in 2000. "The Wind Singer" won the 2000 Nestlé Smarties Book Prize and the Blue Peter Best Book Award for "The Book I Couldn't Put Down".
Celtics–Lakers rivalry


Lee's wife discovered her husband's love affair and complained in a series of jealous scenes. The NKVD became worried about these developments and ordered her to stop serving as his courier. Earl Browder told Iskhak Akhmerov that Price's "nerves had been badly shaken" by these events.
As of February 21, 2009, registration on the domain ztnetstore.com expired, further reducing the likelihood of an eventual ship date. On March 11, 2009, registration expired on the main ztnet.com domain, eliminating the possibility of contacting site owner Zachary Williams via email.
The Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav (; or "Sanct Olafs Orden", the old Norwegian name) is a Norwegian order of chivalry that was instituted by King Oscar I of Norway and Sweden on August 21, 1847, as a distinctly Norwegian order. It is named after King Olav II, known to posterity as St. Olav. Nobility was abolished in Norway in 1821. Just before the union with Sweden was dissolved in 1905, the Order of the Norwegian Lion was instituted in 1904 by King Oscar II, but it was not awarded by his successor Haakon VII. The Order of St. Olav thus became the kingdom's only order of chivalry for the next 80 years. The Grand Master of the order is the reigning monarch of Norway. It is awarded to individuals as a reward for remarkable accomplishments on behalf of the country and humanity. Since 1985, the order has only been conferred upon Norwegian citizens, though foreign heads of state and royals are awarded the order as a matter of courtesy.
For a nucleus of mass number A, the radius r is (approximately)
Commercial performance.
Mark Anson's novel "Below Mercury" is set in an abandoned ice mine below Chao Meng-fu crater.
The climax of the Battle of Tannenberg Line was the Soviet attack of 29 July. The shock units suppressed the German resistance on the Lastekodumägi, while the Soviet main forces suffered heavy casualties in the subsequent assault at the Grenaderimägi. The Soviet tanks encircled the Grenaderimägi and the Tornimägi, the westernmost hills. At the same time, Steiner, the commander of the III SS Panzer Corps sent out the remaining seven tanks, which hit the surprised Soviet armour and forced them back. This enabled an improvised battle group consisting of different nationalities to launch a fierce counterattack led by Hauptsturmführer Paul Maitla which re-conquered the Grenaderimägi to German hands. Of the 136,830 Soviets initiating the Narva Offensive in July, a few thousand had survived. The Soviet tank regiments had been demolished.
112. William Bentinck, 2nd Duke of Portland (father of 56)
<doc id="1932808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1932808" title="Tal Chhapar Sanctuary">
Hallam had a bad rep of not taking his medicine regularly, nor was he doing the proper exercises required to build strength and motor capabilities. After a couple of years of criticism as well as lack of motivation to do what was right in order to have a successful hand transplant, Clint Hallam decided to ask for the hand to be re-amputated.
Doldinger was born in Berlin, and entered a Düsseldorf conservatory in 1947, originally studying piano and then clarinet, graduating in 1957. In his student years, Doldinger gained professional performing experience, starting in 1953 in the German Dixieland band "The Feetwarmers", and recording with them in 1955. Later that year he founded "Oscar's Trio", modeled on Oscar Peterson's work.
Albany Choppers
UK Web Archive.
<doc id="1933577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1933577" title="Wide boy">
History.

Formation.
Hairy Maclary
<doc id="1934197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1934197" title="Carlos Cavazo">
Roger Kwok Chun-on is Hong Kong television actor who works on the TV station TVB. Kwok was born in Hong Kong and his native family roots are in Zhongshan, Guangdong. Kwok used to be a singer before becoming an actor.
Painting.
Reno then began feuding solely with Vito, which was intensified when it was revealed that Reno was, in storyline, dating Vito's sister. It was also revealed that Reno and Vito were, in storyline, brothers. Both men subsequently became allies on the December 4 edition of "Nitro" when Vito saved Reno from being attacked by KroniK. They formed a tag team soon after, but the team came to an end quickly at Starrcade when Reno turned on Vito during their match with KroniK. He then revealed that he was the one who paid off KroniK to attack him in the previous weeks. Their feud culminated at Sin, which saw Reno pin Vito.
Birmingham Groves High School
Double Diapason 16,

Under the Burji Mamelukes the Franks again attacked Alexandria (1416), and the laws against Jewish customs were once more strictly enforced by Sheik al-Mu'ayyid (1412–21); by Ashraf Bars Bey (1422–38); by Al-Ẓahir Jaḳmaḳ (1438–53); and by Ḳa'iṭ-Bey (1468–95). The lastnamed is referred to by Obadiah of Bertinoro (O. p. 53). The Jewish community of Cairo was compelled to pay 75,000 gold pieces.
Sergey Khristianovich
