The Guy Who Gets a Beard Weave.
<doc id="41960247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41960247" title="List of artists who reached number one on the Canadian Hot 100">
2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships – Men's 200 metre backstroke
The audience is led into a dormitory in a mental ward. Edward Zann Jr. is sitting on a bed with bloody hands and a knife. Caretakers wearing masks appear and restrain him after he has hummed a strange melody. The Head Psychologist appears above the audience and follows the melody ("The Music Of Erich Zann"). The Head Psychologist invite the audience into the auditorium. The audience is led onto a stand. The Psychologists ask Edward Jr to tell them about what happened in the mine of Svartvatten (Black Water).

Yusefabad (, also Romanized as Yūsefābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 17 families. 
Rasulabad (, also Romanized as Rasūlābād) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 44 families. 

Narap (, also Romanized as Narāp; also known as Nar Āb) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 36 families. 
They met at the semi-finals of the 2014 French Open, the same stage as three years previously. The outcome was the same as then with Nadal winning in straight sets 6-3, 6-2, 6-1. This match, however, was as comfortable for Nadal as the scoreline suggested, with Murray only winning 10 points off the Nadal serve. Nadal quickly asserted control and won the opening three games, going on to take the set in 34 minutes. Murray had spent over four hours longer than Nadal on court in the previous rounds and his tiredness showed as he made much more errors than is usual for him. By contrast, Nadal was at his best and won the next two sets as quickly as the first, securing the victory in only 100 minutes.
Diplomatic gift
The Kirtlandian has a distinct fauna, including four species distinguishing it from other ages. The species include the dinosaurians "Pentaceratops sternbergii", "Parasaurolophus cyrtocristatus", and "Kritosaurus navajovius", with the only non-dinosaurian being "Melvius chauliodous", a fish taxon.
<doc id="41964705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41964705" title="Aer (album)">
2012 Reform.

Since 2004, with the support of international NGOs and external testing system is formed in Ukraine.
Within Francoism.

In 2010 Chok founded "saltpeter", an independent theatre company. She produced and starred in their opera production "Tonseisha - The Man Who Abandoned the World" (2014 - Studio, Central Saint Martins), which is adapted from the play by Erik Patterson. In the work, which features opera, dance and theatre, Chok plays Yukiko, a Japanese woman, who is haunted by the loss of her father and Beat writer Richard Brautigan. In 2011, Vera Chok founded the Brautigan Book Club, which stimulates creative explorations based on Brautigan's work.


Mira is a "Computer Worm" the classification for a family of malicous software (malware), which infects on Microsoft Windows systems. Mira was first discovered in 2014 by Trend Micro Laboratory. Probability Mira malware come's from Iran because some strings in mira's code written in Persian.
