6 * Wigan official archives state the home team are Leigh, an obvious printing error as earlier in the same fixture list Leigh are away at CarlisleCarlisle
4 * Hilton Park was the home ground of Leigh

In 1932, Di Fausto became "consultant for architecture" of the city of Tripoli, the capital of Italian Libya, beginning the last creative phase of his professional life. In 1934, the replacement of Pietro Badoglio with Italo Balbo, the brilliant and impetuous Ras of Ferrara and "Maresciallo dell'Aria", as Governor-General of Libya, boosted his work. The two men soon came to understand each other well (Balbo was so confident in Di Fausto to give him in 1938 the task of designing the city plan of his home town's center), and Di Fausto, nominated by Balbo chef of the "Commission for Urban Protection and Esthetics", with the main task of designing Tripoli's city plan, started to produce a stream of projects for Libya's capital: there the architect outlined the plan of "Piazza Castello" (the area around the Red Castle) and of the square around the Arch of Marcus Aurelius, in the Medina. Moreover, he erected public buildings, churches, markets, hotels, totaling fifteen works in few years. His masterpiece in Tripoli is the multifunctional center Al Waddan (hotel, swimming pools, casino, theater), characterized by a long row of arches parallel to today's "Sharia al Fatah" promenade. 
Paperback Ghosts
Description.
Music video.
John Hagen died in 1964.
Mullahoran were the defending champions, however, they were defeated in the group stage. Cootehill Celtic won the title for the first time following a 5-7 to 1-6 defeat of Ballymachugh in a replay of the final.
The Kiss of Hate
Acting/Press.
During the 1890s, Freeman and deputy U.S. marshal Dee Harkey used the 1882 Edmunds Act (which outlawed polygamy) to end prostitution in the town of Eddy (modern Carlsbad). This brought death threats from a local crime syndicate, but by the Summer of 1895, most of the town's prostitutes and saloon owners had moved to the Arizona Territory.
The National Fertilizer Development Centre (NFDC) was set up by the Government in 1977.With the help of foreign funding NFDC studies all fertilizer-related problems from the supply source to the farmers' fields, with a view to helping in the formulation of Government policies and their implementation and to give support to other institutions.

1947–1975.

The government of Maharashtra has contructed 2 barriers over the river known as the Dabhil weir and the Devarde weir which provide irrigation water to the neighbouring villages.
Matthew K. Thomas was born to Kurien Thomas and Annamma Thomas on 2 November 1948. In his autobiography, Kurien Thomas mentions the events surrounding Matthew's birth:
Schänis railway station is a railway station situated in the municipality of Schänis in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen. It is located on the Rapperswil to Ziegelbrücke line.
