When HMS "Endurance" returned from the Falklands War, the Royal Navy offered the newly formed Medway Maritime Trust two buoys on which to moor their two boats.
In 1993, the International Council on Archives approved the first draft of ISAD(G) (General International Standard Archival Description), intended to be a standard for elements that should be included in a finding aid register for archival documents produced by corporations, persons and families.

The 1975–76 Winnipeg Jets season was the Jets' fourth season of operation in the World Hockey Association (WHA). After qualifying first in the Canadian Division, the Jets then proceeded to win three rounds of the playoffs to win their first Avco Cup, sweeping the Houston Aeros 4–0 in the final.
Pekka Sarmanto
Personal life.
Each year, the journal holds a symposium devoted to a current civil rights issue. The 2008 symposium was on election law and featured Rep. Tom Davis (R-VA). The 2009 symposium was on education and then-chancellor of D.C. Public Schools Michelle Rhee was the keynote speaker. The 2010 symposium focused on immigration and Arizona's passage of SB 1070, and was hosted by Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker LLP. The 2011 symposium was devoted to privacy and civil rights as they relate to high technology and the Internet. The 2011 symposium was hosted by Wiley Rein.
A coin assayer is often assigned to each mint or assay office to determine and assure that all coins produced at the mint have the correct content or purity of each metal specified, usually by law, to be contained in them. This was particularly important when gold and silver coins were produced for circulation and used in daily commerce. Few nations, however, persist in minting silver or gold coins for general circulation. For example the U.S. discontinued the use of gold in coinage in 1933. The U.S. was perhaps the last nation to discontinue the use of silver in circulating coins after its 1970 half dollar coin, although the amount of silver used in smaller denomination coins was ended after 1964. Even with the half dollar, the amount of silver used in the coins was reduced from 90% in 1964 and earlier to 40% between 1965 and 1970. Copper, nickel, cupro-nickel and brass alloys now predominate in coin making. Notwithstanding, several national mints, including the Perth Mint in Australia, the Austrian Mint, the British Royal Mint, the Royal Canadian Mint, the South African Mint and the U.S. Mint continue to produce precious metal bullion coins for collectors and investors. The precious metal purity and content of these coins is guaranteed by the respective mint or government and therefore the assay of the raw materials and finished coins is an important quality control.
The posterior mean E["λ"] approaches the maximum likelihood estimate formula_103 in the limit as formula_104.
