1980s.
The initial set of top-level domains, defined by RFC 920 in October 1984, was a set of "general purpose domains": com, edu, gov, mil, org. The net domain was added with the first implementation of these domains. The com, net, and org TLDs, despite their originally specific goals, are now open for use for any purpose.
In 1911, the team adopted the familiar lion to their crest and in 1919 was re-named "TSV München 1860". By the mid-1920s they were playing competitive football in the country's upper leagues, like the Bezirksliga Bayern, making a national semi-final appearance in 1927. "Die Löwen" challenged for the championship in 1931 but dropped a 2:3 decision to Hertha Berlin. Two years later they made another semi-final appearance which they lost to Schalke 04 who were on their way to becoming the dominant side in German football through the 1930s and 40s.
Seiyo, Ehime
José Luis Garcia Ramón (pp. 37–69) demonstrates that linguistically "a-ko-ro-da-mo" cannot signify "agorodamos" "mystic assembler of the people". He proposes the simple Greek man's name Akrodamos. He also sees that "o-po-re-i" is a personal name parallel to another in these Thebes texts "me-to-re-i". They mean respectively "On the mountain" and "Beyond the mountain." So "o-po-re-i" does not mean "Zeus of the Fall Harvest", which is impossible according to Mycenaean usage for god's names and epithets.
All 2nd XIs enter. Same rules as the Worsley Cup with the 1st Round being the reverse fixtures of the Worsley Cup 1st Round. Games are played on the same date as the Worsley Cup with the exception that the Cup final is played the week before the Worsley Cup final.
At the end of August 1877, Alexander Morrison, Headmaster of Scotch College and convenor of the Presbyterian Church Assembly's Committee to "watch over the land", received a letter from the Director of the Victorian Education Department, proposing that if the church did not mean to take the land for a college, that it be sold and the proceeds divided, half to the church, and half to the state for university purposes. This spurred Morrison into action. A subscription list was opened, with a target of £10,000; on this list Francis Ormond's name appears against a donation of £3,000.
2005 Charity: “McDonald’s World Children’s Day Concert” (Hong Kong) 
Advantages.
Early life.
Peter Farrelly
All statistics are from SEADE and IBGE.
In Bebedouro, there are 3 hospitals, 13 health centers, several shopping stores (including a mall with more than 50 stores), 1 movie theater, 1 theater, three museums (one historical, one at the older train station, and another with old cars, airplanes and guns, known as "Museu Matarazzo"), 1 cultural center, more than 10 supermarkets (including 4 hipermarkets), two colleges, more than 30 schools, and 7 hotels (4 of good quality). 
1999.
 
Methods.
In 1990 Baltovich graduated with a degree in psychology and history from the University of Toronto at Scarborough. There he met fellow student Elizabeth Bain and a relationship developed.

History.
Plot.

is on the northwest side of the main peninsula, past the Office de Tourisme and past the zoo (parc zoologique). It's west-facing, with a view across the Rade de Villefranche.
HMHS came to national attention in 2002, when the Board of Education authorized a $3.2 million capital expansion of the school as one of its last acts prior to becoming a mayoral agency.
Background.
