History.

Nathan Cobb
<doc id="1248976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1248976" title="Roly Marks">
Each ISPR provides 1.571 m³ (55.5 ft³) of internal volume being about 2 m (79.3 in) high, 1.05 m (41.3 in) wide, and 85.9 cm (33.8 in) deep. The rack weighs 104 kg (230 lbm) and can accommodate an additional 700 kg (1540 lbm) of payload equipment. The rack has internal mounting provisions to allow attachment of secondary structure. The ISPRs will be outfitted with a thin center post to accommodate sub-rack-sized payloads, such as the 483 mm (19-inch rack) Spacelab Standard Interface Rack (SIR) Drawer or the Space Shuttle Middeck Locker. Utility pass-through ports are located on each side to allow cables to be run between Racks. Module attachment points are provided at the top of the rack and via pivot points at the bottom. The pivot points support installation and maintenance. Tracks on the exterior front posts allow mounting of payload equipment and laptop computers. Additional adapters on the ISPRs are provided for ground handling.
In March 2009, Congressional auditors determined that the DOE had miscalculated the government portion of the project's cost, overstating the amount by a half billion dollars. As a result, the Bush administration cited the project as having nearly doubled in cost when, in reality, it had increased by 39%
Public housing projects.

WLWT presently broadcasts 37½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with 5½ hours on weekdays and five hours each on Saturdays and Sundays). , WLWT has the top-rated local newscasts in the Cincinnati market, showing steady ratings growth in its newscasts during the last couple of years. WLWT now places #1 or #2 in all newscasts in the key adult demographics. Its website WLWT.com and mobile application are both #1 in users in Cincinnati.

Sources
Steve White (drummer)
In his 2007 book "Nemesis: The Battle for Japan, 1944–45" (also known as "Retribution" in the United States), the chapter on Australia's role in the last year of the Pacific War was criticised by the chief of the Returned and Services League of Australia and one of the historians at the Australian War Memorial for allegedly exaggerating discontent in the Australian Army during this period. Dan van der Vat in "The Guardian" called it "even-handed", "refreshing" and "sensitive", and praised the language used. "The Spectator" called it "brilliant" and praised his telling of the human side of the story.
Other than the goats, many other animals inhabit the area including Canadian geese, ducks, monarch butterflies, warblers, and bald eagles.
Random numbers typically go through several layers of hardware and software before they are used. Bits may be generated in a peripheral device, sent over a serial cable, collected in an operating system utility and retrieved by a system call. The subverted bits can be substituted at any point in this process with little likelihood of detection.
Kuklinski was born in the family apartment on Third Street in Jersey City, New Jersey, to Stanley Kuklinski, a Polish immigrant from Warsaw and a brakeman on the railroad, and Anna McNally, a daughter of Catholic Irish immigrants from Dublin, who worked in a meat-packing plant during Richard's childhood. 
International career.
Rose State College is a community college located in Midwest City, Oklahoma.
The species reaches a maximum recorded length of and a maximum recorded weight of . It can reach at least seven years of age, with reports of 15-year-old specimens observed in California habitats to which the species has been introduced. Typical lengths vary from , and weights vary from . Growth rates are dependent on season, age, water and ambient air temperatures, and flow rates. In general, flow rates affect the rate of change in the relationship between temperature and growth rate. For example in spring growth increased with temperature at a faster rate with high flow rates than with low flow rates.
He married Leila Stahl Buffett (d.1996); they had three children:
On December 21, 2011, in an interview on the CBS "Early Show", Diamond said that a magazine cover photo of Caroline Kennedy as a young child on a horse with her parents in the background created an image in his mind, and the rest of the song came together about five years after seeing the picture.
Houses.
<doc id="1250858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1250858" title="Glyn Mason, 2nd Baron Blackford">
No. 4353.
Mikołaj Hieronim Sieniawski (1645–1683) was a Polish noble (szlachcic), military leader, politician.
Chicago Seven.
Pepa returns to her home, which is a mess with a burnt bedroom, broken windows, a telephone ripped off the wall, spilled gazpacho on the floor, her collection of animals running around loose, and several unconscious visitors all overdosed on sleeping pills. Pepa sits on her balcony where Marisa has just woken up. The two women share a moment of tranquility at the end of a crazy 48 hours, and Pepa finally reveals what her big news for Iván was: she's pregnant.
Telugu - తెలుగు
Ł or ł, described in English as L with stroke, is a letter of the Polish, Kashubian, Sorbian, Łacinka (Latin Belarusian), Łatynka (Latin Ukrainian), Wymysorys, Navajo, Dene Suline, Inupiaq, Zuni, Hupa, and Dogrib alphabets, several proposed alphabets for the Venetian language, and the ISO 11940 romanization of the Thai alphabet. In Slavic languages, it represents the continuation of Proto-Slavic non-palatal "l" ("see dark L"). In most non-European languages, it represents a voiceless alveolar lateral fricative or similar sound.
Kirk Acevedo (born November 27, 1971) is an American actor. He is primarily known for his work on Television for the portrayals of Miguel Alvarez in the HBO series "Oz", Joe Toye in "Band of Brothers" and FBI Agent Charlie Francis in the science-fiction series "Fringe". His best-known films are "The Thin Red Line", "Dinner Rush" and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes".
Coburn was elected for Carleton—Gloucester in the provincial election of 1999, defeating Liberal Ren Danis by over 6,000 votes. This was considered a major upset. The riding had been solidly Liberal for many years, and most observers thought Danis would win an easy victory. Coburn's win may be attributed to personal popularity and a local issue: many residents saw construction workers from Quebec as a threat to local employment, and voted Tory to protest the situation.
The Hokkiens and Cantonese comprised 45% of the ethnic Chinese population. The Cantonese were originally dubbed "short sleeved jackets" because most migrants from Guangdong Province were artisans, wearing short-sleeve jackets, while most of the Hokkien were traders, wearing long-sleeved jackets. These names remain in use today. Hakkas are further subdivided into those with ancestry from Fujian Province and Guangdong Province, called "eingyi shay haka" () and "eingyi to haka" () respectively. The groups have different stereotypical associations. The Cantonese are commonly thought of as the poorest of the Chinese, the Hokkiens are stereotypically wealthier, occupying high positions in the economy, and having connections to the government.
As documented by authors Sheldon Rampton and John Stauber, it is becoming increasingly common for video news releases (VNR) to be created by government and corporations, mimicking TV news story-format, to be used straight into broadcasting in a newscast. Other factors include the cost of litigation. Large corporations tend to sue over any news that are against their interests, causing great expense for the news editors. Even if the litigation is lost, the cost of time and pressure will certainly bias a reporter towards avoiding such possibility.
In the absence of any other information regarding the safe's combination, a combination lock may be opened by dialing every possible combination. Many combination locks allow some "slop" in the settings of the dial, so that for a given safe it may be necessary only to try a subset of the combinations. Such "slops" may allow for a margin of error of plus or minus two digits, which means that trying multiples of five would be sufficient in this case. This drastically reduces the time required to exhaust the number of meaningful combinations. A further reduction in solving time is obtained by trying all possible settings for the last wheel for a given setting of the first wheels before nudging the next-to-last wheel to its next meaningful setting, instead of zeroing the lock each time with a number of turns in one direction.
In early 1948, he married Marion Edwards. They had a large family wedding in West L.A. The same year, Sweikert moved up to midget cars, and won his first training race with the Bay Cities Racing Association. He ran seventy two races that first BCRA season, finishing 14th out of 130 active members in the annual point standings.
PolyORB provides a uniform solution to build distributed applications relying either on middleware standards such as CORBA, the Ada 95 Distributed System Annex, SOAP, Web Services, or to implement application-specific middleware.
Jimmy Jackson (July 25, 1910 – November 24, 1984) was an American racecar driver from Indianapolis, Indiana.

Rationale.
<doc id="1252416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1252416" title="Droitwich Transmitting Station">
In the early 1930s the government helped develop Tūhoe land at both Ruatoki and Ruatahuna. It understood that, like many New Zealanders in the Great Depression, Tūhoe had hard times. In 1934 a teacher wrote that "they have no money apart from what is given by government as Family Allowances and Old Age Pensions". A 1936 report noted that land development at Maungapohatu Mountain (a Ringatu stronghold) "would be a social success if undertaken". The report pointed out that the venture would probably fail if Tūhoe were required to pay back both the interest and the capital. In 1937, after several other studies, the government decided that it was uneconomic to invest in roads or settlements. By this time, the isolated Maungapohatu settlement had collapsed anyway. 
Death and destruction.
Lima, Ohio Radio station WBKS-FM used the WLWD call letters when it was branded "Wild 93.9". The WLWD call letters are familiar in the Lima area since the WDTN signal reaches various portions of the Lima market either over the air or through cable carriage. Today, the WLWD call letters are used by a low-power television station in Springfield, Ohio, which is part of the Dayton, Ohio television market.
Model building as a hobby involves the creation of models either from kits or from materials and components acquired by the builder.
On 9 March 1998 a modern lighthouse near Kodaikorai Beach was commissioned.
A highly fictionalized account of his life can be found in "Carter Beats the Devil" (ISBN 0-7868-8632-3) by Glen David Gold.
