Veligandla
Pheasants and partridges.
Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots, and gallinules. Typically they inhabit dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs, and have long toes which are well adapted to soft, uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and be weak fliers. There are 143 species worldwide and 19 species which occur in Nigeria.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Paridae

<doc id="10929554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10929554" title="Sankt Martin, Lower Austria">
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Rostratulidae
Hoopoes.
Cuckoo-shrikes.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Phalacrocoracidae
Skimmers.
Wattle-eyes.
Guineafowl are a group of African, seed-eating, ground-nesting birds that resemble partridges, but with featherless heads and spangled grey plumage. There are 6 species worldwide and 3 species which occur in Somalia.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Cisticolidae
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Ciconiidae
Typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk. There are 195 species worldwide and 9 species which occur in Burundi.
Hornbills.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Ploceidae
The Phalacrocoracidae is a family of medium-to-large coastal, fish-eating sea-birds that includes cormorants and shags. Plumage colouration varies with the majority having mainly dark plumage, some species being black and white, and a few being colourful. There are 38 species worldwide and 5 species which occur in Namibia.
Hoopoes have black, white and orangey-pink colouring with a large erectile crest on their head. There are 2 species worldwide and 1 species which occurs in Botswana.
__NOTOC__
Thick-knees.
Order: Falconiformes. Family: Falconidae
Haldorsen was best known for starting the Rubb Group in Norway in 1968. Rubb Group was named for his home town of Rubbestadneset. Haldorsen's goal was to build a fabric covered building that would withstand the harsh Norwegian climate. His success with this effort lead to him moving to England to start Rubb Buildings Ltd. in 1977. When this company was firmly established under the leadership of Bill Wood, he moved to Maine, and established Rubb Inc. in the United States which today is under the leadership of David C. Nickerson.
Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds. Their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen. There are 125 species worldwide and 3 species which occur in the Seychelles.
Jacanas.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Laniidae
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Recurvirostridae
Order: Podicipediformes. Family: Podicipedidae
Jean-Claude Piumi (27 May 1940 – 24 March 1996) was a French former football defender.
Slide on This is the title of Ronnie Wood's fifth solo album. It failed to chart in US, but went to sell 58,000 copies there according to Soundscan. In Japan, it charted for four weeks in the top 100, reaching #54 and selling 21,000 copies. The final track, "Breathe On Me", is a remake from a song that originally appeared on Wood's 1975 solo album, "Now Look".
Order: Piciformes. Family: Picidae
The Monaco Music Film Festival is held annually in Monte Carlo. The first festival was held in 2006. The festivals mission is to celebrate film and the music of film. The festival focuses on the International and European premiers of feature films with a strong musical element. The 2007 festival will be held from May 17 to May 19.
The Old World orioles are colourful passerine birds, not closely related to the New World orioles. 
The Times-Union Center for the Performing Arts in Jacksonville, Florida was the recipient of a $2 million Moran donation in 1996 which funded a complete renovation of what was the original Civic Auditorium, which was transformed into a showplace with new balconies, a complete reconfiguration of seating, new ceiling and state-of-the-art sound system. Equipped for Broadway touring shows, with a seating capacity of 3,000, this theater gives residents a venue to see classic Broadway productions. It was named the "Jim and Jan Moran Theater".
The Threskiornithidae is a family of large terrestrial and wading birds which includes the ibises and spoonbills. They have long, broad wings with 11 primary and about 20 secondary feathers. They are strong fliers and despite their size and weight, very capable soarers. There are 36 species worldwide and 4 species which occur in the Philippines.

The Stations of the Cross represent the stages leading up to Jesus' death. They consist of 14 specific events that occurred before Jesus was crucified and later rose from the dead. These 14 events are shown through 14 pictures that represent each moment. They are a way to relive and remember what happened. At the Cross in the Woods Parish, the Stations of the Cross are located outside, incorporated into the pine forest on the Shrine grounds. The main emphasis in this area is a statue of the resurrected Jesus or the fifteenth Station of the Cross.
Debris.
