Early years.
National situation before the war.

Summer rains producing axle-deep mud were but part of the problem. She noted while marking the Oregon Trail in Western Wyoming with Civil War veteran and former bullwhacker H.G. Nickerson that she traveled:
The calculation can be done for different periods. 
Early years.
Most freight was for the rural hinterland, but along the SOL there were coal mines near Ohura and Tangarakau, and also sawmills. One freight train operated each weeknight each way along the line carrying freight between New Plymouth and Auckland, interchanging at Taumarunui. In recent years the deferred maintenance issues meant these services operated under heavy speed restrictions.
won against Elibert Cova (VEN) walkover, semifinal
4WD
McBrien was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council in 1943 as an Independent member for the province of Melbourne North. He served as commissioner of public works and vice-president of the Board of Land and Works in Ian MacFarlan's short-lived ministry in 1945. One of his chief commitments was to campaign for the rehabilitation of returned servicemen. In 1949 he was defeated in the elections for the Legislative Council.
Subspecies.
Halliste -
<doc id="9627896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9627896" title="Herbert Guðmundsson">
Baba created several bandishes (compositions) based on Indian Ragas. He also taught western tunes to his students so that Europeans visiting the Court could be entertained. He started with eighteen artists. The band kept to the same number although after retirements, only ten artists remain. Some of them gave solo recitals.
American union leaders, aspiring to represent employees of Tesco's Fresh & Easy brand, have complained that a "stark contrast" exists between the way the supermarket chain treats its British workers and staff at its US business.
Baltimore Shomrim was founded in 2005 in response to a rash of burglaries in the city's Orthodox Jewish community. In its first five years, the organization received over 4,600 calls for assistance. Members – generally local Orthodox businessmen and shopkeepers – wear matching jackets and carry two-way radios. The organization divides the area under surveillance into quadrants and responds quickly to all calls. Among the calls for help are bicycle thefts, missing children, and suicide attempts.
The German lepidopterist Hans Fruhstorfer had this to say
Henry Lawes Luttrell, 2nd Earl of Carhampton (born 1743, died 1821) was the son of Simon, 6th Lord Luttrell of Luttrellstown. He served as a Member of Parliament for Bossiney in 1768, and subsequently was Adjutant General of Ireland, where he became notorious for his role in suppressing the Irish Rebellion of 1798. He was so hated that he sold Luttrellstown Castle in 1800, but in a revenge attack the grave of his grandfather Colonel Henry Luttrell (died 1717) was opened and the skull smashed. His 'popularity' in Ireland is encapsulated by an incident in which the "Dublin Post" of 2 May 1811 reported his death. Luttrell demanded a retraction, which the newspaper printed, but it appeared under the headline "Public Disappointment" . Luttrell was an absentee landlord who also owned an estate in the West Indies but resided at Painshill Park in Surrey, England.
All songs written by Jason Molina.
Information Based Architecture (IBA) is a partnership between architects Mark Hemel and Barbara Kuit, set up in London in 1998. 

Carl-Michael Eide recorded the drums for the album prior to an accident that left his legs paralyzed.
<doc id="9631347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631347" title="Belson Stadium">
Dabbasheth
