"Tolkien Studies: An Annual Scholarly Review" is an academic journal publishing papers on the works of J. R. R. Tolkien and edited by Douglas A. Anderson, Michael D. C. Drout, and Verlyn Flieger. It states that it is the first scholarly journal published by an academic press in the area of Tolkien research (at least in the English area).

The school has established multiple partnerships with more than forty universities located in 30 countries.
In 1940, he appeared in the film version of "Abe Lincoln in Illinois". For the next four decades, he appeared in dozens of supporting film roles, including "The Seventh Cross" and "Rhapsody in Blue", the film biography of George Gershwin, in which he portrayed Ira Gershwin. He also appeared in "A Walk in the Sun", in which he played a World War II sergeant who experiences a psychological breakdown in combat; "Joan of Arc"; and "The Young Lions", in which he played an unsympathetic Army officer.
She was one of the six children of the stockbroker and U.S. amateur court tennis champion Stanley Grafton Mortimer (a descendant of the first chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court, John Jay) and Kathleen Tilford. Through her mother she was the granddaughter of Henry Morgan Tilford, who was a president of Standard Oil Company and a resident of Tuxedo Park, NY. Her brother Stanley Grafton Mortimer Jr. (1913–1999) married firstly socialite Babe Paley and then Kathleen H. Harriman, the daughter of W. Averell Harriman. 
Major general Reinhart received a lot of military decorations during his career. He also became an honorary member of the Russian Guards.
"Caenorhabditis" occupy various nutrient and bacteria rich environments. They do not form self-sustaining populations in soil, as it lacks enough organic matter. Juvenile worms and also dauer larvae can be transported by invertebrates including millipedes, insects, isopods, and gastropods. Some species also appear to be associated with vertebrates including zebu cattle, although the nature of this association is not clear. The species can be classified as 'phoretic' or 'necromenic' based on their relationships to their invertebrate hosts. A phoretic worm rides on the host until it finds a favorable environment, and then leaves. A necromenic worm waits for the host to die, and lives on the bacteria which thrive in the dead animal. Many species are capable of both phoretic and necromenic lifestyles.
