Socialism or Barbarism is a concept frequently used in Marxist thought and literature. Attributed to Friedrich Engels, it became widely known through Rosa Luxemburg's "Junius Pamphlet" of 1916, where she wrote "Bourgeois society stands at the crossroads, either transition to Socialism or regression into Barbarism." 
The temple was constructed by the Pallavas in 750 A.D. and later renovated by Cholas and Vijayanagars. Construction may have commenced even earlier, from the evidence provided by the building materials. The architectural design is highly advanced. The temple is a three-storey building, constructed in such a way that devotees can’t walk above the deities. 
Afrikaans

The ""Theatrum Florae"" was originally published in Paris in 1622, with later editions in 1627 and 1633, and was a collection of botanical illustrations of 69 of the most striking plants then available, and which Rabel had been commissioned to paint for Gaston of Orléans. Other artists later added their work, notably Nicolas Robert (1614-1685). The plates eventually numbered over 6000 and are kept in the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris. There is some doubt among scholars as to whether Rabel engraved the original 69 plates, as none of them is signed and his name only appears on the title of the third edition. By the end of the 1700s they were generally assumed to have been done by Emanuel Sweert.
In addition to vasodilation, the effects of relaxin are also seen in the kidneys, by significantly increasing creatinine clearance, which is a measure of kidney function, as well as increased renal blood flow.
Irish protests
Discovery.
All the regional divisions of WHO were created between 1949 and 1952. They are based on article 44 of WHO's constitution, which allows the WHA to "establish a regional organization to meet the special needs of [each defined area". Many decisions are made at regional level, including importance discussions over WHO's budget, and in deciding the members of the next assembly, which are designated by the regions.
Griffin then published two volumes focusing on Bob Dylan. "Million Dollar Bash: Bob Dylan, The Band, and The Basement Tapes" appeared in 2007 (Jawbone Press), followed by "Shelter from the Storm" in 2010 (Jawbone Press). The garage rock journal "Ugly Things", in a review of "Million Dollar Bash", called Griffin as “an Aesop-meets-Rabelais” storyteller. In addition, Griffin has written booklet essays for numerous albums and contributed to such publications as "Mojo", "Q", "NME", "Rock ’n’ Reel", and the "Manchester Guardian". He is also the co-author of the BBC television documentary "Gram Parsons: Fallen Angel". 
Press.

That portion of the NTSC color TV signal that contains the color information.
