Amber
History.
Anti-tank mines have played an important role in most wars fought since they were first used.
Traditional music (known in Bislama as "kastom singsing" or "kastom tanis") is still thriving in the rural areas of Vanuatu. Musical instruments consist mostly of idiophones: drums of various shape and size, slit gongs, as well as rattles, among others. In various regions, aerophones, such as, conch shells, whistles or bamboo flutes, are (or used to be) played. Membranophones and chordophones were also found in some areas, but have fallen into disuse during colonial times. The large slit gongs which symbolize Vanuatu belong to these traditional instruments; they were most often used as musical drums to accompany certain dances, but also sometimes – though seldom – as a ritual means of communication; although widespread throughout Vanuatu, they are used vertically only in central areas of the archipelago (mainly on Ambrym). So-called "traditional music" is actually a very general cover term encompassing a wide and complex variety of musical genres known by every local community – in a way very similar to the vague term "classical music" of Western societies.
He did not seek re-election in 2007.
Also see List of long track speed skaters.
"Halloween Haunt at ValleySCARE!", is a Halloween event put on by Valleyfair that started in 2006. Originally, Valleyfair operated HalloWeekends from 1998 to 2000 on weekends in September with a single haunted house, the Haunted Opera House. The name was changed after it reinstated the event six years later with an expanded schedule, and more theming and haunted areas. Planet Spooky is open during the day time and features a number of activities and rides that are family-friendly. After the sun sets, The Haunt takes over the park with haunted houses, outdoor mazes, scare zones, and entertainment.
Technologies used for Internet television.
Death.
41. David Malouf - "The Happy Life: The Search for Contentment in the Modern World" (2011)
Poetry
Unlike Olympic wrestling, oil wrestling matches may be won by achieving an effective hold of the kisbet. Thus, the pehlivan aims to control his opponent by putting his arm through the latter's kisbet. To win by this move is called "paça kazık". Originally, matches had no set duration and could go on for one or two days until one man was able to establish his superiority, but in 1975 the duration was capped at 40 minutes for the baspehlivan and 30 minutes for the pehlivan category. If there is no winner, play continues for another 15 minutes—10 minutes for the pehlivan category, wherein scores are kept to determine the victor.
The city of Munich, Germany has forked Ubuntu 10.04 LTS and created LiMux for use on the city's computers. After originally planning to migrate 12,000 desktop computer to LiMux, it was announced in December 2013 that the project had completed successfully with the migration of 14,800 out of 15,500 desktop computers.
<doc id="990372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=990372" title="Nachtigal">
Besides that, Sibu also has many private medical centres and clinics to serve the healthcare needs of the town people. The most notable medical centres are Rejang Medical Centre and Sibu Specialist Medical Centre.
Colonial period may generally refer to any period in a country's history when it was subject to administration by a colonial power.

United States.


When calculating the WMA across successive values, the difference between the numerators of WMA"M"+1 and WMAM is "np""M"+1 − "p"M − ⋅⋅⋅ − "p""M"−n+1. If we denote the sum "p"M + ⋅⋅⋅ + "p""M"−"n"+1 by TotalM, then
Simon, earl of Leicester, became leader of those who wanted to reassert the Magna Carta and force the king to surrender more power to the baronial council. In 1258, initiating the move toward reform, seven leading barons forced Henry to agree to the Provisions of Oxford, which effectively abolished the absolutist Anglo-Norman monarchy, giving power to a council of twenty-four barons to deal with the business of government and providing for a great council in the form of a parliament every three years, to monitor their performance. 
The San Francisco Bay View National Black Newspaper is an online and print newspaper, published in San Francisco, California. It covers events from an African-American perspective, with a focus on Black liberation and coverage of worldwide racial inequality and political repression. From its founding in 1976 until 2008, the paper's distribution in its print edition extended to the larger San Francisco Bay Area. Its name refers to the Bayview-Hunters Point neighborhood.
Linford has also recorded and released three solo projects composed of home-recorded acoustic, piano-based music.
Either of the last two rules may be used, depending on which is easier to perform. They correspond to the rule "subtract twice the last digit from the rest".
friend Karl Hans Strobl, Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer and Ewers himself.
Europe.
Andrew Leipus (born 9 January 1970, Adelaide, Australia) is a physiotherapist. 
The local Gaelic Athletic Association are the Bantry Blues. The area also has a golf club (Bantry Bay Golf Club), a sailing club (Bantry Bay Sailing Club), rugby union and rowing clubs.
The North Carolina Department of Transportation has proposed to build additional travel and auxiliary lanes along the southern section of I-485 between US 521/Johnston Road (exit 61) and I-77/US 21 (exit 67). Construction is currently scheduled to begin in 2012. On November 18, 2011, it was reported in the local news that NCDOT is considering adding another toll lane along the current project, making it eight travel lanes and extend the widening project from four to six travel lanes from Providence Road (exit 57) to US 521/Johnston Road (exit 61). The new toll lane would use the electronic toll collection system, same as used on the Triangle Expressway. It is unknown at this time if it will be a toll only lane or a HOT lane.
Nutritional highlights.
Career.
Until the 1840s (with an exception in 1785-1790), the official language of county administration was Latin. In 1840, the deputy county head ("alispán", Ger. "Vicegespann" or "Vizegespan") was described as "the personage of the most importance in the county", having duties similar to an English sheriff but also presiding over the county court of justice. (The "Obergespann", theoretically his susperior, was usually a nobleman, who would commonly be in Vienna or Pesth and thus have little time for local affairs.) Furthermore, the "Vicegespann" presided over the county assembly, which had as late as 1840 a long list of powers, ranging from police regulations to tax, to improvements on bridges and roads.
During this period, Kingdom of Croatia, Kingdom of Slavonia, and the Voivodeship of Serbia and Banatus Temesiensis (Szerb vajdaság és Temesi bánság) were separated from the Kingdom of Hungary and directly subordinated to Vienna (Austria). The remaining territory of the Kingdom of Hungary (which did not include Transylvania at that time) was divided into 5 Districts:
On June 25, 1528, the expedition entered Apalachee territory. Finding a community of forty houses, they thought it was the capital, but it was a small outlying village of a much larger culture. The Spanish attacked, took several hostages including the village's "cacique", and occupied the village. Although the villagers had none of the gold and riches Narváez was expecting, they did have much maize.
Recent versions tend to take the following form:
Technical.
NGC 188 is very close to the North Celestial Pole, under five degrees away, and in the constellation of Cepheus at an estimated 5,000 light year distance, this puts it slightly above the Milky Way's disc and further from the center of the galaxy than the Sun.
The current Payson High School was built in 1967 as both a high school and community bomb shelter during the cold war and has a current student enrollment of just over 1000 students in grades 10 through 12. Payson High School was also a site for the filming of the 1984 film Footloose, as is much of the surrounding Payson area.
References.
