In 1979, the Nimbin community staged the "Battle for Terania Creek" to protect the remaining local rainforest. As a result the N.S.W. government imposed a "no rainforest logging" policy covering the entire state, the world’s first government legislation to protect rainforest.
The pre-war European car market was not one market. Trade barriers fragmented it into national markets, apart from luxury cars where the extra cost of tariffs could actually make cars more exclusive and desirable. The only way for a car maker to enter another national market of a major European car making country, (and their colonial markets of the time), was to open factories there. For example, Citroen and Renault opened factories in England in this period. This situation only really changed with the post-war growth of the EEC (European Community) and EFTA. The British RAC (Royal Automobile Club) horsepower taxation system had the secondary function of excluding foreign vehicles. It was specifically targeted at the Ford Model T, which the then government feared would wipe out the fledgling indigenous motor industry. It crippled car engine design in Britain in the inter-war period, causing British car makers to produce under-square, low revving, long stroke engines. It was abolished after World War II as part of the British export drive for desperately needed, hard foreign currency, because it made British cars uncompetitive internationally. The technologically conservative 1930s Morris Eight, Ford Eight (Ford Model Y which was related to the German Ford Köln), and Standard Eight (Standard, later became Triumph) were named after their RAC horsepower car tax rating.
<doc id="816581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=816581" title="Birkbeck station">
The rank of officer cadet is held by those undergoing either the Regular Commissioning Course at Sandhurst or the Territorial Army Commissioning Course holding an AOSB main board pass. The Territorial Army Commissioning Course is administered by Sandhurst but run in modules divided between Sandhurst and Territorial Army Regional Training Centres. Until the Second World War, cadets at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst were referred to as gentleman cadets. 
Most of Chester's 15,405 students are from the UK, with a quarter being mature students. There are twice as many female students as male (partially due to the number of nursing, midwifery and teaching students). The small number of foreign students are mainly participants in the university's active exchange policy. 

Manor House tube station
Herz taught at the Conservatoire between 1842–74. Of his pupils, only Marie-Aimée Roger-Miclos (1860-1950) recorded, in the early 1900s, for Dischi Fonotipia.
Several models were introduced at the time with VIA C7-M ULV processors that ranged from 1.2 GHz, 1.5 GHz, and 1.6 GHz, choice of 512MB or 1GB of RAM, and choice of hard drive. In the solid state drive (SSD) category a 32 or a 64 GB are available, or standard HD choices are from 60 to 120 GB. Also included is Bluetooth 2.0, 802.11a/b/g WiFi, USB 2.0, a 3.5 mm x 1 line out/line in audio jack and an HDMI-out port. The model 02 also offered optional integrated EV-DO mobile broadband with choice of Verizon or Sprint as service provider.
Definitions.

Production.
Transport.
It is one of 19 stations managed by Network Rail. It is the northern limit of the East Coast Main Line to Network Rail infrastructure definition, but through-services operate to Glasgow, Dundee, Aberdeen, Perth and Inverness.
<doc id="818937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=818937" title="John L. Sullivan (United States Navy)">
County Connection
Buckley and his producer, Warren Steibel, used various methods over the years of bringing an extra perspective to the show. In the early years there would often be a panel of questioners. In 1977 the panel was replaced by an "examiner" who played a larger part in the proceedings. Examiners varied, with Jeff Greenfield, Michael Kinsley, Harriet Pilpel, and Mark J. Green appearing most frequently. When the show was shortened to 30 minutes in 1988, the role of examiner was eliminated, but there was often a moderator, whose role was similar to that of the moderator in a formal debate. The moderator would introduce both host and guest, and then ask the opening question.
Konishiki retained his "ōzeki" ranking for 39 tournaments over more than six years, but he eventually lost it in November 1993 after two consecutive losing records. However, he continued to compete in the top division as a "maegashira" for another four years. Now weighing over 600 lbs, he was now very susceptible to belt throws and slap downs by lighter and more agile opponents. Ironically, even though he enjoyed less success, he became progressively more popular with Japanese fans due to his continuous fighting spirit, distinctive bulk and amiable personality. In November 1997, he faced demotion to the second "jūryō" division and announced his retirement after 15 years in sumo. He had spent 81 consecutive tournaments in the top division and won 649 bouts there.
Hammedatha was an Agagite and the father of Haman (see ).

The third Test was Woodfull's first at his home ground in Melbourne, and despite scoring 107 in the second innings, the tourists won by three wickets in front of Test world record crowd. Woodfull made only one and 30 as Australia fell short by 12 runs in the fourth Test in Adelaide, but ended the season on a high.
