!rowspan="2" colspan="2" align=center|Party
First preservation attempts with the Buxton Steam Centre.
Reception.
Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj an-Naysaburi relates that the Islamic prophet Muhammad used to read Surah 87 (Al-Ala) and Surah 88, (Al-Ghashiya), in Eid Prayers and also in Friday prayers. If one of the festivals fell on a Friday, the Prophet would have made sure to read these two Surahs in the prayers.
Aigeira () () is a town and a former municipality in northeastern Achaea, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Aigialeia, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit stretches from the Gulf of Corinth, where the town Aigeira is located, to the mountains in the south. The town Aigeira is southeast of Aigio, northwest of Corinth and east of Patras. The Greek National Road 8A (E65 Corinth - Patras) and the railway Corinth - Patras run through the town.
1967 saw the introduction of the Metropolitano and Nacional system, Argentinos struggled to adapt and only just survived relegation from the Metropolitano in the inaugural season. Over the next few seasons Argentinos had to play in several short tournaments to earn the right to stay in the Metropolitano and were far from qualifying to play in the Nacional.
Awards.

<doc id="1163236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1163236" title="Capelinhos">
Albert died at Klosterneuburg, Lower Austria, in 1404. He is buried in the Ducal Crypt in the Stephansdom in Vienna. He was succeeded by his son Albert. Through his maternal grandmother, Elisabeth of Meissen, Albert IV descended from Babenberg dukes of Austria.
Fannett, Texas
<doc id="1163619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1163619" title="Feingold">
In December 2001, the Community Justice Group assisted a five-day investigation by a team of Queensland police and Department of Families officers. The investigation discreetly collected information from islanders about suspected child sexual abuse in the community, resulting in a number of arrests. The investigation was accompanied by a series of allegations suggesting that almost 100% of girls between 13 and 16 years old had contracted sexually transmitted diseases. It was also alleged that girls as young as 12 had been trading sex for cigarettes and alcohol and that children as young as five were being molested.
