Saskatchewan.

This list should be carefully maintained, and adding or deleting a name without first discussing the change on the article's talk page is likely to be reverted. This list should contain the names of persons who meet Wikipedia's Notability criteria, even if the person does not have an article yet. Additions to the list must be listed in alphabetical order by first name, where applicable and must provide a reliable verifiable source which cites the person's notability, otherwise it will be removed.
Rhino (disambiguation)
Ufa is a donor of the republic's and federal budgets. About 62.8% of tax revenues accumulated on the territory of Ufa City municipal district of Bashkortostan Republic are directed to the federal budget and 29% to the republic's budget.
It is nicknamed the “pearl of the Papaloapan.”
Synopsis.
Special livery aircraft.
Archer serves as a co-chair of the National Transportation Policy Project at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
Malton Renegades ran a very successful minor lacrosse program however it also folded in 1982 when they joined with Erindale, Cawthra to form Mississauga Minor lacrosse. Clarkson, the last remaining separate minor club within the City limits would also join in the late 80's. A Jr "C" team also played out of the Malton Arena for a number of years.
Redemptioner
Another type of sentence is what has been called an ergative structure, where the apparent subject of the verb can move to object position; the empty subject position is then often occupied by an expression of location (compare locative inversion in English). This structure is typical of the verb 有 "yǒu" (meaning "there is/are"; in other contexts the same verb means "have"), but it can also be used with many other verbs, generally denoting position, appearance or disappearance. An example:
Despite these limitations, the CD still has some superior technologies. The Alderson and Fusion drives propel starships to other star systems. Fusion power plants supply energy, and medical research has developed regeneration technology. Soldiers are equipped with precise, cheap, and handheld anti-aircraft weaponry, light-amplification goggles, and the effective Nemourlon body armor. Anti-satellite rockets that can be used by a military force lacking advanced technology have been developed as well.
