The Bedford Lunatic Asylum was built in 1812, and was the second of its kind in England. It was open for 48 years and closed in 1860 because the asylum was not improving its patients' health.

Larry Stewart
In order to achieve noticeable material strengthening via solute solution strengthening one should alloy with solutes of higher shear modulus, hence increasing the local shear modulus in the material. In addition, one should alloy with elements of different equilibrium lattice constants. The greater the difference in lattice parameter, the higher the local stress fields introduced by alloying. 



"Another World".
<doc id="8293928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8293928" title="Juan Epitié Dyowe">
Post-swimming career.
Squadrons
The Kasinadhuni family Residence was a beautiful and famous building situated at 103, Luz Church Road, Madras. The house became a centre of patriotic activity with the visit of Mahatma Gandhi on 23 and 24 December 1932.
In these years Milne published a translation of the Sacred Edict of the Kangxi Emperor. His 1819 tract "The Two Friends" became the most widely used Chinese Christian tract until the early twentieth century. Milne was remarkably prolific for one who came to literary work so late in life, and twenty-one Chinese works are attributed to him. Several were of substantial length; one was the "Chinese Monthly Magazine" (察世俗每月統記傳 Chashisu Meiyue Tongjizhuan), the first Chinese language magazine in the modern sense of the word; that ran from 1815 to 1822 and totaled several hundred pages. In addition, he produced two substantial books and a Malacca periodical in English.
Nick Vera has a side storyline in this episode providing comic relief. It involves a single black mother, nurse Toni Jameson, and her son Andre Halstead. Vera steals the Andre's basketball as the teenager annoys Vera by playing with his basketball at the most inopportune moments, right outside his window. Jameson personally goes down to Vera's department to demand the ball back and they end up quarreling. Jameson fails to retrieve the ball and leaves angrily, asking Vera to "grow up". Later, Vera arrives in front of Jameson's doorstep with a new basketball and apologizes to her. Jameson then gets Andre to receive the basketball personally and ends up apologizing back to Vera instead for her son's rudeness and sarcasm. The two patch up moments later. At the final sequence which sums up the episode, the two of them are seen carrying groceries back to their apartment together with a surprised Andre appearing before them, making Vera very awkward.
Dellacqua took the rest of the tour year off and missed the 2011 Australian Open due to another surgery.
<BR>
<doc id="8296177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8296177" title="Pierre Seron">
4. Teach youth theoretical background on behavior change peer education, group dynamics and co facilitation.
York House is a popular venue for weddings and other functions, also having on-site catering and a licensed bar available for hire.

Internet leak.
Capricornio
"A shocking affair occurred at the Harleston Railway Station on Monday Morning. An elderly man named Henry Baxter, living at Harleston, was trespassing in the station yard, and while leaning against the new cattle pen walls, next to the metals, was accidentally killed, being crushed against the wall by a Ballast Train, which was shunting. An inquest was held at the Railway Tavern on Monday Afternoon, before H.E Garrod, Esq., of Diss, coroner, and a verdict of "Accidental Death" Returned."

Jim Mitchell (cartoonist)
The Harley-Davidson Motor Company's corporate archives are also housed on the museum's grounds. The archives supplied more than 85% of the items on display in the museum. Since 1915, the company's founders decided to pull one bike from the production line to be preserved in an archive.
The story was later attributed to the Irish author Oliver Goldsmith, though this is disputed. Because Goldsmith frequently wrote for pay, and because of his copious fiction in essays (e.g., "The Bee" and "Citizen of the World"), the attribution to Goldsmith is plausible. Washington Irving was one supporter of Goldsmith's authoring the book; he said: "Several quaint little tales introduced in Goldsmith's Essays show that he had a turn for this species of mock history; and the advertisement and title-page bear the stamp of his sly and playful humor." However, the book has also been attributed to Newbery himself and to Giles Jones, a friend of Newbery's. "Booksellers" (publishers) such as Newbery would frequently pay authors for anonymous work, and there can be no certain attribution.
The Feistritz Saddle (, el. 1298 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the "Bundesländer" of Lower Austria and Styria.
— After considering the multitude of the factors, which are independent of the constitutional state and substantiate the special position of the class of craftsmen in the whole economy (e.g. turnover, number of employees, promotion of young people for the trade and industry, significance for the medium scale industry and the social set-up), the Honorable court came to the conclusion that these public interests constitute community goods of such high value that they justify a restriction on the free choice of profession.
Karl, Ernie, and Cyrus Chunt are a trio of sibling cannibals who find Starr after his helicopter crashes in the desert following the battle in Monument Valley. Karl and Ernie eat and cook people they find; when Starr regains consciousness, they have already eaten his leg. Cyrus is mentally handicapped and unable to communicate, but asks Starr to wipe his anus after defecating through actions and the word "wub." Starr uses this moment as an opportunity to steal Cyrus' gun and use it to kill the trio.
Goodblood joined the Army from Burnham, Maine in 1947.
Synopsis.
It has appeared in a number of films and television programs:

KATA may refer to:
Monckton asserts that the House of Lords Act 1999, that deprived him of a hereditary seat, is flawed and unconstitutional. In 2006 he referred to himself as "a member of the Upper House of the United Kingdom legislature" in a letter to US Senators, and has also claimed to be "a member of the Upper House but without the right to sit or vote." The House of Lords authorities have said Monckton is not and never has been a member and that there is no such thing as a non-voting or honorary member of the House.
<doc id="8303053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8303053" title="Henry XV, Duke of Bavaria">
Cavan Cola
Kirklees Metropolitan Borough Council is the local authority of the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees in West Yorkshire, England. It is a metropolitan district council, one of five in West Yorkshire and one of 36 in the metropolitan counties of England, and provides the majority of local government services in Kirklees. Since 1 April 2014 it has been a constituent council of the West Yorkshire Combined Authority.
Doug MacGregor
The Kempt and Matapedia Roads.
Logan High School is a public high school in La Crosse, Wisconsin operated by the School District of La Crosse.
He was the second son of the 3rd Earl of Carlisle and Lady Anne de Vere Capell, daughter of the 1st Earl of Essex. Howard was a Groom of the Bedchamber from 1714 to 1727 and Member of Parliament (MP) for Carlisle from 1727 to 1761.

Kerry Madden
With his law firm's office in Newport, Oregon, Barton is listed in three categories of the Best Lawyers in America: Medical Malpractice Law, Non-White-Collar Criminal Defense, and Personal Injury Litigation. William Barton is a past president of the Oregon Chapter of the American Board of Trial Advocates, past governor of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (ATLA), a fellow in the International Society of Barristers, former president of the Oregon Trial Lawyers, fellow of the International Academy of Trial Lawyers, and a past president of the Western Trial Lawyers.
The original Global Games were titled "Summer Games" to match the Olympics being held in London, UK. July 2012 saw 5 national teams from around the world compete in this first international tournament run by the IQA, taking place in University Parks, Oxford, England. The five teams were from the USA, Canada, France, UK, and Australia.
On 24 August 1939 Our Chalet was full of Guides from all over Europe. A group of Guides set out for nearby Kandersteg, but the clouds of war compelled Falk to recall them, as she was responsible for their safe return. An all-out effort managed to return the Guides by 4 pm, despite significant protests. Falk's concerns were shown to be well-founded when World War II broke out eight days later. Our Chalet's staff quickly set upon the often difficult task of returning guests/ tourists to their home countries.
Online texts.
Nemoianu was born on March 12, 1940, in Bucharest, Romania. His father was a lawyer. Of his two grandfathers one was a colonel in the military and conservative statesman, the other a medical doctor. The origin of both sides of the family was the Banat (a southwestern province of Romania), where Virgil Nemoianu spent his elementary school years and all summers until he was 20). These early years and the influence of his grandparents marked all his life with a deep commitment to Central Europe, its values, and its archaic and “idyllic” customs. In 1949 Nemoianu returned to Bucharest, graduated from the elite Titu Maiorescu High School in 1956 and obtained a college degree in English language and literature from the University of Bucharest in 1961. Many of his elder relatives (including his father) suffered longer or shorter periods of imprisonment at the hands of the Communist dictatorship. One uncle died in jail, another was executed.
The Auroral Display in Boston
Subsequently local sources are clear that he began to be viewed as a credible leader and overshadowed the actual king and came to be considered as the real power.
