The Vidraru Hydro Power Plant has an installed capacity of 220 MW.
Darbhangā is a municipal corporation and the town of old Darbhanga Raj and present headquarters of Darbhanga district and Darbhanga Division in the state of Bihar, India. Darbhanga is 5th largest city of Bihar & has been developing rapidly. After Patna Darbhanga is big medical hub of Bihar and border cities of Nepal as well. It is one of the most important district and big city of north Bihar situated in the very heart of Mithilanchal. Darbhanga is also the headquarters of Darbhanga division. Darbhanga has a big market and trading centre in North Bihar. According to the latest 2011 census, the total population of the district is 3,921,971, of which about 91.30% live in rural areas. There are 511,125 people in scheduled castes, while there are only 841 people in scheduled tribes; together, they account for 15.53% of the total population. The total male population is 2,053,043, with the female population being 1,868,928. The population density is as high as 1,721 per km2 and the sex ratio is 910. 290,889 families were below the poverty line, with 1,745,334 people (66.28% of the population).
Numerous other police officers arrived at the arrest scene, and after a short, initially violent, interrogation, Knight was driven in an unmarked police car to the St Kilda Road Police Complex by Detective Senior Constable Richard McIntosh, Detective Senior Constable Kim Cox and Constable Robert Kovacs.
Commuter services go to (1) Maynooth and the western suburbs, (2) Balbriggan, Drogheda and Dundalk on the former GNR(I) main line and (3) Arklow and Rosslare Europort.
It consists of a bar that is held in place in the wearer's mouth by straps or other device. Unlike the metal bit that is most common in horse bridles, the bar of a bit gag is usually a soft rubber cylinder. It is not very effective in preventing speech, unless combined with mouth stuffing, although it will make it somewhat more difficult for the wearer to produce coherent speech. Occasionally reins are attached. Because of the possibility of injury to the lips, the bit gag is not suitable for rough play.
Exponentiating both sides of the formula for formula_129 yields
<doc id="1208607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1208607" title="Zenith (comics)">

Ireland failed to qualify for Euro 92, despite going through their group unbeaten. Aldridge scored 3 times in qualification, all 3 goals coming in Ireland's opening 5–0 win over Turkey at Lansdowne Road. Despite this setback, Aldridge helped Ireland to qualify for the 1994 World Cup: he scored 6 times in qualifying including a hat-trick in a 4–0 win over Latvia.
For the next twelve years he traveled, refusing to stay in one place more than six months, and worked his way through the countries of West Africa, into Europe, and finally, in the mid-1960s, found a boat to Greenland. All the while, he taught himself languages through correspondence courses and made an endless number of friends through his skills as a story-teller and natural charm. The story of his adventures in Greenland can be found in his book, published in France in 1977, "An African in Greenland". 
CEMEX operates in 50 countries around the world, including:

Wnt signaling is also involved in another key migration process known as the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). This process is what allows epithelial cells to transform into mesenchymal cells so that they are no longer held in place at the laminin. It involves a down-regulation of cadherins so that cells can detach from laminin and migrate. Wnt signaling is an inducer of EMT, particularly in mammary development.
The later structural changes of trachoma are referred to as “cicatricial trachoma”. These include scarring in the eyelid (tarsal conjunctiva) that leads to distortion of the eyelid with buckling of the lid (tarsus) so the lashes rub on the eye (trichiasis). These lashes will lead to corneal opacities and scarring and then to blindness. Linear scar present in the Sulcus subtarsalis is called Arlt's line (named after Carl Ferdinand von Arlt). In addition, blood vessels and scar tissue can invade the upper cornea (pannus). Resolved limbal follicles may leave small gaps in pannus (Herbert’s Pits).
The navigation lock on the third channel was, when built, among the 100 largest in the world. The lock chamber is long and wide, with a minimum draft of at the sill. It provides passage for 10,000 ton ships.
Breadboxes are thus designed to: 
If paraneoplastic pemphigus is diagnosed with pulmonary disease, a powerful cocktail of immune suppressant drugs is sometimes used in an attempt to halt the rapid progression of bronchiolitis obliterans, including methylprednisolone, ciclosporin, azathioprine, and thalidomide. Plasmapheresis may also be useful.
Ron Richards.
From 1973–1974, NBC aired 22 half-hour episodes of animated adventures of the "Enterprise" crew. In addition to reuniting the regular cast of the original series (with the exception of Walter Koenig), it also featured the reappearance of popular guest characters, including Harry Mudd and Cyrano Jones. It has been suggested by fans that these stories took place during the fourth and fifth year of Kirk's original "five-year mission."
Club involvement is considered an "integral aspect of the educational experience" at Hong Kong International School. As of the 2007–2008 school year, HKIS High School has a total of 70 registered clubs, with an especially strong focus in community service. Students in the High School are able to form their own official clubs with the approval of the faculty and student government.
Bangladesh.
The Obregón Family (father-son)
British, French, Dutch and Polish Prisoners of War (POWs), of many other nationalities who have repeatedly made escape attempts but have been recaptured, are sent to Oflag IV-C, a supposedly secure castle in Saxony, in the heart of Germany, during World War II. At first the different nationalities try to initiate their own plans until the Senior British Officer (SBO) steps in and suggests co-operation between the different contingents. At first, the coordination fails because one of the prisoners is supplying information to the German guards. After he is discovered, plans remain secret. There then follow a number of escapes; some successful, some not.

Crichton died in South Kensington, London aged 89.
The Hunter Jaegers were an Australian netball team representing the Hunter Region of New South Wales in the national Commonwealth Bank Trophy. The team was initially based out of the Newcastle Entertainment Centre, but merged with the Sydney Swifts in 2008 to create the New South Wales Swifts to compete in the ANZ Championship.
<doc id="1210355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1210355" title="Crown Prince's Hussar Regiment">
"Carry On" films.
The floor would have a similar configuration as the Great Hall with a set of double pulpits and pews, but the room was never completed. Doors were never hung, the plastering was unfinished, and the floorboards were only rough timber, not the tongue and grove finished hardwoods of the other floors. The room, when used for an occasional meeting, was furnished with wooden benches.
The 6551 Asynchronous Communications Interface Adapter (ACIA) was an integrated circuit made by MOS Technology. It served as a companion UART chip for the widely popular 6502 microprocessor. Intended to implement RS-232, its specifications called for a maximum speed of 19,200 bits per second. It was used in the Commodore PET, Commodore Plus/4, Apple Computer's Super Serial Card for the Apple II family, and possibly other lesser-known computers.
