<doc id="1123462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1123462" title="2002 Monaco Grand Prix">
In 1270 he assumed the full power of the new financial department named Shangshusheng (Chinese: 尚書省, "Department of State Affairs"), which had equal status with the administrative department named Zhongshusheng (Chinese: 中書省, "Central Secretariat"). After the conquest of the Song Dynasty in 1276, he entered the financial matters of Southern China. He prepared a state monopoly in salt, which came to account for a large portion of state income. In his 20-year term of office, he created his strong faction with his clan and Muslims from Central Asia. Ahmad's tax system gained a bad reputation from the Chinese because it was ruthlessly operated and considerably differed from traditional Chinese systems. Ahmad was reputed for his rapaciousness. He abused his position to gather riches for himself. 

For a time, this species and Prince Demidoff's bushbaby were removed from the genus "Galago" and placed into the new genus "Galagoides". It is the most widespread and abundant bushbaby in the coastal forests of Tanzania. It is thought to prefer the mid to high canopy of tropical coastal forest, submontane and lowland tropical forest. It has one or two young per year.
Some of his masses are polychoral, a technique which involved multiple, spatially separated groups of singers. While this was also a technique which developed in Venice, it was widespread by the end of the 16th century: almost all composers of sacred polyphony used polychoral techniques at some time, especially those working in large acoustical environments (such as most cathedrals in Europe).
<doc id="1123889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1123889" title="Vendée (river)">
The group is engaged in a wide spectrum of petroleum activities, including upstream exploration and production of oil and gas to downstream oil refining; marketing and distribution of petroleum products; trading; gas processing and liquefaction; gas transmission pipeline network operations; marketing of liquefied natural gas; petrochemical manufacturing and marketing; shipping; automotive engineering; and property investment.

<doc id="1124189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1124189" title="Donald Lambro">
In 2004, Dawson joined the long-running BBC TV quiz show "A Question of Sport", featuring as a regular team captain opposite Ally McCoist and more recently, Phil Tufnell.

Biosynthesis and Internalization.
The song is told from the point of view of a man or woman contemplating life after death to his/her lover, as Asher describes, "'I'll love you till the sun burns out, then I'm gone,' ergo 'I'm gonna love you forever.'" Brian explained that "God Only Knows" was "a vision that Tony and I had. It's like being blind but in being blind, you can see more. You close your eyes; you're able to see a place or something that's happening." He initially hated the opening line of the song as "it was too negative." He eventually gave in after hearing the subsequent lyrics.
Funding.
Republic of India.
The subconscious is commonly encountered as a replacement for the unconscious mind and therefore, laypersons commonly assume that the subconscious is a psychoanalytic term; it is not. Sigmund Freud explicitly argues: 
! scope="row"|R. B. Winter State Park
Initially a supporter of Chiang Kaishek and his wife, he once compared Chiang to Abraham Lincoln and described Madame Chiang as a combination of Helen of Troy, Florence Nightingale and Joan of Arc. He became disillusioned after seeing Chiang's officers starve their troops and by the Kuomintang's corruption. 
Two vessels, the ""The Ark"" and the ""The Dove"," carrying over 300 settlers, sailed from the harbour of Cowes, England, on 22 November 1633, arriving at just inside the huge harbor and bay (later to be named "Hampton Roads") at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay, between Cape Charles and Cape Henry and passed off "Point Comfort" at the mouths of the intersecting James, Nansemond, and Elizabeth Rivers, in the colony of Virginia on 24 February 1634, (also later the site of the cities of Norfolk, Portsmouth and Virginia Beach on the south side and Newport News and Hampton on the northern peninsula). After exploring the area, a few weeks later they sailed up the Potomac River, north of the Virginia shoreline and the southern border of their new colony and landed on the northern shore at Blakistone Island (later renamed St. Clement's Island) on March 25, 1634, erected a large cross, gave thanks and celebrated a Roman Catholic/Christian Mass with Father Andrew White who had accompanied them (later to be celebrated as "Maryland Day", an official state and local holiday). Two days later, on the 27th March, they returned further south down-river near the point where the Potomac meets the Bay at what is now St. Mary's City, then the site of a Native American village of the Yaocomico branch of the Piscataway tribe, whom the paramount chief had moved away to accommodate the new English settlers, so as to take advantage of the trading opportunities of their more powerful technology: industries, weapons and implements, and they began the work of establishing a settlement there.
<doc id="1125464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1125464" title="Western calligraphy">
Criticism.
In 1953 R. G. LeTourneau sold the earthmoving portions of the business to Westinghouse, a sale that included a five-year moratorium before LeTourneau could sell into the market again. While the moratorium ran out, LeTourneau developed a number of new vehicles based on the same drivetrain. These included a number of special-purpose military designs like launchers for the Corporal missile, engineering vehicles that could quickly haul crashed bombers off of runways, and even an enormous vehicle intended to pick up beached landing craft.
