This modification is usually made to solid materials, but it is possible to find examples of the modification to the surface of specific liquids.
On 21 August 2012, the United Kingdom's regulator Ofcom allowed EE, the owner of the Orange and T-Mobile networks, to use its existing spectrum in the 1,800 MHz band to launch fourth-generation (4G) mobile services. As part of Ofcom's approval of the company's roll-out of 4G it was announced on 22 August that 3 had acquired part of EE's 1,800 MHz spectrum for part of their own 4G network. The 4G service from EE was announced on 11 September 2012 and launched on 30 October initially in 11 cities. The network aims to cover 70% of the UK by 2013 and 98% by 2014.
With little haste after his signing, Pendleton's minor league campaign began with the Johnson City Cardinals and the St. Petersburg Cardinals during the 1982 season. Pendleton impressed the organization enough to warrant being moved up to class AA baseball with the Arkansas Travelers for the 1983 season. He was selected to the league's all star team for his performance at Arkansas. Making steady progress, Pendleton was promoted to class AAA in 1984 and played for the Louisville Redbirds. After four games at second base, Pendleton was moved to third and became a third baseman, the position he would play the rest of his career. The Cardinals were so impressed with Pendleton's development as a third baseman in Louisville that they traded their starting third baseman, Ken Oberkfell, to the Atlanta Braves and temporarily placed Andy Van Slyke at third base while Pendleton continued to gain experience. However, when Van Slyke committed seven errors in thirty games, the Cardinals promoted Pendleton to the majors and began his major league career as the starting third baseman.
The village Annebault was first mentioned as "Olnebac" in the beginning of the 12th century, and as "Ounebaus" in 1195.
The Chevet on the right is flanked by two buttresses and finishes, as with the portal, with a very sloping curve surmounted by an "antefix" cross. On the southern wall are the remains of a "funeral litre". The heraldic emblems painted on the liter are reproduced inside the chapel. On the side of the epistle there is an ogival pool.
Awards.
Interactions.
Language and philosophy.
From 1674 to 1702, the Province of New Jersey was divided into East Jersey and West Jersey, each with its own governor. Each had its own constitution: the West Jersey Constitution (1681) and the East Jersey Constitution (1683).
During the Enlightenment, concepts of monogenism and polygenism became popular. Monogenism contends that all races have a single origin, while polygenism is the idea that each race has a separate origin. Until the 18th century, the words "race" and "species" were interchangeable.
<doc id="487140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=487140" title="Nan Madol">
Hodgkin's hospital career came to an end, however, in 1837, when he clashed with the autocratic Benjamin Harrison. Harrison disliked Hodgkin's progressive views, and support for the new University College, London, and had been personally offended by them in one instance (see below). There were two confrontational interviews in which Harrison went over pretexts for not giving Hodgkin a promotion (to Assistant Physician); Hodgkin had also been ill not long before. His friends pushed the issue to an acrimonious vote of the governors, which was in fact hopeless. The position went to the rival candidate Benjamin Guy Babington, and Hodgkin moved reluctantly into private practice, after a period of convalescence.


Brandt retired as LCBO chairman on February 5, 2006 after fifteen years at the helm. During his time in the position, annual sales went from $1.8 billion in 1991 to a projected $3.6 billion in 2006.
Zinc, cadmium and mercury form a large range of alloys. Among the zinc containing ones, brass is an alloy of zinc and copper. Other metals long known to form binary alloys with zinc are aluminium, antimony, bismuth, gold, iron, lead, mercury, silver, tin, magnesium, cobalt, nickel, tellurium and sodium. While neither zinc nor zirconium are ferromagnetic, their alloy exhibits ferromagnetism below 35 K. Cadmium is used in many kinds of solder and bearing alloys, due to a low coefficient of friction and fatigue resistance. It is also found in some of the lowest-melting alloys, such as Wood's metal. Because it is a liquid, mercury dissolves other metals and the alloys that are formed are called amalgams. For example, such amalgams are known with gold, zinc, sodium, and many other metals. Because iron is an exception, iron flasks have been traditionally used to trade mercury. Other metals that do not form amalgams with mercury include tantalum, tungsten and platinum. Sodium amalgam is a common reducing agent in organic synthesis, and is also used in high-pressure sodium lamps. Mercury readily combines with aluminium to form a mercury-aluminium amalgam when the two pure metals come into contact. Since the amalgam reacts with air to give aluminium oxide, small amounts of mercury corrode aluminium. For this reason, mercury is not allowed aboard an aircraft under most circumstances because of the risk of it forming an amalgam with exposed aluminium parts in the aircraft.
Early life and career.

James bond 
Structure.
Several studies have manipulated the presentation features of feedback information (e.g., frequency, delay, interpolated activities, and precision) in order to determine the optimal conditions for learning. See Figure 4, Figure 6, and summary Table 1 for a detailed explanation of feedback manipulation and knowledge of results (see below).
The first objective of the Anzac Mounted Division was to cut the road from Beersheba to Hebron and Jerusalem, about north-east of the town at Tel el Sakaty (also known as Sqati), to prevent reinforcement and retreat in that direction. The second objective, the redoubt on the height of Tel es Saba (which dominated the east side of Beersheba north and south) had to be captured, before an attack across the open ground could be launched. By dawn the Anzac Mounted Division was deployed with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade at Bir Salim abu Irqaiyiq, and the 1st Light Horse Brigade in support behind the New Zealanders, with the 2nd Light Horse Brigade concentrated near Bir Hammam.
History.

For many years the photocathode was the only practical method for converting light to an electron current. As such it tends to function as a form of 'electric film' and shared many characteristics of photography. It was therefore the key element in opto-electronic devices, such as TV camera tubes like the orthocon and vidicon, and in image tubes such as intensifiers, converters, and dissectors. Simple phototubes were used for motion detectors and counters.
Weight systems.
Sinclair was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a candidate of the Ontario Liberal Party in the 1911 provincial election but was defeated in 1914.
Following the cessation of interurban services on the Central Park Line, the right-of-way remained under the control of BC Hydro. By 1975, the Greater Vancouver Regional District proposed incorporating the right-of-way into a light rail line linking Vancouver and New Westminster, thereby reinstating passenger rail service on the corridor. The provincial government eventually took over the project, which evolved into the Vancouver SkyTrain's Expo Line.
Design.
HMS "Conqueror" was an "Orion"-class battleship of the Royal Navy. She served in the 2nd Battle Squadron of the Grand Fleet in World War I, and fought at the Battle of Jutland, 31 May 1916, suffering no damage.
In partnership with Poqet Computer Corporation, Fujitsu launched the world’s first hand-held, one-pound, IBM/PC-XT-compatible computer in 1989. In 1997, the Stylistic 100 was used aboard the space shuttle Columbia by astronaut Kalpana Chawla, to display data from the shuttle’s system about its location relative to earth. When Bill Gates officially launched the first Microsoft Tablet PC on November 7, 2002, he was carrying a Fujitsu Stylistic ST400 model. Fujitsu launched its first single-spindle convertible Tablet PC, the Lifebook T3000 Series, in October 2003. The Lifebook T3010 was an important launching pad for Fujitsu’s present-day tablet PCs.
Life in the barrios of Caracas, Venezuela, is a struggle for most and living conditions are often precarious. The main disadvantage of living in the barrios is that it presents very cramped living conditions with only the basic facilities available. People living in these areas lack running water, proper sanitation and face high risks of crime. Lack of schooling and a full educational offering are also problems. Garbage disposal is inappropriate presenting their own health risks. People built their own poor structure houses from provided government grants.
From 2005 to 2008, a largely unregulated bike sharing program was operated by the Peoples' Pedal organisation in Edmonton, Alberta. The program suffered from high theft and vandalism rates, with 95% of the bikes that had been placed into service stolen or missing by 2008. The program was terminated the same year.

The price tag for "Beneficence", completed in 1930, was approximately $50,000. The progress toward installation crawled during the Great Depression, as funds for the project became scarce. More than 11,000 individuals donated money to assist in the completion of the memorial, and "Beneficence" was dedicated on September 26, 1937. Although the project was the last for French, neither he nor Dana lived to see its dedication. The statue, affectionately known as "Benny", symbolizes the selflessness of the five brothers in their service to the community. It is so entwined in the University's culture that its image is part of the school seal.
Utility Frequencies in Europe to 1900
A farm hand at the now long-demolished Knightswick Farm watched a nun approach the farm from the fields one afternoon from the porch of the farmhouse. Puzzled as to why the nun had walked across the muddy fields, the girl left the porch and walked towards the nun intending to greet her. Suddenly the nun began to vanish into the ground as she walked!
Finally, the shells of zebra mussels are sharp and can inflict painful (although not normally serious) cuts when contacted by swimmers.
Sources.

In the United States, the National Communication Association (NCA) recognizes nine distinct but often overlapping sub-disciplines within the broader communication discipline: technology, critical-cultural, health, intercultural, interpersonal-small group, mass communication, organizational, political, rhetorical, and environmental communication. Students take courses in these subject areas. Other programs and courses often integrated in communication programs include journalism, film criticism, theatre, public relations, political science (e.g., political campaign strategies, public speaking, effects of media on elections), as well as radio, television and film production. More recently, computer-mediated communication and the implications of new media for communication have drawn new research and courses.
It was coined by the British physicist David Tabor, and also by Peter Jost in 1964, a lubrication expert who noticed the problems with increasing friction on machines, and started the new discipline of tribology.
Albert Henry Woolson (February 11, 1847(?) – August 2, 1956) was the last surviving member of the Union Army who served in the American Civil War. He was also the last surviving Civil War veteran on either side whose status is undisputed. At least three men who followed him in death claimed to be Confederate veterans, but their status as Civil War veterans has been debunked. The last surviving Union soldier to see combat was James Hard (1843–1953).
Route 85 was the first freeway in California to open with metering lights at every onramp, including interchanges with Routes 17 and 101. When the freeway opened on October 19, 1994, the lights caused tremendous backups at the onramps during commute hours, raising an outcry from commuters furious at having to wait as much as 20 to 30 minutes in the worst cases before entering the freeway. The county required Caltrans to turn off the metering lights, which they did on November 17, 1994. This almost immediately slowed the commute over the full 24 mile (39 km) stretch by 33 minutes; Caltrans eventually turned the lights back on in 1995, which sped up the overall commute considerably. 
Richard Timothy Smith (born 25 March 1942), better known under his stage name Richard O'Brien, is a British-New Zealand writer, actor, television presenter and theatre performer. He is best known for writing the cult musical "The Rocky Horror Show" and for his role in presenting the popular TV show "The Crystal Maze". In addition to writing "The Rocky Horror Show", O'Brien also co-wrote the screenplay of the 1975 film adaptation "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", and appeared in the film as the character Riff Raff. The stage show has been in almost continuous production and the cinematic version, which has been in continuous release, is one of the best known and most ardently followed cult films of all time. He is also the voice of Lawrence Fletcher, the title characters' father in "Phineas and Ferb".
The main difference between Karaites and Rabbanites is the understanding of "morrow after the Sabbath." Rabbanites take the Sabbath as the 1st day of Passover although Passover is never referred to as a Sabbath in the Torah. Contrarily, Karaites interpret this Sabbath to be the first weekly Sabbath that falls during Passover. As a result the Karaite Shavuot is always on a Sunday, although the actual Hebrew date varies (which compliments the fact that a specific date is never given for Shavuot in the Torah, the only holiday for which this is the case). 

"The Ottoman Empires was one of the greatest, most extensive, and long lasting in the History of the World. It included most of the territories of the Eastern Roman Empire(...)and held portions that the Byzantines never ruled (...)The Ottoman Empire was born in 1300 and endured until World War I-."
Transport.
In 1898, Green built an even more impressive Mediterranean style hotel on the opposite side of Raymond. The first became referred to as the annex, and the second became the winter home for some of the most prominent magnates of industry in the Eastern United States. The two buildings were connected by a bridge across Raymond, and a tunnel under it. Guests arriving by train would pass through the annex, to the second floor, and be trammed across the bridge. In the main residence they would simply retire to their suites. The luggage would follow via the tunnel.
"Trenchant" tested the non-hull-penetrating optronic mast in 1998. She also trialled a camouflage paint scheme comprising jagged shapes of various colours, including pale blue.

A sebaceous adenoma is a cutaneous condition characterized by a slow-growing tumour usually presenting as a pink, flesh-coloured, or yellow papule or nodule.
According to the 2002 Metro Manila Solid Waste Management Report of the Asian Development Bank (ADB), Valenzuela has the highest number of identified recycling companies in the region. It was also said that recycling centers related to plastic materials are relatively higher than other recyclable objects like metals, paper, glass among others. Accordingly, the city government allocates an amount of about 785.70 Philippine pesos (approx. US$18 as of April 2011) for every transportation and collection costs of a ton of waste material. In 2003, the city generated about 307.70 tons of waste every day. In 2001, it was reported by ADB that the city has as high as 25% solid waste management cost recovery rate through service charges on households and other enterprises for operational activities associated with waste collection, treatment and disposal. That same year, the city's proposal to implement a community-based solid waste management project in barangay Mapulang Lupa, was approved by the national government, which involves social mobilization, training of personnel, implementation of segregated collection and establishment of materials recovery facility and windows composting operation among others. The city government was granted a maximum of US$25,000 from Asian Development Bank for the operation of the project.
Isomorphism of categories

Tudor, Stuart and Georgian periods.
These were colorful plastic horses that were produced by Empire/Marchon. The designer of this line also designed Fashion Star Fillies by Kenner in 1987. They came as pegasi, unicorns, horses and mini-fillies. One, called Princess Growing Hair, had hair that could grow, and a filly was sold with a carriage.
Logging.
Beginnings.
<doc id="490264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=490264" title="Windmill Theatre">
On April 26, 1983, the university appended its official name to University of Houston–University Park; however, the name was changed back to University of Houston on August 26, 1991. This name change was an effort by the UH System to give its flagship institution a distinctive name that would eliminate confusion with the University of (UHD), which is a separate and distinct degree-granting institution that is not part of the University of Houston.
