James Curry (disambiguation)
McLeod played for Taranaki and Auckland.
Ravivarman (1266-1314), complete royal title Rāja Śri Ravivarman, Kulaśēkhara Perumāl, Samgrāmadhīra, Trkshatra Cudāmani, Vēgavati Nātha) was the ruler based in Vēnāṭu (Quilon), southern India between 1299-1314. He was a descendant of the Cēras (Perumāls) through his father Jayasimhadēva and was the son-in-law of the Pāndya ruler of Māravarman Kulaśēkhara. Ravivarman controlled large parts of south India for short period (1311-1314) by skilfully taking advantage of the weakening of the Pāndya kingdom and the Khaljī raids. Ravivarman paid a particular attention on the improvement of the port city Kollam/Kolamba (modern Quilon).
The album was mixed by Tchad Blake.
"Bom Bom" is a song by British three-piece music group Sam and the Womp. The track was first released in the United Kingdom on 19 August 2012. For the chart week dated 1 September, "Bom Bom" debuted at number-one on the UK Singles Chart with 107,461 copies sold in its first week.
After the shooting, Johnson concealed the handgun in a briefcase he was carrying, while pedestrians in the vicinity of the site of the shooting screamed and panicked. A construction worker followed him east on 33rd Street then north on 5th Avenue and alerted police officers who were stationed in front of the Empire State Building's 5th Avenue entrance. When confronted by the two officers, Johnson raised his weapon, but did not fire. The officers fired a total of 16 rounds, killing Johnson and injuring nine bystanders, none of whom suffered life-threatening wounds. Three of the bystanders were directly hit by police gunfire, while the rest of the injuries were caused by fragments of ricocheting bullets, or by debris from other objects hit by police. Johnson's handgun, which held eight rounds, still had two rounds remaining when he was shot, and extra ammunition was found inside his briefcase. A witness said people at the scene were shouting, "Get down! Get down!" and that the gunfire lasted about fifteen seconds.

<doc id="36817020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36817020" title="Israel Worsley">
Executive branch.
For Ken Wilber in "Spectrum of Consciousness" (1977), the Void is not mere nothingness, and is therefore distinct from something that can be subsumed into the category of nihilism, and is instead "Reality before we slice it up into conceptualism". Here he explores the idea of Sunyata, which cannot be "called void or not void; or both or neither" but can be referred to as 'the Void' with, again, the proviso that it exists beyond the limit of language.

Allen grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia. In 1946, he obtained a MD from the University of Toronto. In 1953, he received a Fellowship in general surgery from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and, in 1964, a Fellowship in thoracic surgery from the same institution.

population 1400
In the 2008-2009 period, several accounts held by Kripashankar's wife Maltidevi, and his son Narendra, showed deposits and transfers totaling Rs 65 crore. The enforcement directorate found no evidence linking him to Koda. However, the anti-corruption investigations revealed disproportionately large assets. Despite these assets, Congress kept supporting Kripashankar; it has been suggested that he is close to some aides of Congress President Sonia Gandhi.
He was a schoolteacher for eight years, before attending the University of Michigan. He enlisted in the Union Army in June, 1862, and was involved in numerous engagements in the American Civil War. In August, 1864, Lemmon was captured by the Confederates, and subsequently held as a prisoner of war in the Florence prison and the notorious Andersonville prison.
Soon afterwards her husband along with actor William A. Brady, a former member of their company in California, purchased the rights to Lottie Blair Parker’s "Way Down East," a pastoral play about country life in New England. With Grismer’s elaborations and Davies in the lead role as Anna Moore opposite Howard Kyle as David Bartlett, "Way Down East" debuted on September 3, 1897 at Providence Rhode Island and the following month made its New York premier at the Manhattan Theatre. "Way Down East," at first received a lukewarm reception, but slowly began to gain momentum as it was performed in cities across the country. Over a run the lasted nearly ten seasons with some 4,000 performances, it was estimated that the play netted around a million dollars, with her husband’s share placed in the neighborhood of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars. "Way Down East," that remained popular with the public for many years, was on four occasions between 1908 and 1935 produced as a motion picture. Davies continued to tour with the "Way Down East" into 1909 and had planned later in the year to appear opposite Arnold Daly in Algernon Boyesen's adaptation of Paul Hervieu's's four-act play, "Know Thyself," before falling seriously ill.
The Blueprint Task Force was established in 2007 to define a vision and clear action plan for the future of pharmacy. The Task Force includes broad representation from pharmacy stakeholders across Canada. The Canadian Pharmacists Association is the Secretariat and provides project management support. The Vision for Pharmacy is: "Optimal drug therapy outcomes for Canadians through patient-centred care."
In the younger years, Cuneta was an athlete who was in basketball and softball. He started playing golf in 1956, the only sport he played sinced. He staretd out in political career as Pasay's top executive during Ferdinand Marcos administration. In 1997 when Cuneta started to become bed-ridden, he bowed out from his political and entrusted the local leadership to then vice mayor Wenceslao Trinidad.

100m: Breen came fifth in the 100m final with a time of 14.42. The winning time was posted by Margarita Goncharova at 13.45s.
