Geddes was hired by the State in 1797 to survey Onondaga Salt Springs Reservation and lay out the first road in Salt Point. During 1798, Salt Point became the village of Salina. The Surveyor-General, Simeon DeWitt, employed Geddes to design the streets. Although Geddes had no formal training in surveying, DeWitt saw great potential in him. Soon Geddes sold his interest in the Geddes salt works to pursue other interests and surveying continued to be an important role for much of his life.
Paraguay:
<doc id="29496941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29496941" title="Dino Hall">
Robert Cromie
Alton Ray Beverley (1884–1956) was the 6th Bishop of Toronto.
The mine is owned by Hamersley Iron Pty Ltd, a fully owned subsidiary of Rio Tinto, which ownes six mines in the Pilbara, including Mount Tom Price, and partly owns two more mines in the region.


<doc id="29499576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29499576" title="1991–92 All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship">
Discography.
Paodon is a river village in Bolikhamsai Province, in western Laos. It is the located in Borikhane District along the Nam Xan River, northeast of Borikham, north of Hatkhiphong and southeast of Muang Huong.
<br>


Maria.
This biodisk is an integration of multiple technologies in different areas. The designer must be familiar with the process of biology testing before designing the detailed micro-structures in the compact disk. Some basic element components such as valves, mixing units, and separating units should all be used to complete the full testing process. The most basic principles applied in such micro-fluidic structures are centrifugal force, coriolis effect, and surface tension. The micromachining techniques, including patterning, photolithography, and etching should all be used as long as the design is verified. Once the testing process is successful in the biodisk, the complex detection technique is started. There are many methods proposed by scientists in this area. The most popular method is immunoassay which is widely use in the testing of biology. The final step is receiving data from the biodisk by means of a CD drive and modifying either software or hardware that can achieve this function. A popular method is reading data from the biodisk using a common CD drive with some developed software, which contains the advantage of being low on cost.
Plessen, United States Virgin Islands
