Marko Jevtović (, born January 5, 1987 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian table tennis player. At the 2009 Summer Universiade, he won a bronze medal in the Men's doubles. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's singles, but was defeated in the first round.
Recipients include:

History.
The phrase "Oppan Gangnam Style" was entered into "The Yale Book of Quotations" as one of the most famous quotes of 2012.
Teysachaux
While originally designed for tape recordings, Nakamichi demonstrated the usage of High Com II on vinyl records as well in 1979. In 1982 the same AEG-Telefunken team, who designed the High Com noise reduction system, also developed the IC "U2141B" for the CBS Laboratories CX noise reduction system for vinyl records.
The Institute is supported by a scientific advisory board that includes Josef Isensee (Chair) and Christian Starck.
Bishop Tesfaselassie Medhin, Ethiopia

Water is fed to the powerplant from a low dam about upstream. Overflow is controlled by two tainter gates between concrete piers. A wide fish ladder climbs the north side of the dam. On the south side a large sluice gate allows the small reservoir to be drained. The intake structure is between the sluice gate and the south buttress wall, housed in a small wood frame intake house.A one-story wood-frame watchman's house is just downstream from the intake house, and is joined to the intake house. The power plant intake conduit is a diameter reinforced concrete pipe for the first , transitioning to a welded steel pipe. This replaced of concrete pipe and of wood stave pipe in 1949. The conduit is buried along most of its length. It crosses the river on a -span riveted steel Howe truss bridge made by the American Bridge Company downstream from the dam. Total head is about to . Since the conduit has been altered and is partly buried under the rail line it is not included in the historic district designation.


John Kyme (by 1469-1527/1528), of London, was an English politician.


Kheyrabad, Nasrabad
From its foundation in 1898, the community of Missionary Benedictines at Peramiho, Tanzania, had sought to evangelize the surrounding population. During the monastery's period as an abbatia nullius, its monks successfully cultivated local vocations to the priesthood. In 1969, Diocese of Songea was created and a local priest ordained bishop. At this point, the monks of Peramiho found themselves at a crossroads. Their duty of primary evangelization had been largely accomplished; now it was time to focus mission efforts elsewhere.

<doc id="36589564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36589564" title="Radwan Ajam">
Mandan Commercial Historic District
In November 2002, Phillip White, the former CEO of Informix ousted in 1997, was indicted by a federal grand jury and charged with eight counts of securities, wire, and mail fraud. In a plea bargain thirteen months later, he pleaded guilty to a single count of filing a false registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sylvia Schmelkes (born 28 July 1948) is a Mexican sociologist and education researcher. She is best known for her work in intercultural education, and her book 'Toward better quality of our schools'. Schmelkes has also written over 100 academic texts and essays. She is a former General Coordinator of Intercultural and Bilingual Education at the Secretariat of Public Education in Mexico, and is currently heading the Research Institute for the Development of Education at the Iberoamerican University.
The tour band was the same formed for the John Farnham tour shows (Newton-John performed with Farnham on their The Main Event Tour). Newton-John also talked about her battle against the breast cancer during the 1990s, which originated the names of this tour and her sixteenth studio album, "".
Dusk Till Dawn (album)
Caligola (music project)
Recognition.
Race area and Course.

