also created important roles in Latvian plays such as "Indulis and Ārija" and "Fire and Night" under the direction of the National Actor of Latvia Rainis. She was
<doc id="11490162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11490162" title="Palestine Police Force">
Since ACA was formed with a charitable purpose of education and research in the field of angel investment, chairmembers and leaders of ACA are frequently involved in educational programs such as the Power of Angel Investing Seminars produced by ACA's affiliated foundation, the Angel Capital Education Foundation. While individual angel investors and angel group leaders participate in ACA events, membership in the organization itself is only for organized groups of angel investors that meet ACA's requirements, and not for individual investors. ACA's website lists angel groups across the nation which bring together investors in local regions or specific industries. 

Generally speaking, for correspondence between people who are related, standard German is preferred, followed by French and Luxembourgish equally, although social status has an influence. When people who are unrelated correspond, use of Luxembourgish drops off dramatically, and it tends to be used not at all between strangers. The choice of Luxembourgish therefore appears to reflect the closeness of the ties between the two people corresponding.
The New York City Transit Authority purchased 36 of these units along with a DMSS for each, and had nothing but problems. After a multitude of firmware updates, visits by their field engineers, and failures in the field, they wished they had gone with another vendor such as Nice or Teleste. It is not surprising that the company is now closed.(Robert Marshall, CTA, NYCTA) 
Athletics.
Children and adults in wheelchairs or seating devices that are rigid and/or semi-reclined can require significant physical effort to change their body posture on their own. Additionally, positioning accessories may be restrictive in an effort to counteract low tone, to restrain involuntary spastic movement, or to optimize body symmetry. Unfortunately, such positioning effectively prevents development of active postural movement control. Since the spinal motion of these individuals is constrained between their secured pelvis and the backrest of the wheelchair or chair, their potential to acquire an improved ability for active postural repositioning is negligible. Their movement can be limited to that of the upper extremities only. Thus, for wheelchair users, this static body posture may not only lead to physical strain, discomfort, and health issues, but can also interfere with performance of functional movement tasks. 

The Type E biplane was designed in parallel with the slightly earlier Avro Duigan, differing principally in being slightly larger and having a more powerful () water-cooled E.N.V. engine. Both were two-bay tractor biplanes with unstaggered parallel-chord wings with rounded tips, a deep rectangular section fuselage bearing rectangular steel-framed stabilisers, elevators and rudder with no fixed fin, and an undercarriage with a pair of wheels on a transverse leaf-spring and a long central skid projecting forward of the propeller. This aircraft layout dominated aircraft design for twenty years: the Avro 500 and the contemporary B.E.1 are among the first truly practical examples built.
In 2008, Mekorot established a central water filtering plant for water pumped from Lake Kinneret. The company also improved quality control. As a result, water quality has improved and less chlorine is being added as a disinfecting agent.
In 1993, "Playboy" magazine offered McCarthy $20,000 ($ in currency) to pose for its October issue. McCarthy became the Playmate of the Month for October 1993. "Playboy" publisher Hugh Hefner cites McCarthy's "wholesome Catholic girl" persona as the unique quality for which she was selected out of 10,000 applicants. Her layout emphasized her Catholic upbringing with a schoolgirl theme. According to McCarthy, the pictorial caused an uproar in her Catholic neighborhood, and resulted in her house being pelted with eggs, her sisters being taunted at school, and McCarthy, who counted Catholic nuns among her aunts, being lectured about her future damnation by those close to her. McCarthy was later made the Playmate of the Year, and was paid a $100,000 salary. In 1994, because of her newfound public attention, McCarthy moved to Los Angeles and, for a time, hosted "Hot Rocks", a Playboy TV show featuring uncensored music videos.

Willy Schäfer (April 30, 1913 – October 16, 1980) was a Swiss field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.

We Didn't Know
