By the 1890s, La Carlota’s agricultural advances had become a model for farms throughout Negros. During this period, the sugar planters of La Carlota formed "Circulo de Agricultores", the first organization on the island to undertake an anti-locust campaign. When the Philippine revolution broke out in 1898, the planters actively participated in the fight for independence from Spain.
Term "vulture fund".
Big Town Mall, located at 800 Big Town Shopping Ctr., just off of U.S. 80 E. and Loop 12 in Mesquite, Texas, was constructed in 1959 and was the first enclosed, air-conditioned shopping mall in the Southwest. Some of the surrounding facilities included Bowlanes, A&R Course, Horse and Rider, an Exhibition hall, and a half price shoe store. At one time up to three major chain stores such as JC Penney (which J.C. Penney himself opened), Sanger-Harris, and Montgomery Ward were part of the complex. The attached Woolworths was also quite popular due to its sizable inventory and food court.
Ancient Greek words often contain consonant clusters which are foreign to the phonology of contemporary English and other languages that incorporate these words into their lexicon: "diphthong"; "pneumatology", "phthisis". The traditional response in English is to treat the unfamiliar cluster as containing one or more silent letters and suppress their pronunciation, more "modern" speakers tend to try and pronounce the unusual cluster. This adds to the irregularities of English spelling; moreover, since many of these words are encountered in writing more often than they are heard spoken, it introduces uncertainty as to how to pronounce them when encountered. 

Biography.
"Wonder Boys", and the "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh", among other works]]
Awards and nominations.

Membership.
Paciorek has served as a broadcaster for several years since retiring as a player, with his most notable stint as the color commentator on White Sox television broadcasts alongside Ken Harrelson, who affectionately called him by his baseball nickname, "Wimpy", on-air. Paciorek broadcast for the White Sox from 1988 to 1999, then called selected games for the Detroit Tigers in 2000 and the Seattle Mariners in 2001 before calling the Atlanta Braves on FSN South from 2002 to 2005. In 2006, he was the color commentator for the Washington Nationals, but his contract was not renewed for 2007. He is fondly remembered amongst Nationals fans for his distinct pronunciation of "Alfonso Soriano," a Nationals outfielder that season: ""Eelfahnso Soriaahno"".
To understand WSI, one has to consider the normal chip-making process. A single large cylindrical crystal of silicon is produced and then cut into disks known as wafers. The wafers are then cleaned and polished in preparation for the fabrication process. A photographic process is used to pattern the surface where material ought to be deposited on top of the wafer and where not to. The desired material is deposited and the photographic mask is removed for the next layer. From then on the wafer is repeatedly processed in this fashion, putting on layer after layer of circuitry on the surface.
<doc id="2052837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2052837" title="Precinct of Amun-Re">
