The Westminster Schools has served as the launch venue for the PongSat launches since 2012.
Chosil Kil (born 1975) is a South Korean artist.

Revenue stamps of Batum
Wren Avery - Cath's twin sister. Wren is the "awesome one", being more outgoing and extroverted than her sister. Although identical, Wren has short, stylish hair and often wears revealing clothes that Cath does not. Cath sees Wren as "the awesome one" because of her confidence and her ability to take things in stride. She is the less responsible of the two and cares more about fitting in and being a party girl than working hard and taking care of herself. Wren is the one who tells Cath that she does not want to be roommates at college because she wants to break free and have her own life. According to Cath, Wren has had lots of boyfriends, though she has not really cared for any of them, and has a habit of "converting" boys (she dates them, they fall in love with her, and then she dumps them). Wren is the one who decides to reconnect with their mother, though later it is revealed that it isn't a typical mother/daughter relationship and Laura just wants to their friend rather than their mother. She is also constantly annoyed at Cath for being overbearing and more like a mother. She berates Cath for wanting to stay inside and write rather than live her life. After she gets alcohol poisoning, she agrees to change, and is shown to party less and gets closer with Cath as a result. According to Cath, Wren was always the twin that was liked more. In school, she says, nobody could tell them apart, and when they could, they always liked Wren better. Cath is hesitant to let Wren hang around with Levi out of fear that he will get to know Wren and end up liking her better, which he practically laughs at and tells her that Wren is too "harsh" for him. Wren is also an avid fan of the Simon Snow books like her sister. The series was their main bond as children and, though she hides it, she is completely obsessed and cries at the release of the eighth book.
A common adulterant is dimethyl sulfone, a solvent and cosmetic base without known effect on the nervous system; other adulterants include dimethylamphetamine HCl, ephedrine HCl, sodium thiosulfate, sodium chloride, sodium glutamate, and a mixture of caffeine with sodium benzoate.
In the minority, they began to increase significantly in numbers. In September 1920 the 15th Congress in Orléans was distributed between 1,505 voice for the supporters of Léon Jouhaux and 552 votes for the revolutionaries. 
