The gaze-contingency paradigm is a general term for techniques allowing a computer screen display to change in function depending on where the viewer is looking. Gaze-contingent techniques are part of the eye movement field of study in psychology.
<doc id="8461492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8461492" title="KAFF-FM">
Maibaum
Elk Island may refer to:

In fall 563, Northern Zhou entered into an alliance treaty with Tujue against Northern Qi, part of which involved a promise that Emperor Wu would marry the daughter of Ashina Qijin, Tujue's Mugan Khan. In winter 563, the joint forces of Northern Zhou and Tujue launched a two-prong attack on Northern Qi, with the northern prong attacking Northern Qi's secondary capital Jinyang (晉陽, in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi) and the southern prong attacking Pingyang (平陽, in modern Linfen, Shanxi). The northern prong, commanded by the general Yang Zhong (楊忠), put Jinyang under siege, but was soon defeated by the Northern Qi general Duan Shao (段韶) and forced to withdraw. In response, the southern prong, commanded by Daxi Wu (達奚武), also withdrew. Still, the attack demonstrated the growing Northern Zhou strength—as previously, in the winter months, Northern Zhou forces would break the ice on the Yellow River to prevent possible Northern Qi attacks, but around this time and thereafter, Northern Qi forces broke the ice on the river to prevent possible Northern Zhou attacks.
It was during this time that she conceived Francisco Joaquim Ferreira do Amaral, by the ship's commander; although this baby was baptized as son of João Maria Ferreira do Amaral and an unknown mother, to avoid being registered under the name of her first husband.

European/UK/South African CD maxi single
Geronimo Goeloe (born 18 November 1981) is a sprinter, specializing in the 100 and 200 metres. He competed for the Netherlands Antilles until the dissolution of that country and now represents Aruba. He also holds the current national record, with a time of 10.42 seconds.
Hunter signed for Junior side Pollok in the summer of 2010 and moved on to Kirkintilloch Rob Roy in September 2012. He also played one match as a trialist for former club Albion Rovers in January 2012.
Guru (Prabhu Deva) is a graduate but cannot find a job because employers are looking experience. He and his pickpocket and bike thief friend Indhu (Rambha) live along with an auto mechanic (Manivannan) and his wife. The couple is a Muslim and the lady wears a purdah and it is shown that whoever lifts her purdah and sees her face faints immediately. Manivannan himself has seen his wife's face only during their first night. This provides comic relief.
<doc id="8465858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8465858" title="Tees Valley Railway">
Alba Roma qualified for the National Finals.
