"El Cap" has two main faces, the Southwest (on the left when looking directly at the wall) and the Southeast. Between the two faces juts a massive prow. While today there are numerous established routes on both faces, the most popular and historically famous route is "The Nose", which follows the massive prow.
<doc id="20813238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20813238" title="Blue Bird K3">
130 Aboriginal people were used as extras. They had no where to stay when they arrived due to an administrative oversight and their treatment on set was criticised. Ealing wanted to pay Aboriginal actor Henry Murdoch the same as white actors but the Department of Native Affairs refused, only granting him a regular allowance.
Allison Formation
After World War II, the demand for lead decreased, and the town again went into decline, though mining activity continued for some years in the area. The school was shut down in 1950, and the mines went into and out of use as the price of silver, still found in the area, rose and fell. By 1978, the mines were all shut down, and the last of the residents were gone.
Trichur V. Ramachandran
Counting process

Eric Wood (born March 18, 1986) is an American football center for the Buffalo Bills. He was the team's second pick in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft (28th overall). After starting his team's first 10 games of the 2009 NFL season, he suffered a season-ending injury on November 22, 2009. Wood played his collegiate football at the University of Louisville.
Rheaume was the sole developer of "Chronotron".
A - Restricted firearms and accessories

Cooperation.
"Linke was both a fine flier and a fine man. He gave his men full support and generally ignored the rules about officers and non-officers having little to do with each other. He often gave away victories to other, less experienced pilots. As you can imagine, the feelings of his men for him were quite strong."
<doc id="20817529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20817529" title="Cryptocarya erythroxylon">

Posner has been a proponent of the Universal Periodic Review (UPR), established by the UN General Assembly in 2006 as a process through which the human rights records of the United Nations’ 193 Member States is reviewed and assessed. In November 2010, Posner traveled to Geneva as one of three co-heads of the 32-person interagency U.S. government delegation submitting the United States’ first report through the UPR to the UN Human Rights Council. Speaking of the UPR at a press conference at the Foreign Press Center in April 2011, Posner stated, “We are very open to the notion that people in this country have not only a right but are well open to be critical of what we do, and we engage them in that criticism”. During the week of the UPR hearing, Posner defended the United States' engagement with the UN Human Rights Council against domestic criticism, saying "this is what principled engagement looks like". He reiterated the Obama administration's stance that there was no room for torture or cruel treatment of detainees in U.S. policy: "We're not mincing words. We're not winking and nodding", he said. "The prohibition against torture and cruel treatment applies to every U.S. official, every agency, everywhere in the world. There is an absolute prohibition as a matter of law and policy".

<doc id="20818644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20818644" title="Hungary–Malaysia relations">
Radio Steiermark
Frequency.

Leigh worked with writers such as Nick Manasseh, Future Cut and Feng Shui on her debut album, "Turned on Underground". Partly recorded at Harry J's in Jamaica, the album was reviewed favourably and was described as having the "slick appeal of a US R&B princess." Her debut four-track extended play (EP) "La La La" was released on 5 January 2009.
In 2012, Anythink Family Services Director Lynda Freas was awarded the 2012 Sullivan Award. The American Library Association presents the Sullivan Award annual to an individual "who has shown exceptional understanding and support of public library service to children."
Sir Robert Liston, GCB, PC (1742 – 15 July 1836) was a British diplomat and ambassador to several countries.
The Dalangshan Formation () is a geological formation in the Sanshui District of Guangdong Province, China, the strata of which date back to the Late Cretaceous period.
As head of what "Newsweek" termed "the most secretive force in the U.S. military", McChrystal maintained a very low profile until June 2006, when his forces were responsible for the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq. After McChrystal's team successfully located Zarqawi and called in the airstrike that killed him, McChrystal accompanied his men to the bombed-out hut near Baqubah to personally identify the body.
Formation and history: 2004-present.
<doc id="20822217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20822217" title="Teloloapan">
<doc id="20822534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20822534" title="The Walt">
Life.
List of universities and colleges in Inner Mongolia
Henry Reed's tunes include a variety of genres. According to Alan Jabbour's recordings, Henry often played "classic tunes, classic vintage, waltzes, schottisches, clogs, rag-like pieces from both grassroots and popular sources and several marches from the nineteenth-century fifing tradition." Not all of the techniques Reed used to produce these genres were common among many fiddlers. Reed held the fiddle under his chin allowing his left hand to be free. Freeing up his left hand made it possible for him to achieve notes in the third position which included keys like a high D or C. Henry Reed also had a particular way of holding the bow at the frog rather than choking it up higher like other fiddlers do. By gripping the bow on the frog Reed was able to achieve slurs into his playing; This style was referred to as the "longbow style." Slurs are multiple notes in the same stroke of the bow allowing for a more diverse sound to come from the fiddle. The most unique feature of his bow technique was the placement of his fifth finger underneath the nut rather than on the top of it.
Purdue.
The show was generally positive by many critics. Wade Keller of the online wrestling newsletter, Pro Wrestling Torch, expressed favorable comments for the show in the X Division King of the Mountain match, saying the competitors, "delivered supreme athleticism and creativity". Dave Meltzer, journalist of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter, gave a live match-by-match report of the show; he praised the show in general, specifically the TNA World Tag Team Championship, as well as feeling the Monster's Ball match was good for a "weapons match".

Accra Daily Mail is an English-language newspaper from Accra, Ghana.
At its last instar the larvae will be around 50mm. Like most other members of Geometridae the larvae has a twig like appearance being mostly brown with small knob like horns, these horns are small and red. The head is slightly higher than the rest of the body to form two forward pointing knobs.
Following the "Hatti Humayyouni" decree by Sultan Abdul Majid in 1856 the life of Christians in the Near East improved. This allowed Gregory to successfully encourage greater participation by the Melkite laity in both church administration and public affairs. Gregory also took an interest in ministering to the growing number of Melkites who had emigrated to the Americas. In 1889, he dispatched Father Ibrahim Beshawate of the Basilian Salvatorian Order in Saida, Lebanon to New York to minister to the growing local Syrian community. According to historian Philip Hitte, Beshawate was the first permanent priest in the United States from the Near East from the Melkite, Maronite, and Antiochian Orthodox Churches.
Chris Graham (American football)

Legislative segments.
History.
The tournament was held in November 1991, unlike the other British events which took place in May, June and July. Michael Chang won the singles title, beating Guillaume Raoux in the final.
Simple wagonways, using horses and wooden rails, were used from the 18th century. However the invention of the steam locomotive and steel rails soon led to these being employed for forestry. However the difficult terrain within forests meant that narrow gauge railways, which took up less space, were lighter and easier to build and enabled tight curves to be laid, were preferred. These were the so-called forest railways. In particularly large areas of forest or forests of unusually large trees, such as in the northwestern USA, extensive forest railways were even built using standard gauge exclusively for forestry tasks. Special geared locomotives such as the Shay and Climax locomotive were developed for high tractive effort on rough track. Some forest railways became common carriers when cleared forest land was converted to agricultural or recreational use.
A sonotrode usually consists of a stack of piezoelectric transducers attached to a tapering metal rod. The end of the rod is applied to the working material. An alternating current oscillating at ultrasonic frequency is applied by a separate power supply unit to the piezoelectric transducers. The current causes them to expand and contract. The frequency of the current is chosen to be the resonant frequency of the tool, so the entire sonotrode acts as a half-wavelength resonator, vibrating lengthwise with standing waves at its resonant frequency. The standard frequencies used with ultrasonic sonotrodes range from 20 kHz to 70 kHz. The amplitude of the vibration is small, about 13 to 130 micrometres.
