Features.
Blackrock is a 1997 Australian film directed by Steven Vidler and written by Nick Enright. Internationally, it is best remembered as the first prominent role of actor Heath Ledger.
Operations.
The early 17th Dynasty may also have comprised the reign of a pharaoh Nebmaatre, whose chronological position is uncertain.
14.Ray Gant & the Arabian Knights - "Don't Leave Me Baby" 
The first large vessel to deliver supplies to Oro Bay was "Karsik", escorted by , in "Operation Karsik" on the night of 11/12 December 1942 with four Stuart light tanks of the 2/6th Australian Armored Regiment and a seven-day level of supply for the 2/9th Battalion. "Karsik" returned with a second load of tanks on the 14th in "Operation Tramsik" that was followed by the first Lilliput convoy four days later. On 18 December the "Japara" escorted by "Lithgow" departed Milne Bay and arrived at Oro Bay on the 20th to inaugurate the regular supply of Operation Lilliput. The convoys of Lilliput were, with few exceptions, composed of the Dutch KPM vessels under the control of the U.S. Army Services of Supply (USASOS) escorted by an Australian corvette.
<doc id="1114622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1114622" title="Apple Symbols">
Situated at a strategic location between Egypt, Syria and Arabia, and the birthplace of Judaism and Christianity, the region has a long and tumultuous history as a crossroads for religion, culture, commerce, and politics. The region has been controlled by numerous peoples, including Ancient Egyptians, Canaanites, Israelites, Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, Ancient Greeks, Romans, Byzantines, the Sunni Arab Caliphates, the Shia Fatimid Caliphate, Crusaders, Ayyubids, Mameluks, Ottomans, the British and modern Israelis and Palestinians. Modern archaeologists and historians of the region refer to their field of study as Syro-Palestinian archaeology.
Gameplay.
My Uncle Oswald
The British Hill Climb Championship (BHCC) is the most prestigious Hillclimbing championship in Great Britain. Hillclimbing in the British Isles has a rich history and this event has been held every year since 1947.

