He was also a major shareholder in the Canadian Northern Railway, later amalgamated into Canadian National Railways, and the town of Kindersley, Saskatchewan, was named after him.

The weapons store was unusual in that it lay within the perimeter track at the southern end. One Type J and two Type T-2 hangars were erected on the technical site outside the northern perimeter with the domestic sites dispersed in woodland beyond.

From 1990 to 2000, Bavetta regularly refereed playoff games and was ranked at the top among referees in terms of performance evaluation. In 2000, he was one of the highest-paid referees in the NBA, earning over $200,000 a year. Among those playoff games included Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals, in which Bavetta ruled that a three-point basket made by Howard Eisley of the Utah Jazz was released after the shot clock buzzer sounded and thus would not count. However, television replays on NBC showed otherwise. Bavetta's career was threatened when he was accidentally hit in the nose by Pacers forward Jalen Rose, who was trying to punch Knicks center Patrick Ewing during a 1999 game between the Indiana Pacers and the New York Knicks. Bavetta did not leave the game immediately, opting to wait until later in the day to have surgery. He returned the next day to officiate a New Jersey Nets game.
<doc id="4018439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4018439" title="Vaphio">
Carberry was an "officialis" of the Diocese of Brooklyn from 1945 to 1956, serving as chief judge of the diocesan court. He also served as diocesan director for radio and television, becoming known as the "radio priest." He was named a papal chamberlain on February 3, 1948, and raised to the rank of domestic prelate on May 7, 1954. From 1955 to 1956, he was president of the Canon Law Society of America.
Since its announcement in August 2009, "The Witness" has been Blow's recent work. It's reportedly a 3D first person puzzle game in which a player is stranded on an island, trying to solve various maze puzzles. Like "Braid" before it, Blow has invested a great sum of money into his work—reportedly $2–3 million.
His daughter Pam Jaffe also attended Emerson College and graduated in May 2007.
Enyeama signed for Hapoel Tel Aviv in 2007. Hapoel Tel Aviv endured a poor season in 2007/2008, but Enyeama helped the team to avoid relegation and reach the state cup final. 
Riley was the lead singer and guitarist of Yfriday. He is a prolific song writer and his most globally recognised song to is "Everlasting God" which was co-written with Brenton Brown. The song received a prestigious ASCAP Award in 2008. The song was also nominated for a Dove award. 
In a discussion about teaching with historical fiction, scholars Alun Hicks and Dave Martin note that Penmen is careful to make the details of her novel reflect the needs of the genre, talking about objects and practices which give the reader historical immersion.
Cannobio has its own "Lido" at the north end of town with a large sandy beach. The beach has a European Union Blue Flag for its cleanliness and facilities.
Christmas = white;
WAQY transmits using a 4 bay Continental (ERI) center fed antenna and a Nautel NV20 HD transmitter. WAQY's signal covers all of the Springfield market, and can be heard as far south as New Haven, Connecticut and as far east as Boston. WAQY is running a high level IBOC (HD Digital signal) at -14db versus the normal -20db.
A distinct women's organisation grew up out of the Orange Order. Called the Association of Loyal Orangewomen of Ireland, this organisation was revived in December 1911 having been dormant since the late 1880s. They have risen in prominence in recent years, largely due to protests in Drumcree. The women's order is parallel to the male order, and participates in its parades as much as the males apart from 'all male' parades and 'all ladies' parades respectively. The contribution of women to the Orange Order is recognised in the song "Ladies Orange Lodges O!".
<doc id="4020858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4020858" title="Bill Hume">
The exception states: Rule 4.09(b) Comment: An exception will be if fans rush onto the field and physically prevent the runner from touching home plate or the batter from touching first base. In such cases, the umpires shall award the runner the base because of the obstruction by the fans.
CR 577 begins at an intersection with Route 124 in Springfield Township near the western terminus of Route 82. The highway originally started further south, at the intersection of Broad Street and Springfield Avenue in Westfield; Broad Street and eastbound Springfield Avenue are CR 509, while CR 577 went west and north on Springfield Avenue, which becomes Meisel Avenue as it enters Springfield. This route was changed in the past from CR 577 to CR 509 Spur (although the old signage was often left intact) but may have been changed back. In downtown Springfield, where most of the major streets are one-way, Maple Avenue carries the nominal route northbound to the official southern terminus, while Meisel Avenue carries the southbound traffic.
<doc id="4021390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4021390" title="Kushiel's Scion">
All future pregnancies for the mother require cesarean delivery because of the hysterotomy. However, there is no presented data suggesting decreased fertility for the mother.
<doc id="4021831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4021831" title="Unni appam">
Career.

