Scoring.

Bishop Gwynne returned to Britain during World War II and formally retired in 1946.

Running in board
Guibor hailed from St. Louis, Missouri, and served in the U.S.-Mexican War. 
Kilnwick currently has no shop or public house (the nearest are found in Middleton, Hutton Cranswick and Lund, while Lockington still clings to the provision of a post office). This has not always been the case, though trading seems to have taken place from what were residential properties.
Demographics.
Alphonso Carreker

Forestry - Years of clearing the land for cultivation and ranching have taken their toll. By the early 1900s removal of native forests had led to erosion and drought. Ralph Hosmer established forest reserves throughout the islands. He experimented with 86 species of trees on Maui, such as eucalyptus, hoping to improve the watershed, and provide building lumber and fuel for the sugar refineries. 
Tušina is one of the five rivers in the municipality of Šavnik, Montenegro. It is made of many streams that meet under Somina and Krnja Jela mountains. It is 10 km long. 
On 26 July the vessel arrived at Mudros Harbour, Lemnos Island and during the period to 31 July the battalion participated in the disembarkation and sorting of stores and equipment; it having been recognised that equipment had not been loaded securely or in the correct order.
Retirement.

Didi.
After an award-winning career as a reporter and columnist for the University of Texas at Arlington student newspaper, "The Shorthorn", Phillips received a journalism degree in 1983
It forms part of the civil parish of Nunburnholme.
Restaurants.
Little is known about the life of this author, who was born in Al-Andalus and lived in Marrakech. His history of the Maghreb and Iberia is widely regarded among modern researchers as containing valuable information not found elsewhere, including extracts from older works now lost.
National Penitentiary.
(2) Where the offence of gross indecency is committed in a public place ... the offender shall be punished, with whipping not exceeding eighty lashes, and he may also be punished, with imprisonment, for a term, not exceeding two years, or with fine.
<doc id="10213140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10213140" title="Sydney University Regiment">
Fairfield was an assistant professor in astronomy when she attended the International Astronomical Union's (IAU) Third General Assembly in Leiden in the Netherlands in 1928. Her assigned reception committee astronomer was a young graduate student, Bart Bok, ten years her junior; he proposed to her at the end of the conference. They corresponded for the next year, as Fairfield did not wish to rush into marriage.
Seasons 1–2.
College.
Watford.
LeRoy Johnson
Personal life.
