Maynard and her husband Robert C. Maynard left their jobs and founded the Maynard Institute for Journalism Education in Oakland, California where she served as its first president in 1977. Since its founding, the institute has been credited with training and preparing hundreds of minority students for careers in news editing, newsroom managers, and other careers in journalism. Maynard served as a member of the board until 2002.
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 400 metres T53
At the subsequent by-election Arthur Henderson held the seat for Labour.
Steve Luebber

Köhnəkənd
Between 1900 and 1940, the African-American population grew from 9,000 to 39,000. By World
<doc id="19435359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19435359" title="Rung">
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 13 March 1954. Two matches went to replays, with the Leicester City–Preston North End match going to a second replay.
Sierra SunTower.
Typhoon Irving
From 1975 to 1976 Sisulu was detained for her anti-apartheid activities. During her exile from 1977 to 1979 she joined the military wing of the ANC, Umkhonto we Sizwe, specializing in Intelligence.
The hill is 2 miles (3 km) east of Blackwood and looks down to the Clyde valley at Kirkfieldbank. It peaks at a height of 290m (or 951 feet) - and now has an ordnance survey triangulation point on top of the cairn. Views include Goat Fell on the island of Arran and the Cobbler, Ben Lomond and parts of the Southern Highlands.
Alice Alfonsi and Marc Cerasini grew up with Italian parents in working-class neighborhoods of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Alice Alfonsi graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Marc Cerasini graduated from Ohio University in Athens, Ohio. In New York, Alice Alfonsi worked as a journalist and book author; Marc Cerasini as a magazine editor, literary critic and fiction and nonfiction author. The couple met in Manhattan and married at the Little Church of the West in Las Vegas.
His 7 1/2 year tenure as chief executive of the LTA came to an end in March 2013 when he announced that he would stand down in September 2013
Gordon began with the Double-A Corpus Christi Hooks. In 30 relief appearances, he had an ERA of 2.88 and received a promotion to Triple-A Round Rock. In , Gordon started the season with Double-A Corpus Christi, but after just one appearance, he was released. He signed with the Texas Rangers and did not allow a run in 22 innings pitched for Double-A Frisco. He was promoted to Triple-A Oklahoma where he started and pitched in relief. Gordon was a September call up for the Rangers in and made his major league debut on September 17.
Solheim died on July 25, 2014 at the age of 89.
García-Durán’s professional career has been intrinsically linked to projects and companies in the technology, telecommunications and audiovisual sector. García-Durán was the chairman of Telefónica Media, the Spanish company’s business unit dedicated to the Group’s interests in audiovisual and media. He also held the position as General Manager of marketing, communications and Institutional Relations of Telefónica Group, at the time when the company was being privatized and began its internationalization process in 1996-2011. Additionally, García-Durán was the executive vice president of Antena3 TV, where he has led various projects related to the audiovisual sector in recent years. 

Daniel Martínez
Peter Nott
His collection, "earthstepper / the ocean is very shallow" was published by Deep South in 1995 and reprinted in 2003.
<doc id="19442389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19442389" title="Jesús González Alonso">
There are several alternative theories of the cognitive processes that human reasoning is based on. One view is that people rely on a mental logic consisting of formal (abstract or syntactic) inference rules similar to those developed by logicians in the propositional calculus. Another view is that people rely on domain-specific or content-sensitive rules of inference. A third view is that people rely on mental models, that is, mental representations that correspond to imagined possibilities. The mental model theory is the subject of the "mental models website" A fourth view is that people compute probabilities.
<doc id="19443216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19443216" title="Frédéric Aguessy">
Jones stood for election in 1988, and retained her seat.
<doc id="19444409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19444409" title="Frederick Gedicks">
Biography.
<doc id="19445405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19445405" title="Big Orange">
Aesthetics.
Semi-finals.

Bill Riley's redesigned Mk III was simpler in its design, allowing more variety for customers as well as a low cost. Although the extreme aerodynamics of the original design were gone, the car was conceived to be fast enough to compete for overall wins. The redesign and eventual construction of the first car took only four months. The chassis featured a steel tube frame with panels made of carbon fiber. Behind the cockpit the engine bay was designed to be large enough to allow for a variety of naturally aspirated engines, mostly the V8s of Ford, Chevrolet, and Oldsmobile that were common amongst IMSA GT privateers. All cars used a 5-speed transmission. The suspension consisted of double wishbones with coil springs attached by a pushrod. A power steering system was also part of the standard Mk III.
Boa Vista FM is a radio station broadcasting on 95.5 FM serving Paracatu, Minas Gerais and parts of western Minas Gerais in Brazil. The station is a mixture of variety, Top 40, pop, country and romance music.
Originally, the neighborhood was composed mostly of single-family row houses and some industry. The Depression left many homes in disrepair, leading the city to raze them in the late 1930s to build the Richard Allen Homes, a massive public housing project that replaced blighted areas as well as provided housing for new workers attracted to the city for wartime production. The Richard Allen Homes remained Poplar's defining physical characteristic for the next several decades. Budget cuts by the city effected an egregious degree of deterioration in the homes, and poorly planned open spaces encouraged crime, generating notoriety as a center for crime and drug trafficking by the 1970s and 1980s.
<doc id="19449723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19449723" title="Ocheesee Landing, Florida">
All tracks written by Charlie Major except where noted.
Barnala (Punjabi:ਬਰਨਾਲਾ) is one of the districts of Indian state of Punjab. Earlier Barnala was part of Sangrur district, but now Barnala is a separate district.
<doc id="19451201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19451201" title="Pole and polar">
Chairman.
ScreenCrush explains that remnants of the previous version of the film can be seen in this sequence:
Until the end of the war he was an undercover agent, whose task was to infiltrate resistance movements. He was also sent into the Gestapo prison Terezin and spied on American prisoners of war.
Sad to say, condition of women is not very good in this village but they don't complain about it. They are happy in their daily routine like the women in any other village. After marriage they are required to cover their face with a ghoonghat (veil or headscarf). A woman will cover her face from all men to whom she's related by marriage and who are senior to her own husband. This would include for example her husband's father, elder brother and uncles. Generally a pallu (the loose end of a sari) is pulled over the head to act as a ghunghat. A dupatta (long scarf) is also sometimes used as a ghoonghat.
Student body composition.
In 2007 Canterbury Prison was converted to hold only foreign national prisoners in the UK. This was to allow a centralisation of specialised immigration and language services for foreign prisoners, as well as to allow dedicated immigration officials to work on the deportation of as many inmates as possible (on completion of their sentence).

