<doc id="728464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=728464" title="Members of the 22nd Seanad">
In 2009, L’Oréal declared their intention to cut greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption and waste by 50% over the period 2005-2015 – a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions that is to be in part achieved by the use of solar panels, biogas and electricity and hot water produced from the combustion of methane gas recovered from agricultural waste. In 2012, the company announced a 37.1% reduction in C02 Emissions, a 24% reduction in water consumption and a 22% reduction in transportable waste, and was named a sector leader by Climate Counts for its practices and achievements in the management of carbon emissions.
<doc id="728659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=728659" title="Warpath (comics)">
This riding has elected the following Members of Parliament:
Olive Marie Osmond was born in Ogden, Utah, the daughter of Olive May (née Davis) and George Virl Osmond. She was raised as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She is the only daughter of nine children; her brothers are Virl, Tom, Alan, Wayne, Merrill, Jay, Donny and Jimmy Osmond. She and her father also shared the same birthday, October 13. From an early age, her brothers maintained a career in show business, singing and performing on national television. Osmond debuted as part of her brothers' act The Osmond Brothers on the "The Andy Williams Show" when she was four, but generally did not perform with her brothers in the group's television performances through the 1960s.
Tyana is the city referred to in Hittite archives as "Tuwanuwa". During the Hittite Empire period in mid 2nd millennium, Tuwanuwa was among the principal settlements of the region along with Hupisna, Landa, Sahasara, Huwassana and Kuniyawannni. This south-central Anatolian region was referred to as the Lower Land in Hittite sources and its population was mainly Luwian speakers. Following the collapse of the Hittite Empire, Tuwanuwa/Tuwana was a major city of the independent Neo-Hittite kingdoms. It is not certain whether or not it was initially subject to the Tabal kingdom to its north, but certainly by the late 8th century BC it was an independent kingdom under a ruler named Warpalawa (in Assyrian sources Urballa). He figures in several hieroglyphic Luwian inscriptions found in the region, including a monumental rock carving in Ivriz. Warpalawa is also mentioned in Assyrian texts, under the name Urballa, first in a list of tributees of Assyrian king Tiglath Pileser III and later in a letter of Sargon II. Warpalawa was probably succeeded by his son Muwaharani whose name appears in another monument found in Niğde.
Personal life.
Sports and culture.
Bloodwynd is later seen assisting a group of other-dimensional heroes in repairing their space station. 
A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism
