By late 1941, most of the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force military personnel had left for duties at other Y-stations, and the main part of the site became the home of the Royal Signals. Military personnel were still being trained inside the hall for various tasks until the end of the war. In February 1942 the first of the newly trained ladies of the Auxiliary Territorial Service arrived at Beaumanor and were billeted in outlying villages and Garats Hay hall. Beaumanor became one of the most important of the small number of strategic intercept stations, or "Y stations", intercepting enemy radio transmissions and relaying the information to "Station X", at Bletchley Park, for decryption and analysis. It is known that one of the first confirmations of the successful Operation Chastise mission was received here. It is also widely rumoured that this listening post knew details of the Katyn massacre as early as 1941; however, the British government files were not released to the public, as it would implicate surviving perpetrators.
In August 2011, the museum galleries were closed to the public for ongoing renovations. Originally scheduled to be completed in March 2011, the museum reopened on September 22, 2012.
LNG purchasing agreements used to be for a long term with relatively little flexibility both in price and volume. If the annual contract quantity is confirmed, the buyer is obliged to take and pay for the product, or pay for it even if not taken, in what is referred to as the obligation of take-or-pay contract (TOP).
The following care services have limitations and may have special eligibility criteria:
He graduated from Columbian College (now George Washington University) in 1835 before attending Harvard Divinity School and becoming a licensed preacher. He traveled as a Unitarian minister, preaching in Providence, Andover, Richmond, Bangor, Portland, Boston, Washington, and St. Louis. Later, he pursued various occupations: a magazine editor, caricaturist, children's fantasy writer (the "Huggermugger" books), poet ("The Bird and the Bell with Other Poems" in 1875), translator, and landscape painter. He lived much of his life in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
As part of the combined Netherlands and Belgium bid to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup, the stadium is one of five stadiums in the Netherlands selected by the KNVB to host games. This would mean that the stadium capacity needs to be expanded to the minimum required seating of 44,000.
On 28 February 1947 Denfeld was named Military Governor of the Marshall Islands, Caroline Islands, and Mariana Islands, replacing Admiral John H. Towers.
<doc id="833207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=833207" title="Vere Harmsworth Professor of Imperial and Naval History">
The defector account says Penkovsky approached American students on the Moskvoretsky Bridge in Moscow in July 1960 and gave them a package, which was delivered to the Central Intelligence Agency. CIA officers delayed in contacting him because they believed they were under constant surveillance. Penkovsky eventually persuaded the British spy Greville Wynne to arrange a meeting with two American and two British intelligence officers during a visit to London in 1961. Wynne became one of his couriers. In his autobiography, Wynne says that he was carefully developed by British intelligence over many years with the specific task of making contact with Penkovsky.
<doc id="833552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=833552" title="International Examiner">
<doc id="833597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=833597" title="New Lodge, South Yorkshire">
Just months into his first term, a family in Lampson's district suffered a widely publicized tragedy. A 12-year-old girl from Friendswood was abducted on April 3, 1997 and found murdered two weeks later on April 20. Lampson established the first-ever Congressional Missing and Exploited Children's Caucus, which now numbers more than 120 members from both parties. Bob Smither, the father of the murdered girl, would become Lampson's Libertarian opponent in the 2006 election. The Congressional Missing and Exploited Children's Caucus is credited with nationalizing the successful AMBER Alert system. Lampson sponsored legislation to fund law enforcement efforts to stop child pornography and exploitation on the Internet.
Coxe became a Whig, and began a long political career. In 1786 he was sent to the Annapolis Convention, and in 1788 to the Continental Congress.
<doc id="833834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=833834" title="Alexander's Bridge">

Toril was the name of Jeff Grubb's campaign world, and it was adopted as the name of the planet upon which the continent of Faerûn existed when he and Ed Greenwood were designing the original "Forgotten Realms Boxed Set" in 1987. Abeir- was added as a prefix to the planet's name so that it would be the first entry in the alphabetical encyclopedia of terms included in the set. The setting's entire planet underwent a major change during the 1989 "Avatar" trilogy, which detailed a series of events called the Time of Troubles, during which gods walked the earth and magic became unpredictable. These events caused permanent changes in gameplay that were outlined in the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" 2nd edition campaign setting books.
In total, Ranjitsinhji scored 24,692 runs at an average of 56.37, the highest career average of a batsman based mainly in England until Geoffrey Boycott retired in 1986. He scored 72 hundreds.
