Chaiyong Satjipanon began his diplomatic career in 1975 when he joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as an attache to the International Conference Division of the Department of International Organizations. In 1976 he became Thailand's liaison officer to the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), before becoming the Third Secretary of the International Conference division one year later. In 1982 he was transferred to Geneva, Switzerland and became was the Second Secretary of Thailand's Permanent Mission to the United Nations Office and Other International Organizations in Geneva, and was promoted to First Secretary of the same office in 1986. He held that post until 1989 when he became a Counsellor for the Americas Division of the Department of Political Affairs. In 1993 he was promoted to Deputy Director-General of the Department of Economic Affairs. In 1994 he was assigned to be the Consular-General of the Royal Thai Consulate-General in Sydney, Australia. In 2001 he became Thailand's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Indonesia, being concurrently accredited to Papua New Guinea. In 2006, Makarim Wibisono, Indonesia's Ambassador to the United Nations and Other International Organizations in Geneva, presented Chaiyong with the First Class Order of Services "Bintang Jasa Utama" for his work in strengthening bilateral relations between Indonesia and Thailand. In 2003, he became Thailand's Ambassador to the United Nations Office and other international organizations in Geneva. In 2007, he was appointed Thailand's ambassador to the Holy See, and was received by Pope Benedict XVI on December 13. He was concurrently Thailand's ambassador to Switzerland.
<doc id="35946543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35946543" title="Fedor Kalinin">
In 1692, following his appointment as surgeon to the new dock at Hamoaze, Plymouth, Yonge had to go to London. Whilst there he attended Edward Tyson's anatomical lectures at Surgeons Hall. In 1702, in London again, he was persuaded to sit the examination of the College of Physicians, as an Extra-Licentiate. In his journal Yonge states there was no need as he did not intend to practice in practice in London or the immediate environs as he already had licence from the Bishop (presumably the Bishop of Exeter) but that College persuaded him that it would give him added status.
It reaches in length and is pink and yellow (with blue edging to the fins in the male), but there are distinct geographic variations and some prefer to treat the Hawaiian populations as a separate species, "P. hawaiiensis" (instead of a subspecies, "P. ventralis hawaiiensis").
Just the Way You Like It is the fifth album released by the R&B band The S.O.S. Band on the Tabu label in August 1984. It was produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
