In 2009, Dixon Hughes was named as one of Atlanta Business Chronicle's list of Best Places To Work.
The Iron Canyon Site is a Miocene assemblage of vertebrate fossils located in Kern County, California within the Dove Spring Formation dating from ~23.03—5.33 Ma.
Rancho Los Coches (Soberanes)
St. Augustine's Episcopal Church Complex
It was developed in the early 1950s by Dudley County Borough council as a council housing estate in the extreme west of the town near the border with Sedgley (which the land on the estate had been part of until 1926) on rural land next to the Wren's Nest estate that had been built in the 1930s. Several private houses were built on the estate as well.
Tiye, also spelled Tiy, Tiyi, Tiya was an ancient Egyptian name; according to Aldred, the pet name for Nefertari. Its notable bearers were:
Under federal law, the punishment for rape can range from a fine to life imprisonment. The severity of the punishment is based on the use of violence, the age of the victim, and whether drugs or intoxicants were used to override consent. If the perpetrator is a repeat offender the law prescribes automatically doubling the maximum sentence.

Louis Sako succeeded Andrew Sana as archbishop of Kirkuk on 24 October 2002. Andrew Sana, who retired on 27 September 2003, and passed away in 2013.

In 1987, Fogelman received the Distinguished Alumni Award from the University of Memphis.
Mr Chittibabu produced a film titled "Nambikai Natchithiram" in partnership with M.K. Stalin and casting Mr. M.karunanidhli's son Muthu as the lead character. He also acted in several dramas and was a great orator.
Dermatobranchus

Cast in the same poetic mold with mine.
Establishment of the neighborhood suffered great difficulties. The 70 families took upon themselves to build houses, and about two years after the group came together, the first foundations were laid, but in the year of foundations only 15 houses were built, and the other members of the group acquired bare fields. Until 1881 the neighborhood had only 20 houses.
Hex River Pass

Ritsem is located near the Stora Sjöfallet National Park.

Legend.
Most areas of New England are entirely divided into incorporated municipalities, with no unincorporated territory. In the three northern New England states, however, some unincorporated territory does exist, generally in areas that are very sparsely populated. Maine contains significantly more unincorporated territory than the other states, with the bulk of it in interior and northern counties, including Washington County. 
<doc id="25034907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25034907" title="Dimitar Iliev (footballer born 1986)">
Entry points.
Ockie Anderson
Chiranjit Dhir

These are sometimes referred to as Distinctives

Unless otherwise stated, the FDIC is the liquidator for financial institutions who are not members of SIPC or banking members of the FDIC or insurance companies. In taking action under this title, the FDIC shall comply with various requirements:
In over 100 years of relations, there have only been 2 state visits between these countries. In 2004, Helen Clark, became the first New Zealand Prime Minister to ever visit Norway. She said that both countries see eye-to-eye on almost everything, except, the commercial harvesting of whales.
C. indicus
comprising INRA, INRH, IAV Hassan II, ENFI, and ENA were
