News and Weather.

In 1925, Prince Valdemar of Denmark asked Volkov to visit Anna Anderson, who claimed to be Valdemar's great-niece, Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. Anderson was being treated at St. Mary's Hospital in Berlin for a tubercular infection of her arm. When Volkov first arrived at the hospital, on 3 July 1925, he caught a glimpse of Anderson when she went for a walk in the hospital grounds. At that point, Volkov thought Anderson resembled Anastasia, but the next day, they met one another and Volkov was dismayed to find that Anderson could or would not speak Russian with him. Anderson did not recognise him, and Volkov was unable to discern a facial resemblance to Anastasia. The following day, Volkov returned for a third time and expressed his doubts as to her identity, but would not say definitely that Anderson was not Anastasia. On his final visit the following day, 6 July 1925, Anderson correctly answered some of his questions, and recounted stories of Grand Duchess Anastasia's life before the Revolution that moved Volkov to tears.
Athletics.

<doc id="9772924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9772924" title="Trevor Hebberd">
T-type calcium channels are involved in diseases such as absence epilepsy, diabetes, and several forms of cancer.
His new project is the Toronto Chamber Youth Orchestra, of very recent creation.
Åsa Domeij, born 29 April 1962 in Örnsköldsvik, is a Swedish Green Party politician and an agronomist by training. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1988 until 1991 and then again from 2002 until 2006.
His performance beginnings were in American Roots music where Tepp learned his trade directly from masters such as Johnny Shines, Bukka White, Earl Hooker, John Lee Hooker, Sippie Wallace, Magic Sam and Shakey Jake Harris. His first instrumental acclaim came on harmonica and clarinet. Working out of Los Angeles, he transitioned to folk, rock and songwriter based music in the mid-1970s, performing or recording with Bonnie Raitt, Iain Matthews, Danny O'Keefe and Spencer Davis Wendy Waldman and others. At this same time, Joel's slide guitar work began to attract attention as well. While certainly facile in traditional blues and rock styles on that instrument, he has gradually developed a signature sound that includes elements of pedal steel and other various unusual harmonics and voicings.
