Cobo serves as Executive Editor for Latin Content and Programming for Billboard in charge of overseeing the brand's Latin music coverage and programming. In her position, she is in charge of programming Billboard’s yearly Latin Music Conference & Awards, one of the Latin Music Industry’s biggest events, and hosts its “Q&A’s” with Latin music's stars. Cobo also coordinates the Billboard Mexican Music Awards and helped launch billboardenespanol.com, the brand's Spanish-language site. As an expert in Latin music, she has been a panelist in numerous conferences, including BAFIM in Buenos Aires, Vina del Mar in Chile, LAMC and the Winter Music conference, among many others.
The mercantile smuggling industry had developed in the border areas, due to Mexico's ban of some imported goods, and exorbitant import duty on the goods it did allow. The ensuing rebellion over the import tariffs came to be known as the Merchants War. The initial seed money for Carbajal's army was raised in June 1851 through the sale of Mexican land grants to disgruntled merchants in Texas. An additional $6,000 came from an earlier loan that Carbajal's mother-in-law Patricia de la Garza De León had advanced him before her 1849 death. Carbajal recruited his troops from within Texas, some of whom joined in part because he had promised them recovery of the runaways. Among the recruits were thirty Texas Rangers led by Colonel John S. Ford.
Standard Chartered Zambia (officially Standard Chartered Bank (Zambia) Plc) is a commercial bank in Zambia and a subsidiary of Standard Chartered. It is one of the 18 commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator.
Bernard tracks down the dying Prettyman who confesses that he hired Thurkettle but found him dead at the meeting place and drove back to West Berlin and that his ex-wife is now demanding money for the return of the box. Prettyman says the operations was all a waste of time anyway because the ruse never fooled the KGB. Bernard finds Thurkettle's hastily buried body and a gun Werner was asked to give Prettyman at the meeting place. Werner steals the box from Prettyman's ex-wife and in retaliation she shoots and wounds Werner at his grand house warming party. 
