<doc id="7399399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7399399" title="2006 Florida Marlins season">

During season three, Jeanie embarked on her first romantic relationship since her HIV diagnosis, with a doctor from Infectious Diseases named Greg Fischer. However, during this time she also rekindles her closeness with Al and eventually Dr. Fischer breaks up with her upon finding out about the reunion. Jeanie and Al move back in together and renew their relationship. In season four, Al loses his job when an accident at the job site forces him to admit to his coworkers (and friends) that he is HIV positive. Al gets another job in Atlanta and plans to move; Jeanie declines to join him, and they part ways once more.
<doc id="7400311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7400311" title="Ozeljan, Nova Gorica">
Brompton Road Halt railway station

Auburn held Arkansas State out of the Sun Belt Conference to 177 yards total offense as the Tigers shut out the Indians 27–0. Running back Carl Stewart scored two second half touchdowns as the Tigers improved their season record to 9–1. Frehsman running back Ben Tate rushed for 93 yards Brad Lester ran for 62 yards. Courtney Taylor caught four passes for 116 yards, including a 13-yard reception for a touchdown, and the Tigers improved their all-time record against teams currently in the Sun Belt Conference to 12–0.
When the site launched, it did not have the right to reproduce Hansard, and no licence for it existed. A licence was later given, and click-use licences for Parliamentary copyright information were created as a result.
2. Koduvely
Vignette Engraver: G. (George) F. C. Smillie<br>
<doc id="7402535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7402535" title="Alexander Solonik">
Sweet, an X-Play contract star, was cast by Jeff Mullen of All Media Play to star in the title role of the adult series "Britney Rears". Sweet's portrayal in the "Britney Rears" pornographic movies was a commercial success for LFP, with the first movie ("Britney Rears: Wild Back Stage Sex Party") being the best selling Hustler Video title in 2005 and the second movie ("Britney Rears 2: I Wanna Get Laid") reaching number two on the AVN sales chart in 2006. Hillary Scott replaced Sweet in the third and fourth installments of the "Britney Rears" series, although Sweet appeared in the fourth installment of the porn series ("Britney Rears 4: Britney Goes Gonzo") playing a different part than before.
Current data.
On 1 October 1825, he married Sarah Gray (d. 1831), by whom he had three children:
The northern part of Kobo woreda is traversed from west to southeast by Hormat River. The river passes south of Zobil Mountains.
But the mill was unprofitable. Indeed, after September 1815, "little or nothing was done in it." In 1822, Olney Robinson of Rhode Island purchased the company, using money and equipment borrowed from Samuel Slater and Larned Pitcher. Robinson proved incompetent, however, and the business passed to his creditors. Slater and Pitcher then sold three-fifths of the company in 1825 to Dr. Oliver Dean, Lyman Tiffany and Willard Sayles of Massachusetts. In April 1826, Dr. Dean moved to the site and oversaw construction of the new Bell Mill, which was named for the bell on its roof to summon workers. Also erected was the Island Mill, located on an island in the Merrimack. Boarding houses and stores were built, creating the factory village of Amoskeag. The three-mill complex prospered, becoming known for its excellent "sheetings, shirtings and tickings," especially the latter. Success attracted investors. With capital of 1 million dollars, the business was incorporated on July 1, 1831 as the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company. Offices were established in Boston, where the treasurer "de facto" ran the firm, with an agent (manager) in Manchester to oversee personnel and operation of the mills.
On 8 June 1941, a force of approximately 20,000 Australian, Indian, Free French, and British troops, under the command of Sir Henry M. Wilson, invaded Syria and Lebanon from the British Mandate of Palestine and from Iraq. Fierce fighting ensued and Dentz and the Vichy forces were methodically lost ground over a 13-day period. Damascus, the capital of Syria, was abandoned on 21 June 1941. 
