Hurricane Charley.
<doc id="802156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=802156" title="Bobby Newmark">
Military operations and chemical attacks.
Storms.
Ford.
In 1935 he founded a new party, the Serbian Radical Party, which with some other parties formed coalition "Jugoslovenska Radikalna Zajednica" (Yugoslav Radical Union, JRZ) and won the elections. On June 24, 1935, he was elected Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs. He survived a failed assassination attempt by the Macedonian Damjan Arnautović in 1935.
Earl Sydney, of Scadbury in the County of Kent, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1874 for the Liberal politician John Townshend, 3rd Viscount Sydney. He notably served as Lord Chamberlain of the Household and as Lord Steward of the Household. On his death in 1890 all his titles became extinct. The titles of Baron Sydney, of Chiselhurst in the County of Kent, and Viscount Sydney were created in the Peerage of Great Britain in 1783 and 1789, respectively, for the politician Thomas Townshend. He served as Home Secretary and Leader of the House of Lords. Townshend was the son of the Hon. Thomas Townshend, second son of Charles Townshend, 2nd Viscount Townshend, whose eldest son Charles Townshend, 3rd Viscount Townshend is the ancestor of the Marquesses of Townshend. Townshend was also a female-line great-great-grandson of Lady Lucy Sydney, daughter of Robert Sydney, 2nd Earl of Leicester, hence his choice of title. 
The Screamers developed a substantial following via the internet and generated considerable press coverage during and after the band's career, despite the fact that they never released a record.
She was a candidate in the November, 2013 election for Mayor of Cincinnati, but was defeated by John Cranley.
In 1880 he became the astronomical assistant of Lawrence Parsons, 4th Earl of Rosse at Birr Castle in Birr, Ireland, and remained in that position until the death of the Earl in 1908. He left for Germany in 1916 after being designated an enemy alien.
Ancient world.
Nominations to the National Order of Quebec are sought in Quebec's daily and weekly media publications and are directed to the Council of the National Order of Quebec, elected by and amongst the members of the order for a period of three years and headed by a president elected by the council for two years. This body is mandated to short-list candidates and forward their suggestions to the Governor-in-Council. Any person born, living, or who has lived in Quebec, save for anyone serving as a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec, is eligible to be nominated and names may be submitted posthumously. The Cabinet may also, without the input of the Council of the National Order of Quebec, put forward the names of non-Quebecers for appointment as honorary members. Promotion through the grades is possible for both substantive and honorary members. Admission recognizes conspicuous meritorious actions that improve or support Quebec and/or its language and culture.
Other media.
The other definitions are found in , , , and . They describe smaller territories (see the map included in this article). The definition in Numbers and Ezekiel refers to the land that was divided between the original twelve tribes of Israel after they were delivered from Egypt, and finally, the borders defined in the book of Deuteronomy are those that will be given to the children of Israel slowly throughout the years (please see & ).
<doc id="803831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=803831" title="Megaloceros">
Examples of spectral sequences.

"Majlis al-Shura" (parliament).
Definition.
Atmospheric thermal ducting is often more intense at UHF, because shorter wavelengths have much greater refraction angles than longer ones. However, a much stronger thermal inversion is often required than is needed for ducting in the 2-meter band.
Some of the components (such as the computus) were inspired by the Strasbourg clock, which was studied
