On 31 May 1987, the "Prinz Eugen" was included in the then-newly introduced EuroCity (EC) network. Its route remained unchanged until 2 June 1991, when it again returned to a routing via Cologne and Frankfurt, now running Hamburg – Bremen – Cologne – Frankfurt – Würzburg – Vienna.
As of May 2012, both Ron Paul and Mitt Romney have led polls in multiple states. They have both also reached at least 20 percent in polls in multiple states. Before announcing that they would not run, Mike Huckabee and Sarah Palin were also leading polls in multiple states with numbers above 20 percent. Michele Bachmann, Herman Cain, Rick Perry, and Rick Santorum were also able to lead polls in multiple states earlier in the race, but Cain suspended his campaign on December 3 after multiple allegations of sexual impropriety, Bachmann dropped out on January 4, one day after her poor showing in the Iowa caucuses, in which she came in sixth place and received just 5 percent of the vote, Perry dropped out on January 19 after finishing fifth in Iowa with just over 10 percent of the vote, finishing sixth in New Hampshire with less than 1 percent of the vote and with "lagging" poll numbers ahead of the South Carolina primary, and Santorum suspended his campaign on April 10. Newt Gingrich announced he would drop out of the race after a poor showing in the northeast on April 24. 

Stewart sailed from England on 24 September, making his way to Tétouan via Gibraltar. Arriving at Tétouan on 22 December, he negotiated a treaty with the pasha and the articles were exchanged on 17 January 1721. He then travelled on to Mequinez, arriving on 3 July 1721 and meeting the emperor in an audience on 6 July. The articles of the treaty were exchanged, with Abdelkader Perez, a Moroccan admiral and later ambassador to Britain, assisting negotiations. The emperor then presented Stewart with a gift of nine Christian slaves. A second meeting took place on 23 July, at which all the captured Englishmen held as slaves, 296 in total, were released. After exchanging messages of friendship and goodwill, Stewart left Mequinez on 27 July and arrived back at Tétouan on 12 August. He then returned to Britain with the former captives. His success on these occasions was rewarded with the increase of his annual pension to £300, on 14 December 1724.
Ophonus puncticeps is a species of ruderal ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), and the Near East.
Ajit Ram Verma
Due to Woolf's work in polishing translations, she was able to see the differences between Russian and British authors. Yet she also knew that “from the comparison of two fictions so immeasurably far apart are futile save indeed as they flood us with a view of infinite possibilities of the art". Woolf's main purpose in comparing the two culturally different writers was to show the possibilities that modern fiction would be able to take in the future.
Currently the codex is housed at the British Library (Add. 22742) in the London.

In an effort to strengthen their relationship with the Iroquois Nation, the British organized the Albany Congress from June 19 to July 11, which Timothy attended, working behind the scenes to secure the Susquehanna purchase for Connecticut. However, this purchase was disputed, and Chief Hendrick gave the same land to Pennsylvania, which resulted in an ongoing dispute for many years.
Things that can be sold.
The last three Valle’s Steak House restaurants operating as part of Hanson’s corporation closed on Friday, December 27, 1991. The restaurants were located in Kittery, Maine; Andover, Mass; and Hartford, Connecticut.
The end of the fifties was the first period of dominance of one club in the Yugoslav football scene, but by the beginning of the next decade the focus of events shifted to the other side of Topčider Hill, where Partizan was located. In the following seven seasons, Red Star managed to win only one championship and only one cup, which was not enough for a club of Red Star's stature and ambitions. Its placement during these seasons was the worst in its history (including a seventh place finish in 1963). Red Star even dropped four times below the first three in the table (before and after that, Red Star has never dropped below third place in 54 football seasons in the SFRY, FRY, SCG and Serbia). Even then, it was clear that Red Star was the most popular club in the country by far, and its defeats came down hard on its supporters. So, on some occasions, Red Star supporters had the tendency to burst onto the field and literally burn both goal-posts. In the 1963 season, the club only managed to score 21 goals, which was, for example, half the amount that Vojvodina scored, although they finished five places lower in the table.
The PUPLHS Chorale has won numerous accolades and citations, locally and internationally, including diplomas from the 4th Voyage of Songs International Chorale Festival and 1st Vietnam International Choir Festival and Competition.

Coronet Bay is a town in Victoria, Australia, located 114 km south-east of Melbourne via the M1 and the Bass Highway, on the eastern shore of Western Port Bay. The town serves as a holiday destination with a focus on recreational fishing. A boat ramp is available in the neighboring town of Corinella. Coronet Bay is serviced by a General Store and it has a community center and hall located on the Fred Gration Reserve.
The Semifinals were held at 15:40.
The term of office for a member of the Board is four years with a legal-salary below $300. The Board meets in accordance with California law each month within district limits. The Board has one student member from the district's high school who represents all students in the district, the current Student Board-member is Giannah Ball who is also the Student Body President of Bassett High. The district is part of the La Puente Valley Regional Occupational Program, a collective program with the Hacienda-La Puente and Rowland school districts. Board-members Solano and Rivera are the Bassett U.S.D. representatives to the R.O.P. Joint Board of Trustees. The district is a member of many other educational/ governmental organizations throughout the region/ state/ nation and appoints Board-members as delegates to those organizations.
