Early in the day on 28 May, as "Tuscana" lay anchored in Buckner Bay, a swarm of kamikazes attacked. For "Tuscana", the action began at 07:25, when a Japanese airplane crashed into a merchant ship only 800 yards off her starboard bow. For over 30 minutes, "Tuscana" fought off the airborne raiders. At 07:35, a suicide plane crashed into . Soon thereafter, "Tuscana" opened fire on her first enemy plane; and, moments later, another came in toward her port bow. "Tuscana"s guns opened on the attacker and kept it under fire until it disappeared in the low overcast. At 07:44, she engaged a third aircraft and splashed it 600 yards off the port bow. She then turned her attention to the rescue of two survivors from "Sandoval". At 07:55, yet another Japanese plane came in range, and "Tuscana" splashed this raider some three miles away. During the fight, "Tuscana" lost her starboard mainmast boom, which was toppled and damaged beyond operational use, and her topping lift was carried away by friendly fire. At 0758, "Tuscana"s guns opened on the last of the attackers and ceased fire five minutes later, just as a kamikaze crashed merchant ship SS "Josiah Snelling". At 09:00, the all clear was sounded, and "Tuscana" emerged from her encounter with the enemy without personnel loss and with the knowledge of having assisted in the splashing of two enemy planes.

Robert Wood Johnson Medical School sponsors 49 programs in graduate medical education, 41 of which are accredited by the Accreditation Council on Graduate Medical Education (ACGME), five accredited by Specialty Boards or Societies and two without the option of accreditation. These include: anesthesia, occupational medicine, family medicine, medicine, neurology, obstetrics/gynecology, pathology, pediatrics, psychiatry, radiology and surgery. There are 447 residents and fellows in programs accredited by the ACGME or the ABMS. There are four additional fellowships for which ACGME or ABMS accreditation is not available. Continuing medical education programs are conducted on a global basis.
In 2008, Elliott was featured on two tracks to the soundtrack of "". In December of that same year, a debut album by "Road to Stardom" winner, Jessica Betts, was shelved in the U.S. and was released exclusively to Japan.
Torture.
<doc id="3497637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3497637" title="Cray Blitz">
This was the period that existed after the East Germanic languages had split off. Changes during this time were shared with the North Germanic dialects, i.e. Proto-Norse. Many of the changes that occurred were areal, and took time to propagate throughout a dialect continuum that was already diversifying. Thus, the ordering of the changes is sometimes ambiguous, and can differ between dialects.
Before and after independence, a numbers of politicians, poet, and social activists were confined in this prison, including Abu-ul-Kalam, Jawahar Lal Nehru, Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, Sardar Abdul Qayyum Khan, Agha Shorash Kashmeeri, Faiz Ahmad Faiz, Habib Jalab, and Maulana Zafar Ali Khan.

John Francis "Jack" Whitaker (born May 18, 1924) is an American sportscaster who worked for both CBS and ABC.
On 19 June 2008, Pratt was charged with lying about his knowledge of a price-fixing scandal. Pratt had been facing four separate charges under Section 5 of the Act, the penalty for each charge ranges from a fine of $2,200 to 12 months' jail.

Scottish Cycling has a performance department to help train and develop Scottish athletes. It also enters Scottish teams for events such as the Commonwealth Games and Tour of Britain.

