
This is a list of major intersections, starting at the south end of 113A Street.

The 15th Army was a field army of the Soviet Red Army during the Second World War.
Los Colorados (from the Spanish: "The colorado potato beetles", also known as "The Colorados") is a Ukrainian band formed in 2006 in Ternopil. The band play their own songs, but have also covered several popular and folk songs. "Los Colorados" increased in prominence after their cover of Katy Perry's song "Hot n Cold" grew popular via online video websites. The band plays guitar, bayan, bass guitar and drums.
<doc id="23240177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23240177" title="Musto (company)">

Milioner (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Милионер, English translation: Millionaire) is a single by the popular Macedonian singer Elena Risteska. It was realized in three versions: Macedonian, Serbian and English.
That same month, it was announced that Faith had been signed to Epic Records in the United States. The label's CEO, L.A. Reid, stated "In an era where authenticity resonates, Paloma is the epitome of soul. It's an honour for Epic Records to be part of her career in the United States." On 4 July, Faith revealed "30 Minute Love Affair" would be the second single released from "Fall to Grace". Faith recorded a version of INXS's "Never Tear Us Apart" for a John Lewis advertisement, which began airing on television from 15 September 2012. She later confirmed that the song would be released as her next single. In late 2012, "Fall to Grace" was certified Platinum in the UK by the British Phonographic Industry. Faith released "Just Be", as the fourth single from the album on 16 December 2012. Paloma Faith received two nominations at the 2013 Brit Awards; for Best Female and for Best British Album for "Fall to Grace".
Vila de Gràcia (), also known as "Gràcia", is a neighborhood in the "Gràcia" district of Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain). This neighborhood was the main core of the old town of Gràcia that included also Camp d'en Grassot i Gràcia Nova.

