"Charles W. Morgan" arrived at Mystic Seaport in December 1941. The ship was declared a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1966.
File system complexity typically varies proportionally with the available storage capacity. The file systems of early 1980s home computers with 50 KB to 512 KB of storage would not be a reasonable choice for modern storage systems with hundreds of gigabytes of capacity. Likewise, modern file systems would not be a reasonable choice for these early systems, since the complexity of modern file system structures would quickly consume or even exceed the very limited capacity of the early storage systems.
Macromanagement is the act of leading "decision makers" or managing the managers. Macromanagement is a close concept to the economic concept of mechanism design.
Hyperemesis gravidarum, which is severe morning sickness associated with vomiting and retching in pregnancy, is also a known cause of Mallory-Weiss tear.
Example:
William Crompton (politician)
ATi Radeon R400 Series
Notable residents.
A proposal was put forward in early 2013 to expand the West Village dining and specialist retail area currently sited off the Guildhall. This currently comprises a Waterstones bookshop, a training and recruitment facility, and Costa Coffee shop on the upper mall, and on the lower mall a row of boutique retailers leading out to a suite of restaurants including Carluccio's, Pizza Express and Loch Fyne Restaurants amongst others. The proposal would see much of the existing infrastructure demolished and replaced with a new larger two-level 'specialist retail' area, similar to 'The Village' at Westfield London, with upmarket retail and restaurant facilities and mall access to both levels. Existing businesses would have to be relocated or removed from the centre to allow the works to go ahead.

Buri is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population in 2003 is 19,324 and the area is 1197.7 km². The elevation is 590 m.
Garshuni or Karshuni (Syriac script: , Arabic script: ) are Arabic language writings that use the Syriac alphabet. The word 'Garshuni' was used, by George Kiraz, to coin the writing systems term "garshunography" to denote the writing of one language in the script of another. 
In 1999, Broomfield made a series of five commercials for Volkswagen. Each of these featured Broomfield with his trademark sound boom "investigating" rumours about the soon-to-be released Volkswagen Passat.
The year is 2078. The planet Sirius 6B, once a thriving mining hub, has been reduced to a toxic wasteland by a civil war between the Alliance, a resistance group composed of the colony's former mining and science personnel, and their employers, the New Economic Block (NEB). Five years into the war, Alliance scientists created and deployed Autonomous Mobile Swords (AMS) — artificially intelligent self-replicating machines that hunt down and kill NEB soldiers on their own. They are nicknamed "screamers" because of the high-pitched noise they emit as they attack. Screamers cannot distinguish friend from foe; they track targets by their heartbeats, so Alliance soldiers wear "tabs" which broadcast a signal canceling out the wearer's heartbeat and rendering them "invisible" to the machines.

Prison and garrison.
The semi-colonial situation however disadvantages the working majority of the population, insofar as balanced economic development is impossible - only those industries are developed which benefit foreign investors or which benefit the export trade (usually extractive and agricultural industries). 
Tereré is a typical drink from Paraguay and certain regions of Brazil. It is very popular among young and old people. It is common to see students going to school with a guampa and their thermos underneath their arms filled with plenty of ice and water, for summer temperatures can reach 40° to 45°C (104° to 113°F).
The islands of Tuvalu are spread out between the latitude of 5° to 10° south and longitude of 176° to 180°, west of the International Date Line.
God (Mario Gaoa) - As himself. As the creator of the universe, God can choose to be anything he wants. Thus he is portrayed as a well-built Pacific Islander in a lavalava. He appears mellow and easy-going, rather than strict and wrathful. God starts each episode in Heaven as if it were a fairytale, usually telling it to Jesus Christ and other famous, deceased notable figures.
Independent of any other requirements for becoming a charterholder, the CFA Program takes an average of four years for candidates to complete.

Tasks and organisation.
Canada.

Rey Ángel "Boom-Boom" Martínez (born May 13, 1982 in Havana) is an Cuban soccer player who plays for the Rochester Lancers.
"UNESCO’s Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger designates Kumaoni as language in the "unsafe" category and which requires consistent conservation efforts.
The Ace Baby Ace was the world's first aircraft to be marketed as a homebuilt aircraft when its plans were offered for sale in 1929. Plans are still available and Baby Aces are still being built . Orland Corben designed a series of aircraft for the Ace Aircraft Manufacturing Company, the Baby Ace, Junior Ace, and Super Ace. Corbin's name was associated with the aircraft, and it is commonly known as the "Corben Baby Ace".
