Once a bottle of dabigatran is opened, the medication expires after four months. This unusually short period exists because the drug can be affected by humidity. The bottle-cap contains a desiccant to reduce the humidity and prevent degradation of the drug. Blister packs do not have that same four month expiration because a capsule is not exposed to humidity until its own blister is opened.
The most common side effects in clinical trials were conjunctival hemorrhage, eye pain, vitreous floaters, increased intraocular pressure, and intraocular inflammation.
Where r and v are the position and velocity vectors of the orbital body. And, since formula_5 is the angular momentum vector, it may also be expressed as:
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Walkden had a total resident population of 38,685.
In 1970, Davis became Professor of Mediaeval History at the University of Birmingham (UK), heading the History Department there in succession to H. A. Cronne. This gave him the opportunity to express his missionary-like belief in the study of history as an intellectual discipline. He applied a firm but friendly hand to the project of restoring the wellbeing of the department after the troubled 'interregnum' following Cronne's illness. The usual hospitality was extended by Davis and his wife, especially to newly appointed and junior members of staff. They continued for many years their habit of inviting students into their own home. 

Professional.
1)subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and located within or adjacent to the marine environment or 
Candlebox was contacted upon the decision by WEA to release a best-of compilation. This prompted their reuniting after a seven-year hiatus and a tour in support of the compilation. Shortly after, Candlebox recorded their first studio album in ten years, "Into the Sun".
Aftermath.
<doc id="6193112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6193112" title="Eddie Murphy (album)">
Ettore Bastianini (September 24, 1922 – January 25, 1967) was an Italian opera singer who was particularly associated with the operas of Verdi.
Hugin is an open source alternative also based on Panorama Tools
