Algebras of generalized functions.
Scotland were winners of the British Home Championship in 1894 after pipping England to the trophy.
<doc id="1580560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1580560" title="Syrie Maugham">
Radziwill was married three times. His first wife was Rose de Monleon (1913-1996), a daughter of Guy, Count of Monleon. They married in 1940 and divorced in 1945; the marriage was annulled in 1958. She later married Baron de Chollet, a Swiss banker.
In 1976, Soriano and his allies left Gugulan's sect. In 1977, Soriano registered a new group, called "Iglesia ng Dios kay Kristo Hesus, Haligi at Saligan ng Katotohanan"(Church of God in Christ Jesus, Pillar and Ground of Truth in English), which was later changed to "Mga Kaanib sa Iglesia ng Dios kay Kristo Hesus, Haligi at Saligan ng Katotohanan sa Bansang Pilipinas, Inc." ("Members of the Church of God in Christ Jesus, Pillar and Ground of Truth, Philippines, Inc." in English).
From 1828 Petersen was lawyer for the Bank of Norway department in Christiania, and from 1830-1834 acting Attorney General – an office he left due to disagreement on the salary. He then conducted individual court cases for ministries until 1837. After having defended Prime Minister Løvenskiold during impeachment prosecutions in 1836, he was offered to join the Government, but rejected. In stead he accepted the appointment as diocesan county governor in Christiania.
Taxonomically, Ross River virus belongs to the virus genus "Alphavirus", which is part of the family Togaviridae. The alphaviruses are a group of small enveloped single-strand positive-sense RNA viruses. RRV belongs to a subgroup of "Old World" (Eurasian-African-Australasian) alphaviruses, and is considered closely related to Sagiyama virus.
It is the home base of the NOAA Hurricane Hunters.
Inqueling.

Not being able to find television work, Monclova then became a professional theater actor, and he went on to act in countless theater plays, many of them at Teatro Tapia. Since Teatro Tapia was considered to be the best theater in Puerto Rico (and the hardest one where to act at) both by critics and play fans alike, Monclova impressed many with his performances there.
Death.
Nominated, 

See Years in South Africa for list of References
In the 19th century, Britain replaced the Netherlands as the hegemon. As a result of the new British dominance, the world-system became relatively stable again during the 19th century. The British began to expand all over, with many colonies in the New World, Africa, and Asia. The colonial system began to place a strain on the British military, and along with other factors, led to an economic decline. Again, there was a great deal of core conflict after the British lost their clear dominance. This time it was Germany, and later Italy and Japan providing the new threat.
The family includes a number of viruses:
Taal Volcano is part of a chain of volcanoes along the western side of the edge of the island of Luzon, which were formed by the subduction of the Eurasian Plate underneath the Philippine Mobile Belt. Taal Lake lies within a caldera formed by explosive eruptions between 140,000 and 5,380 BP. Each of these eruptions created extensive ignimbrite deposits, reaching as far away as where Manila stands today.
Flat races
