During the latter stages of his life, he had a history of mental illness, which manifested itself in loud behaviour. He was even reported to have turned up in public, wearing little or no clothing. After a spell in an asylum, doctors warned him against playing any more chess.
Conjugation classes.
His sister Marie married Alexis Rivard, who was also a member of the legislative assembly, and his brother Valère represented Saint-Maurice in the legislative assembly.
The lifting of the federal ban on the export of iron-ore in 1960 further boosted the economy. Rapidly increasing industrial and mining production fueled the rise of suburbanisation and consumerism in Perth and regional centres in the 1960s and 1970s. The Liberal governments of David Brand and Charles Court encouraged these developments. Foreign investment and the increase in the tax base was also used to modernise existing infrastructure. In the 1960s a metropolitan freeway system was constructed to link South Perth and Fremantle with the rapidly growing northern suburbs of Perth. Suburban shopping centres were build in Floreat, Morley, Forrestfield and Midland. A new container port facility was built in North Fremantle, Perth Airport was re-built and progressively the tram/trolley bus network was closed down.
Playing career.
Content.
History.
Academically he had done well so far, but his family did not have the means to afford him education overseas. At that point, unexpected help arrived. Lau Chia-Heng, a pepper merchant whom his father was friendly with at the Teochew Club, made a gift of $5,000 to help fund Koon-Teck's education abroad. Lau Chia-Heng (1874–1934), also spelt as Liau Chia-Heng (also spelt as Liao Chia-Heng and Leow Chia-Heng) was a founding member and a Chairman (1911–1912, 1914) of the Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce, founding Shareholder-Director of the Chinese Commercial Bank, a founding Shareholder-Director of the Sze Hai Tong Banking and Insurance Co., Ltd., and the Teochew representative on the Chinese Advisory Board from 1921–1929.
Bartlett's sister, Maie Bartlett Heard, founded the Heard Museum in Phoenix with her husband Dwight B. Heard.
Turkey.
