<doc id="33621853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33621853" title="Bolivia at the 2012 Summer Olympics">
The UbiSlates are series of Android tablets with touch screens, that also work as smart-phones and are perfect for anytime/anywhere web access, multimedia content and android games & applications The UbiSlate tablet an Android touchscreen tablet that has an HD video co-processor for high quality video experience and comes equipped with DataWind's UbiSurfer browser that accelerates web pages delivery allowing for a fast web experience. The device includes WiFi & GPRS connectivity allowing anytime & anywhere internet access through sim and phone functionality. Optional 3G modems are also supported via USB. In addition to a micro-SD card slot, a full-sized USB port is integrated into the unit allowing pen-drives, external keyboards, web-cams, dongles and other inexpensive peripherals be attached.

With a successful high school career, Dillashaw received a full-ride scholarship to wrestle for CSUF. In the 2005-06 season, Dillashaw's freshmen year, he posted a 14-16 record including a 10-8 mark in dual matches. He went 3-4 in Pac-10 dual meets. Dillashaw traveled to Ukraine in the summer of 2006 to work on his wrestling skills. Dillashaw's sophomore season was a more successful one having an overall record of 17-14 with an 11-4 mark in duals including 5-3 in the Pac-10. In April 2007, he placed sixth in the University Greco Wrestling Championships in Akron, Ohio, at 132.25 pounds. He also placed fourth at the Pac-10 championship in 2007.
Judy lets her estranged husband (John Larroquette) and his girlfriend stay at her place.

Development.
<doc id="33624605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33624605" title="Sahebpur Kamal (Vidhan Sabha constituency)">
Frankfurt Airport station

County Intermediate Football Championship – 2008.
<doc id="33626090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33626090" title="Taryanche Bait">
This partial list of city nicknames in Virginia compiles the aliases, sobriquets and slogans that cities in Virginia are known by (or have been known by historically), officially and unofficially, to municipal governments, local people, outsiders or their tourism boards or chambers of commerce. City nicknames can help in establishing a civic identity, helping outsiders recognize a community or attracting people to a community because of its nickname; promote civic pride; and build community unity. Nicknames and slogans that successfully create a new community "ideology or myth" are also believed to have economic value. Their economic value is difficult to measure, but there are anecdotal reports of cities that have achieved substantial economic benefits by "branding" themselves by adopting new slogans.
Daniel and Dulcie were married on 23 February 1878, and Stella was born in 1880, followed in 1882 by her younger sister Alice Lemira Sylvia Browne, known as Sylvia. When Stella was three years old, Daniel, now Superintendent of Lighthouses, was aboard the Dominion steamship "Princess Louise", and drowned. Though the family was in shock after his death, they were supported in part by money and property from his will, contingent on Dulcie remaining unmarried. Dulcie remained unmarried, sold the home and began a boarding house for single women. This boarding house meant that Stella was brought up in an environment surrounded by the struggles of single women throughout her childhood, and watched the struggle of her own mother, now a single working-woman.
"Liverpool Review"/"Diocesan Review": Vol. 5 (1930)-

Library and Information Science Abstracts
<doc id="33629100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33629100" title="Andy González">
A boat with a mast is depicted to the right of the lettering, with a bird-like object below. Later travelers have left their own markings nearby. The Julien is one of at least eight that he left in Utah between 1831 and 1844. The inscription is significant in depicting an apparent sailboat, supporting the theory that he sailed upstream against the current as the date progression of his inscriptions would imply. Nearby inscriptions left by Bureau of Reclamation employees in 1914 on a damsite survey expedition are also considered significant.

On the Line (Michael Wycoff album)
The EP contains three new tracks, the first one being an original song titled "Coffin", which was a left over from the group's previous album "Set the World on Fire". Coffin's music video was released on June 13, 2012, to members of the BVB mailing list. It was later posted on the official Black Veil Brides website. The other two tracks are covers of the Billy Idol song "Rebel Yell" and Kiss' "Unholy", which also features Zakk Wylde playing the guitar solo. "Rebels" also contains a six-minute long director's cut of their music video for the song "Rebel Love Song".
<doc id="33631913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33631913" title="New Economics Party">
PopMatters reviewer Pete Crigler said, ""On Hats Off to the Bull", Chevelle’s sixth album, they return to their roots with the amazingly heavy first single, "Face to the Floor", which has already become one of their biggest hits. Built on an amazing riff, the song sounds just like Chevelle of 2002, and in this day and age, that’s something that’s perfectly acceptable to listen to."
Judges' vote (between Nguyễn Trường Giang & Vũ Khánh Vân):
Early years.
