The Football League play-offs for the 1998–99 season were held in May 1999, with the finals taking place at the old Wembley Stadium in London. The play-off semi-finals were played over two legs and contested by the teams who finished in 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th place in the Football League First Division and Football League Second Division and the 4th, 5th, 6th and 7th placed teams in the Football League Third Division table. The winners of the semi-finals went through to the finals, with the winner of the matches gaining promotion for the following season.
League Tables.

Phyllonorycter vueltas is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is known from the Iberian Peninsula.

The Tree of Crows
To Johnson, the first question was whether the Kentucky acts were constitutional. If constitutional, which act should be applied? The suit was filed after the legislation of 1797 was enacted, but before the legislation of 1812 was enacted. 
St Peter's Church in Winterborne Came, Dorset, England was built in the 14th century. It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, and is now a redundant church in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. It was vested in the Trust on 1 March 1989.

Clinitrachus argentatus
Alliance Conducted at Sea
Studies suggest that the paleoenvironment of the Ischigualasto Formation was a volcanically active floodplain covered by forests and subject to strong seasonal rainfalls. The climate was moist and warm, though subject to seasonal variations. Vegetation consisted of ferns ("Cladophlebis"), horsetails, and giant conifers ("Protojuniperoxylon"). These plants formed highland forests along the banks of rivers. "Sanjuansaurus" lived in the jungles of Late Triassic South America alongside early dinosaurs, "Eoraptor", "Herrerasaurus", "Chromogisaurus", and "Panphagia", as well as "Saurosuchus", a giant land-living rauisuchian (a quadrupedal meat eater with a theropod-like skull); the broadly similar but smaller "Venaticosuchus", an ornithosuchid; and the predatory chiniquodontids. Herbivores were much more abundant than carnivores and were represented by rhynchosaurs such as "Hyperodapedon" (a beaked reptile); aetosaurs (spiny armored reptiles); kannemeyeriid dicynodonts (stocky, front-heavy beaked quadrupedal animals) such as "Ischigualastia"; and therapsid traversodontids (somewhat similar in overall form to dicynodonts, but lacking beaks) such as "Exaeretodon". These non-dinosaurian herbivores were much more abundant than early ornithischian dinosaurs like "Pisanosaurus".
Ultimate zone rating (UZR) is a sabermetric statistic used to measure fielding. It compares the event that actually happened (hit/out/error) to data on similarly hit balls in the past to determine how much better or worse the fielder did than the "average" player. UZR divides a baseball field into multiple zones and assigns individual fielders responsibility for those zones.
The biological activity of gastrin and CCK is associated with the last five C-terminal residues. One or two positions downstream, there is a conserved sulphated tyrosine residue. 

Carlos Barrios is an Australian artist, born Carlos Manuel Barrios Rosa in 1966 in San Salvador, El Salvador, Central America.
The major "mtindo" (style) popularized by IOSS was "ndekule", a word that is both a reference to traditional Tanzanian war dances and to a species of snakes. The snake thus became the icon of the band.

History.
Statistics.
