Fjölsvinnsmál or The Sayings of Fjölsvinnr is the second of two Old Norse poems commonly published under the title "Svipdagsmál" "The Lay of Svipdagr". These poems are found together in several 17th century paper manuscripts with "Fjölsvinnsmál". In at least three of these manuscripts, the poems appear in reverse order and are separated by a third eddic poem titled "Hyndluljóð". For a long time, the connection between the two poems was not realized, until in 1854 Svend Grundtvig pointed out a connection between the story told in "Gróagaldr" and the first part of the medieval Scandinavian ballad of "Ungen Sveidal"/"Herr Svedendal"/"Hertig Silfverdal". Then in 1856, Sophus Bugge noticed that the last part of the ballad corresponded to "Fjölsvinnsmál". Bugge wrote about this connection in "Forhandlinger i Videnskabs-Selskabet i Christiania 1860ææ", calling the two poems together "Svipdagsmál". Subsequent scholars have accepted this title.
The station launched on VHF channel 5 on September 20, 1997 under the ownership Craig Media, two days after its A-Channel sister station CKEM-TV in Edmonton went on the air for the first time. It billed itself as a station with a very deep connection to Calgary, and whose schedule was not determined by interests in Toronto. Its slogan was "Very independent, very Calgary!" CKAL's opening was marked with a street party and its main studio was easily visible from passersby on 7th Avenue; during the station's first year it even operated a small cafe near its main entrance.
The best recent estimates are that between 33,000 and 55,000 men from British North America (BNA) served in the Union army, and a few hundred in the Confederate army. Many of these men already lived in the United States; they were joined by volunteers signed up in Canada by Union recruiters.
Employed in cruising along Confederate-controlled coasts "Rhode Island's" duty was highlighted by the capture of the British blockade runner "Vixen" on 1 December 1864. Sailing from Hampton Roads on 11 December with the monitor in tow, "Rhode Island" joined the squadron attacking Fort Fisher, taking part in the first assault on 24 December and the second, successful attempt of 13–15 January 1865. Signal Quartermaster Charles H. Foy was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Second Battle of Fort Fisher.
In order to give his new province access to the ocean, Penn had leased the proprietary rights of the King's brother, James, Duke of York to what became known as the "three lower counties" on the Delaware. The Province of Pennsylvania was never merged with the Lower Counties because the Duke of York, and Penn, never had a clear title to it. He governed them both, and his deputy governors were assigned to both as well. In Penn's "Frame of Government of 1682," he tried to establish a combined assembly by providing for equal membership from each county and requiring legislation to have the assent of both the Lower Counties and the Upper Counties of Chester, Philadelphia and Bucks. The meeting place alternated between Philadelphia and New Castle (now in Delaware). Once Philadelphia began to grow, its leaders resented having to go to New Castle, which was a lengthy trip by horse. They gained agreement by the assemblymen of the Lower Counties in 1704 to have the two assemblies meet separately from then on.
A zip-line (or zip line, zip wire, aerial runway, aerial ropeslide, death slide, flying fox, or foefie slide (in South Africa)) consists of a pulley suspended on a cable, usually made of stainless steel, mounted on an incline. It is designed to enable a user propelled by gravity to travel from the top to the bottom of the inclined cable by holding on to, or attaching to, the freely moving pulley. Zip-lines come in many forms, most often used as a means of entertainment. They may be short and low, intended for child's play and found on some playgrounds. Longer and higher rides are often used as a means of accessing remote areas, such as a rainforest canopy. Zip line tours are becoming popular vacation activities, found at outdoor adventure camps or upscale resorts, where they may be an element on a larger challenge or ropes course. The jungles of Costa Rica, Florida, Puerto Vallarta,and Nicaragua are popular destinations for zip line enthusiasts.
Career.
, there were 809 workers who commuted into the municipality and 928 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. A total of 722 workers (47.2% of the 1,531 total workers in the municipality) both lived and worked in La Neuveville. 
It is one of very few car-free resort villages in Europe, although there are a few service vehicles, local farm vehicles, electric vehicles for taxiing to and from the railway station. This creates a tranquil atmosphere throughout the village and reduces traffic noise. For ecological reasons other resorts are considering following the car-free example. Across the Lauterbrunnen valley, Murren, too, is largely car free.
"Perpetuum Mobile" contains overarching references to its namesake perpetuum mobile (the musical term) and to perpetual motion (the physical concept). Other ideas include Boreas, Ararat (of note both for the Einstürzende Neubauten song "Armenia" and Mount Ararat), travel and airplanes, and rare birds.
Although a large movement in the 1940s and 1950s, Toc H struggled a little to attract younger members. To address this, the Project scheme was begun in the late 1950s: branches established a series of weekend, and sometimes longer, residential projects intended to attract young volunteers. Hundreds of projects were run annually, covering environmental work and other manual projects, play schemes, and work with groups such as the elderly, disabled, and disadvantaged children.
Low intellectual, cultural, and moral level of New Russians
<doc id="666094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=666094" title="Island Lake">
Furthermore, identification based on spatial attributes is a very natural human ability, requiring little or no conscious thought. The ability to recognize and recall locations within the hierarchy based on the appearance and position of folder windows is the primary purpose of the spatial file manager. All of the "rules" and behaviors that define the spatial file manager are designed to ensure that the strengths of the visual/spatial recognition and recall abilities of the human brain are leveraged. The idea is that these abilities are more natural and require "less work" than other forms of recognition based on reading text, maintaining an awareness of "current working directory" (in a command-line environment, for example), relying on the memory of past actions, or any other non-spatial cues.
This Christian missionary movement seeks to implement churches after the pattern of the first century Apostles. The process of forming disciples is necessarily social. "Church" should be understood in the widest sense, as a body of believers of Christ rather than simply a building. In this view, even those who are already culturally Christian must be "evangelized".
