Bruno started his footballing career with Marília and played for several other Brazilian teams, such as Palmeiras and Grêmio Barueri.


Jindřich Svoboda (aviator)
The Government of Azerbaijan made limited progress to assist some victims during the reporting period; however, these efforts were overshadowed by the government’s lack of assistance to hundreds of victims of forced labor. In August 2009, the government adopted a national referral mechanism for victims of trafficking and approved a list of trafficking indicators in September 2009 to aid in law enforcement officials’ identification of victims; however, the government did not use these tools to identify and assist approximately 496 victims associated with one labor trafficking case discovered in October 2009.

Oryzomyini, also known as rice rats, is a diverse grouping of North, Central, and South American rodents within the family Cricetidae. Remains of extinct rice rats are known throughout the Lesser Antilles, but the systematic relationships among those animals are poorly understood, and many species remain unnamed. Rice rat fossils were first recorded from Saint Kitts in 1907 by archeologist C.W. Branch and were later found in abundance in Amerindian archeological sites on nearby Nevis and Sint Eustatius. The rice rat of these islands was formally described and named as "Pennatomys nivalis" in a 2010 article by zoologist Samuel Turvey and coworkers. The generic name, "Pennatomys", combines the Latin "pennatus" "winged" with "-mys" "mouse", a standard element in the names of rodent genera, and honors archeologist Elizabeth Wing. The specific name, "nivalis", is Latin for "snowy" and refers to Nevis. This island's name derives from the Spanish "Nuestra Señora de las Nieves" "Our Lady of the Snows", a reference to the clouds (mistaken for snow) that surround the island's central peak.
Soibada is a town in the Soibada Subdistrict, Manatuto District of East Timor. Its population at the 2004 census was 2,692.
Football at the 2011 Pan American Games – Men's tournament
