His first starring role using the name professionally was in the serial "Undersea Kingdom", in which his character was also named "Crash Corrigan." The serial was created to capitalize on the popularity of the "Flash Gordon" serials and the name may have been created by the Republic publicity department to create a similarly named hero.
His debut came during the former's qualifying stage, in a 1–0 home win against Iceland on 27 October 1982 in which he played the full 90 minutes.
Barrett took the role of Malcolm Harris in "Terry and June" after the original actor Terence Alexander was unavailable to return for production to begin on the Christmas Show as he had just started playing Charlie Hungerford in "Bergerac".
Paulina Tomaszewska - first female F-16 pilot
Visionary response to existentialism
<doc id="9318186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9318186" title="Where the Groupies Killed the Blues">
The episode starts off with James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway) noticing Paulo (Rodrigo Santoro) with one of his magazines; he explains that "they share things now." After seeing that the castaways have set up a ping-pong table, Sawyer decides to challenge someone to a game to retrieve his "stash". Sun-Hwa Kwon (Yunjin Kim) decides that if he loses, he has to give up using colorful nicknames for a week.
<doc id="9318912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9318912" title="Porfirio Armando Betancourt">
The last Victorian Railways service to call at Nhill was the Dimboola to Serviceton that ceased on 1 December 1978. In March 2007 "The Overland" began calling at the station.
In 2007 Vitacress had a turnover of £81m and employed around 1,000 people. On July 1 2008, Portuguese company RAR Group reportedly bought Vitacress for £52.5 Million.
Name and history.
<doc id="9320627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9320627" title="Captain (naval)">
Personnel.
Rasonic
Global Travel.
Scaggsville is located in southern Howard County, bordered by Fulton to the west, Columbia to the north, North Laurel to the southeast, West Laurel in Prince George's County to the south, and Burtonsville in Montgomery County to the southwest. The Patuxent River forms the southern edge of the Scaggsville CDP, as well as the Howard County line. U.S. Route 29 follows the western edge of the CDP, leading north to Columbia and south to downtown Washington, D.C. Interstate 95 forms the eastern edge of the CDP, leading northeast to downtown Baltimore and southwest to Washington's Beltway. Maryland Route 216 runs east-west through the center of Scaggsville, connecting US 29 and I-95, and leads southeast to Laurel.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Colima () (erected 11 December 1881) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guadalajara.

At 8:25 p.m., during a landing approach in poor weather conditions, it crashed into the top of a hill in open desert country about SSW of Las Vegas. All 29 aboard -- 26 passengers and a crew of three -- died instantly when the plane exploded on impact, no more than 10 feet (3 m) below a ridge crest. Although this was not the only incident involving a Bonanza Air Lines airplane, it is the only crash with fatalities during the airline's 23-year history. 
Next morning a picture in the Sydney tabloid newspaper "The Daily Telegraph" showed O'Keefe accepting a piece of jewellery from the very appreciative Lloyd Price. The promoters were obviously even more happy as refunds would not have been necessary.
<doc id="9324194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9324194" title="Westby, New South Wales">
<doc id="9324544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9324544" title="J. Michael Steele">
Rabbi James Rudin, a senior interreligious advisor for the American Jewish Community, described Eckstein as "well-respected within the American Jewish mainstream. Until he came along, evangelicals and Jews were like ships passing in the night.” 
Diner's Club is spelled Diners' Club in the film's title, as seen on the poster.
A second season of the reality TV show, "MyTeam2", was broadcast in 2007 (MyTeam2 took on the Indonesian national football team, losing 2-0). Three players from MyTeam2 (Muhamad Noor Hassan, Mohan a/l R. Azmi and Mohd Hisham Hashim) have joined the UPB MyTeam FC squad for the 2007-08 Malaysian Super League season.
It was eventually abolished in 1920, after the responsibility for the administration of Moro lands was transferred to the Bureau of Non-Christian Tribes of the Philippines' Department of the Interior. It was headed by a governor, subordinate to the U.S. Governor-General of the Philippine Islands. Frank C. Carpenter served as its governor from 1914 to 1920.
He topped Quaid-i-Azam University by setting an all-time Computer Science Department record of a cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of 4.9 on a scale of 5.0. In result, he was awarded the Quaid-e-Azam Scholarship for higher studies abroad, which he used to receive his Master of Science (M.Sc) degree and his Ph.D. in computer science in the United States. He completed his M.Sc. in just one year at the University of Pennsylvania by securing a CGPA of 3.9 on a scale of 4.0. He taught in Australia for around three years during his Ph.D. He came back to Pakistan after fully completing his Ph.D., where he taught at Quaid-e-Azam University, Bahauddin Zakariya University, Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS), and then Mohammad Ali Jinnah University.

The award was won by the Volvo FH.
Polar configuration.




