Patthar Ke Phool () is a 1991 Bollywood film starring Salman Khan who plays a police officer fighting an underworld gang. Raveena Tandon plays the female lead role while Vinod Mehra, Kiran Kumar, Reema Lagoo and Manohar Singh appear in supporting roles.
<doc id="2775325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2775325" title="PubMed Central">
Alejandro Meloño
Pigot entered the service of the East India Company in 1736, at the age of 17; after nineteen years he became governor and commander-in-chief of Madras in 1755. Having defended the city against the French in 1758-1759 and occupied Pondichéry on behalf of the company, he resigned his office in November 1763 and returned to the Kingdom of Great Britain, being made a baronet in 1764. In the following year he obtained the seat of Wallingford in the Parliament of Great Britain, and this he retained until 1768; in 1766 he was created an Irish peer as Baron Pigot, of Patshull in the County of Dublin. From 1768 until his death he sat in the British House of Commons for Bridgnorth.
The Decision.

Arrival in America.
MVM Entertainment
Soundtrack.
Brahma's day is divided in one thousand cycles "(Maha Yuga", or the Great Year). "Maha Yuga", during which life, including the human race appears and then disappears, has 71 divisions, each made of 14 "Manvantara" (1000) years. Each "Maha Yuga" lasts for 4,320,000 years. "Manvantara" is Manu's cycle, the one who gives birth and governs the human race.
Finance.
Hill came from a family of distinguished academics – her father, A. V. Hill, had earned a Nobel prize in physiology. Her mother Margaret Keynes was a daughter of the economist John Neville Keynes, and sister of the economist John Maynard Keynes and the surgeon Geoffrey Keynes. Her own brothers were the physiologist David Keynes Hill and the oceanographer Maurice Hill, while her sister Janet married the immunologist John Herbert Humphrey.

Cancellation.
Judgments.
Microsoft Office 97 is notable as the first version of Office to feature the Office Assistant, a feature initially designed to assist users by the way of an interactive animated character, which interfaced with the Office help content. The default assistant was Clippit, nicknamed Clippy, a paperclip. The office assistant feature would continue to be available in Office versions up until and including Microsoft Office 2003. In Office XP the feature was hidden by default and not installed by default in Office 2003.
Research.
The show on BBC2 featured celebrities Julia Sawalha, Anton du Beke, Clive Anderson, Huey Morgan, Mishal Husain, Selina Scott, Kirsty Gallacher and Theo Paphitis pairing up with untrained rescue dogs for a Crufts-style competition. Every week, one duo was eliminated by a panel of three professional judges Kay Lawrence, Annie Clayton and Peter Purves and the viewers via telephone voting. The outgoing dog being put up for adoption to find a new home with a viewer, although Theo, Kirsty and Clive adopted the rescue dogs they were paired with.
<doc id="2779997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2779997" title="Monoprinting">
Dream diary

Georg has two brothers; Kjartan Dagur Hólm (1989), a guitarist in For a Minor Reflection and Starri Hólm (1999).
The main news sections on the site are South Africa, World, Africa, Travel, Technology, Green and Opinion. News24 also publishes Special Reports (SA Politics, Zimbabwe, AIDS Focus and more) that offer readers in-depth coverage of the most important news events. Regular columnists feature on the site and deliver comments on events in the news. Reportage on business news is done through Fin24.com and on sport through Sport24.co.za. Entertainment news is reported on Channel24.co.za.
"“All those companeros, however radical they may be in cafes, unions, and even affinity groups , seem to drop their costumes as lovers of female liberation at the doors of their homes. Inside, they behave with their companeras just like common “husband.”"
Sinaloa
<doc id="2780978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2780978" title="Ivory Joe Hunter">
The Smaarta Brahmins in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh can be grouped into two major divisions: the Vaidiki Brahmins - Learners of Vedas and Niyogi - those appointed to official positions by Kings. 
Aboriginal culture.
On April 19, 1862, close to Shiloh, Harvey stopped overnight near Savannah, Tennessee. Late that evening, while trying to step from a tethered boat to a moving steamboat headed back north (a common but dangerous practice), Harvey fell into the Tennessee River and drowned, despite the strenuous rescue efforts of members of his party.
As a consequence, Petrom has a "de facto" monopoly on the oil production of Romania. Moreover, the state did not impose price controlling clauses in the privatization contract, so that Romanian-produced petroleum is sold in Romania at the same price as imported petroleum.
Emperor He was unaware that he was not Empress Dowager Dou's biological son, and he continued to honor and respect her, even though not giving her any real authority, after the fall of the Dou brothers. After she died in 97, however, it became known that he was actually born of Consort Liang. While Emperor He posthumously honored Consort Liang and also rewarded her family with power and wealth subsequently, he rejected a suggestion to posthumously demote Empress Dowager Dou. Instead, she was buried with full imperial honors, with her husband Emperor Zhang.
The divisions of the year were on the basis of religious rites and seasons ("Rtu"). The duration from mid March—Mid May was taken to be spring ("vasanta"), mid May—mid July: summer ("grishma"), mid July—mid September: rains ("varsha"), mid September—mid November: autumn, mid November—mid January: winter, mid January—mid March: "dew" ("śiśira").
<doc id="2782199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2782199" title="GRE (disambiguation)">
Biography.
The church launched a fourth location in November 2007 at the Loews Movie Theaters in Georgetown, a community nestled along the Potomac River in the northwest quadrant of Washington. The theaters are located on K Street walking distance from the well-frequented shops and restaurants along Wisconsin Avenue and M Street and the campuses of Georgetown University and George Washington University.
Pemulwuy, New South Wales
Trial Bay is one of the few north facing bays on the Australian east coast.

Palais de l'Industrie
Plot.
William H. Hurdman (October 9, 1818-February 20, 1901) was a Canadian entrepreneur and community leader.
Blackburn was born in Glasgow, Scotland in 1828, the son of Robert Blackburn, and came to Canada in 1842. He became a lumber merchant and partner in woollen mills. He was reeve of Gloucester Township, Ontario in 1864. He was also reeve of New Edinburgh, Ontario from 1868 to 1870 and from 1871 to 1873. In 1864, Blackburn married Mary Ann French. He was Liberal Member of Parliament for Russell from 1874 to 1878. Blackburn also served as a director of the Bank of Ottawa and the Ottawa Agricultural Insurance Company. Along with William Goodhue Perley and others, he helped establish the Ottawa City Passenger Railway Company, a horse-drawn tram service, in 1866. He died in Liverpool, England at the age of 64.
Taylor flew Victoria 76 to Australia and back in 1980. Taylor flew "Victoria '76" to both the true North Pole and the Magnetic North Pole in 1984. Although the aircraft had a special heritage, he used "her" for routine transportation to-and-from his isolated ranch in the Southern California high semi-desert. In the early 1980s he had offered the T-18 to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C. for display, but he was unable to obtain a firm agreement from them to display her to the public as he wished. Instead, "Victoria '76" is now on display at the Experimental Aircraft Association's AirVenture museum in Oshkosh. His civilian flying awards include the FAA Distinguished Service Award (1977) and the NAA Harmon Internal Trophy (1984 Aviator) which was presented to him on March 20, 1989 by Vice President Dan Quayle.
Arganil

The surname "Flamininus" is probably derived from "flamen", which also gave rise to the "gens Flaminia". It may have signified an ancestor who was a flamen, or perhaps the servant of a flamen. This family first appears in history during the Second Punic War, and it remained prominent over the next century.
There are no passages or corridors in the Sassanid palaces. The rooms for the most part open one into the other. Where this is not the case, they give upon a common meeting−ground, which is either an open court, or a large vaulted apartment. The openings are in general doorways of moderate size, but sometimes they are arches of the full width of the subordinate room or apartment. As many as seventeen or eighteen rooms have been found in a palace.
Robert Lawson (October 4, 1892 – May 27, 1957) was an American author and illustrator of children's books.

When Ganthet duplicates the seven colored rings to deputize partners for each of the bearers, the violet ring chooses Wonder Woman as Carol's partner, deciding that no one else has more love for the planet Earth. Wonder Woman was under the control of a black ring (from being one of numerous resurrected superheroes), but she and the violet ring's power are enough to break the black ring's hold, turning Wonder Woman into a Star Sapphire.
where formula_2 is the torque, formula_3 is the magnetic dipole moment, formula_4 is the angular momentum vector, formula_5 is the external magnetic field, formula_6 symbolizes the cross product, and formula_7 is the gyromagnetic ratio which gives the proportionality constant between the magnetic moment and the angular momentum.
He was born at Llanycil, Bala, Merionethshire, on 22 September 1837. 
When Lisbon became the center of the Kingdom, in 1255, the castle acted as the "alcáçova": a fortified residence for Afonso III, in his role as governor. It was extensively renovated around 1300 by King Denis I, transforming the Moorish alcáçova into the "Royal Palace of the Alcáçova". Between 1373 and 1375, King Ferdinand I constructed the "Cerca Nova" or "Cerca Fernandina", the walled compound that enclosed the entirety of the castle. During this construction, masters João Fernandes and Vasco Brás were responsible for the activities onsite. This wall, which partially replaced the old Moorish walls, was designed to encircle previously-unprotected parts of the city. Completed in two years, it had 77 towers and a perimeter of .
The non-combatant participation of the SDF in the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia (UNTAC) in conjunction with Japanese diplomatic efforts contributed to the successful implementation of the 1991 Paris Peace Accords for Cambodia. In May 1993, the SDF deployed fifty-three peacekeepers to Mozambique to participate in the United Nations Operation in Mozambique.
In "Week Ten", the 7–1 Rams and the 6–2 Lions met in Detroit's Thanksgiving Day game. For the Lions it was a must-win game, but they lost 28–21; at 8–1–0, the Rams clinched the division. Days later, the 5–2 Eagles hosted the 6–1 Redskins, and the Eagles' 16–0 win tied the teams at 6–2–0 in the Eastern race. The next week, however, the Eagles lost to the Giants 28–21, while the Redskins beat the Steelers 24–0. Washington's 17–0 win over the Giants the next week clinched its division.
<doc id="2785519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2785519" title="DSP Media">
Legal status.
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 24.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (22.6%), the SVP (20.3%) and the FDP (8.7%). 
The fifth-generation Hiace appeared in 2005 as a wide long-wheelbase wagon, wide super-long-wheelbase high-roof "Grand Cabin", long-wheelbase van, long-wheelbase high-roof van and a wide super-long-wheelbase high-roof van. In this generation the gear stick has been moved to the dashboard to enable easier movement in the cabin. Five-speed manual and four-speed automatic transmissions are available.
He did not return from the East until 1538, when he was sent almost immediately to England, to replace Louis de Perreau, Sieur de Castillon at the court of Henry VIII where he remained until 1543. He is known to have sent dispatches back to France detailing events such as the king's first meeting with Anne of Cleves and the demise of Thomas Cromwell. He retained his influence during the reign of Henry II, fulfilling important missions in Switzerland and later at the imperial court (1547–1551), and at the courts of the German princes (1553–1554).
