Biography.
"Lonchura punctulata" is an abundant species and classified as "Least Concern" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). The species occupies an extremely large range, and its population, while still unquantified, is large and stable. The scaly-breasted munia is not globally threatened and is common to very common throughout most of its range. However, some populations, such as those in the Lesser Sunda Islands are scarce.
In the 2002–03 NHL season, Bates led the NHL with six short-handed goals.
Dave decides to run for city council, and Ellen comes to the office to volunteer. As they embrace, Duane, a Kovic campaign button on his lapel, stands guard outside the office door.

GCC "cleanup" extension for C.
<doc id="693671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=693671" title="Murray Gleeson">

Jonathan Lewis of Allmusic felt it showed them "as a talented young band, despite the flimsy songwriting and the lack of light and shade on the album". While Greg Lawrence at WHAMMO.com.au noted that it provides "a mature, complete range – from the early-penned punk mayhem of 'Blame' to the delicacy of the 'Twilight=Dusk', from the dark tones of 'Jerks of Attention' to the bright strains of radio hit 'Leaving Home'. The album does a great job of capturing the amazing live dynamic of the band".

Ko Samui
Her first novel, "Behind the Scenes at the Museum", won the 1995 Whitbread Book of the Year ahead of Salman Rushdie's "The Moor's Last Sigh" and Roy Jenkins's biography of William Ewart Gladstone. It went on to be a "Sunday Times" bestseller. Since then, she has published another five novels, one play, and one collection of short stories.
CBS DVD (distributed by Paramount) has released the first three seasons of "Becker" on DVD in Region 1. Season 4 & 5 are Manufacture-on-Demand (MOD) releases, available exclusively via Amazon.com's CreateSpace program.
Pospolite ruszenie (, lit. "mass mobilization"; "Noble Host", , the French term "levée en masse" is also used) is a name for the mobilisation of armed forces during the period of the Kingdom of Poland and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. The tradition of wartime mobilisation of part of the population existed from before the 13th century to the 19th century. In the later era, "pospolite ruszenie" units were formed from the "szlachta" (Polish "nobility"). The "pospolite ruszenie" was eventually outclassed by professional forces.
Many times the President-elect's name is added after the "I"; for example, "I, Franklin D. Roosevelt, do ... " Lyndon B. Johnson did not add his name when swearing his first oath of office after Kennedy's death since he was never asked to say his name; there is evidence that in all other inaugurations since Franklin D. Roosevelt's first, the name of the president was added to the oath.
Seal hunting.

