Italy.
"Midget In A Nightclub" and "Sweet Alcohol" are You Am I originals. (Rogers)
Kaikyō Yume Tower

<doc id="20607214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607214" title="39th Quebec Legislature">
Khaled bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud
The entire development was listed as an approved IT Park by the Philippine Economic Zone Authority in February 2009. This status makes export-oriented companies located therein eligible for temporary tax holiday, permanent reduced rate of corporate income tax, and other incentives. IBM announced in February 2009 that it would open an Innovation Center at the park, its second in Southeast Asia after the one located in Malaysia. Convergys also inaugurated its contact center at TechnoHub in April 2009, along with two others simultaneously opened at Nuvali TechnoHub in Santa Rosa, Laguna and Cebu IT Park in Cebu City.
Zip and bong (also known as zip bong, zip 'n' bong, or zip zip bong) is a car or party group-dynamic game which requires little skill and no accessories. Surfacing around the turn of the 21st century, it is widespread throughout the United States, with documented practice on the East and West Coasts and in the Midwest and South, largely in college and youth communities.

Lebanon.
The building was placed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 2008 as a significant work of Percy Everett, and for being "one of the few large public buildings designed in the streamline horizontal Moderne style" in Victoria. Together with Building 5 (Old Chemistry School) and Building 7 (Old Metallurgy School) it forms Everett's suite of European Moderne buildings on the campus.
<doc id="20609756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609756" title="Čezsoča">
Fielding.
Jacques Réattu
Rishworth railway station was a railway station on the Rishworth Branch, built by the Lancashire & Yorkshire Railway, to serve the village of Rishworth in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England. It opened in 1881 and closed to passenger services in 1929; goods traffic ceased in 1953.
<doc id="20610874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20610874" title="Shreepur Chhatiwan">
West or western Eurasia is a loose geographic definition used in some disciplines, such as genetics or anthropology, to refer to the region inhabited by the relatively homogeneous population of West Asia and Europe. The people of this region are sometimes described collectively as West or Western Eurasians.
Wolfgang Röhder (17 August 1911 — 16 May 1945) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.

Major Compositions, selected performances.
Jules-Fontaine Sambwa Pida Nbagui was born in Mbandaka, on 12 November 1940. He died on 4 March 1998. After graduating in Economy and Finance at the University of Brussels in 1967, he exercised the following high offices in the Republic of Zaire:
After a short skirmish, the couple were bound with duct tape and gagged. Jenkins-Pietrzak was then sexually assaulted as her husband was forced to watch. Finally, both were shot in the head, execution-style. Several small fires were set in the home in an apparent attempt to destroy evidence of the crime. Lance Cpl. Emrys John, age 18, of Maryland, Lance Cpl. Kesuan Sykes, age 21, of California, Pvt. Kevin Darnell Cox, 20, of Tennessee, and Lance Cpl. Tyrone Miller, age 20, of North Carolina were charged with the murders. Two of the four Marines charged in the execution-style murders worked for Pietrzak. Three of the suspects claim that the shooter was 18-year-old John. Miller and Cox have reportedly confessed to the murders, although all four suspects have accused the others of raping Jenkins-Pietrzak. Shortly before the murder, John posted "Chillin waitin 4 da killin" on his MySpace page.
Early work.
<doc id="20613370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20613370" title="Natalia Sánchez (actress)">
After the Second Republic was proclaimed in Spain in 1932, Tona returned to Barcelona and opened an advertising agency. Around 1936 he was actively contributing to the republican movement by drawing propaganda posters. In 1939 he became a refugee from the Spanish Civil War and returned to France before moving on to Algeria after Germany's invasion.
The Parc Zoologique et Botanique de Mulhouse is a public zoo and botanical garden located at 51 Rue du Jardin Zoologique, Mulhouse, in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace Region of France.
On 9 June 2009, Little Boots released an EP titled "Illuminations" in the United States and Canada. It includes "Stuck on Repeat", "New in Town", "Magical", "Love Kills" (a cover of Freddie Mercury's 1984 song) and "Not Now" (which is only available on the US edition). Designed to help relaunch Elektra Records, the EP peaked at number fourteen on the "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums chart on the issue dated 27 June 2009.
