According to MGM records the film earned $1,966,000 in the US and Canada and $1,822,000 elsewhere, making the studio a profit of $947,000.
Philippe de Carteret I, 2nd Seigneur of Sark (1552–1594) was the Seigneur of Sark from 1578 to 1594.

He is a minor character in "Sonic Rush", where he accosts protagonist Blaze the Cat under the impression that she has stolen Chaos Emeralds. In the Nintendo DS version of "Sonic Colors", Knuckles arrives at an amusement park Eggman has created after receiving a letter. Frustrated at having been tricked, he challenges Sonic to a race as a mission, but shortly learns that Rouge wrote it. In console versions of "Sonic Generations", he can be found beside the entrance of the Sky Sanctuary level, and appears in two of the game's missions. In "Sonic Lost World", Knuckles and Amy Rose look after forest animals while Sonic and Tails rescue the animals' friends. Later, the Deadly Six, the game's antagonists, take control of one of Eggman's machines to drain life from the world, and Amy and Knuckles die, but they are brought back to life when Sonic and Tails replenish it.
"Übermensch" in English.
Examples of soft power.
At an Imperial conference in 1930, it was agreed that the Governors-General of the Dominions would be appointed by the King on the advice of the Dominion in question. And following the passing of the Statute of Westminster in 1931 (which was adopted in full by New Zealand in 1947), the government of the United Kingdom relinquished all control over the government of New Zealand. This however had no bearing on the obligations of the Governor-General of New Zealand in his capacity as Governor of the Ross Dependency on the appointment of Her Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom. Then in the year 1959, the Antarctic Treaty was signed by twelve nations which included both the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
Ladislaus succeeded his brother in 1077, but Solomon was able to contest him from two fortressesMoson and Pressburg (Bratislava, Slovakia)in the western regions. For King Henry IV of Germany supported Solomon, Ladislaus made an alliance with the German monarch's opponents during the first phase of the Investiture Controversy. Solomon abdicated and acknowledged Ladislaus's reign in 1081, but he conspired against the king and was imprisoned. Ladislaus set his dethroned cousin free on the occasion of the canonization of the first saints in Hungaryincluding, his distant relatives, King Stephen I and Duke Emericin 1085.
John Balleny
Africanized honey bees (also spelled Africanised honey bees), known colloquially as "killer bees", are a hybrid of the Western honey bee species, ("Apis mellifera"), produced originally by cross-breeding of the African honey bee "A. m. scutellata", with various European honey bees such as the Italian bee "A. m. ligustica" and the Iberian bee "A. m. iberiensis". The African honey bee was first introduced to Brazil in the 1950s in an effort to increase honey production, but in 1957, 26 swarms accidentally escaped quarantine and since then have spread throughout South and Central America and arriving in North America in 1985.
Hnida left Colorado in 2001 and eventually transferred to the University of New Mexico the following year. There she made the New Mexico Lobos football team as a walk-on placekicker. On August 30, 2003 she became the first woman to score in a Division I-A game when she kicked two extra points against Texas State University in the fourth quarter of a 72-8 New Mexico win. While at New Mexico she played in the 2002 Las Vegas Bowl against UCLA, when her extra point attempt was blocked. She graduated in December 2004.
Czerny left Vienna only to make trips to Italy, France (in 1837, when he was assisted by Liszt) and England. After 1840, Czerny devoted himself exclusively to composition. He wrote a large number of piano solo exercises for the development of the pianistic technique, designed to cover from the first lessons for children up to the needs of the most advanced virtuoso. (see List of compositions by Carl Czerny).
Gulbuddin Hekmatyar was born in 1947 in Imam Sahib District of the Kunduz province, northern Afghanistan, a member of the Kharoti tribe of the Ghilzai Pashtun. His father, Ghulam Qader, who migrated to Kunduz, is originally from the center of Ghazni province.
F.
An analysis of the evolution of mass media in the US and Europe since World War II noted mixed results from the growth of the Internet: "The digital revolution has been good for freedom of expression information [but has had mixed effects on freedom of the press": It has disrupted traditional sources of funding, and new forms of Internet journalism have replaced only a tiny fraction of what's been lost. Various systems have been proposed for increasing the funds available for investigative journalism that allow individual citizens to direct small amounts of government funds to news outlets or investigative journalism projects of their choice. 
In August 1911, the United States Army's Chief Signal Officer, whose Aeronautical Division was the nation's air service, recommended the establishment of an air station in the Philippines. Military aviation began there on 12 March 1912, when 1st Lt. Frank P. Lahm of the 7th Cavalry, detailed to the Division, opened the Philippine Air School on the polo field of Fort William McKinley, using a single Wright B airplane to train pilots. Ultimately attriting four of the Army's first 18 airplanes, aviation went temporarily out of business when the last plane crashed into Corregidor's San Jose Bay on 12 January 1915. The first U.S. aviation unit stationed overseas was the 1st Company, 2nd Aero Squadron, sent to Corregidor in January 1916. It used four Martin S seaplanes to adjust battery fire for Fort Mills, but was demobilized at the end of World War I. A new 2d Aero Squadron returned in December 1919, and a permanent military aviation presence was established with the organization on 20 March 1920 of the 1st Observation Group of the United States Army's Air Service at Fort Stotsenburg, consisting of the 2nd Squadron on Corregidor and the 3rd Squadron at Fort Stotsenburg. An additional squadron, the 28th, was activated on 1 September 1922 at Nichols Field, and the group, now at Clark Field, was redesignated the "4th Composite Group" on 2 December 1922. On 25 January 1923 the three squadrons were redesignated, respectively, the 2nd Observation, 3rd Pursuit, and 28th Bombardment Squadrons.
During World War II, Hill served in the United States Marine Corps as a cargo pilot in the South Pacific. 
Beards have also become a source of competition between athletes. Examples of athlete "beard-offs" include NBA players DeShawn Stevenson and Drew Gooden in 2008, and WWE superstar Daniel Bryan and Oakland Athletics outfielder Josh Reddick in 2013.
On August 2, 2005, Yzerman signed a one-year deal with the Red Wings; this was his last contract signed as a player. On March 31, 2006 he scored his 691st NHL career goal, passing Mario Lemieux for 8th place all-time. Yzerman's humility was evident in an interview regarding his achievement after the game when he was quoted saying "I don't really know the significance. If anything, it shows how good is; he played almost five years less than I did." He scored his final NHL goal, the 692nd of his career, on April 3, 2006, in a game against the Calgary Flames.
The team meets up with Wolverine in Tokyo, where his betrothed, Mariko Yashida, greets Rogue with greater warmth than she had received from her own teammates. This kindness later motivates Rogue to take a fatal laser blast in order to shield Mariko. Feeling indebted to her for saving his fiancée, Wolverine offers to transfer his healing power to her in order to save her life. She refuses, arguing that it might kill him, but this only serves to gain his trust, and Wolverine touches her to transfer his power anyway. Soon after, she gains the full trust of the rest of the team by using her power on a severely injured Colossus, willingly leaving herself in the same rigid, melted form as he was to allow Healer to heal his wounds.
Its first use was in rigid airship frames eventually including all those of the "Great Airship" era of the 1920s and 1930s: the German passenger Zeppelins LZ 127 "Graf Zeppelin", LZ 129 "Hindenburg", LZ 130 "Graf Zeppelin II", and U.S. Navy airships USS "Los Angeles" (ZR-3, ex-LZ 126), USS "Akron" (ZRS-4) and USS "Macon" (ZRS-5). Its composition and heat treatment were a wartime secret. With this new rip-resistant mixture, duralumin quickly spread throughout the aircraft industry in the early 1930s, where it was well suited to the new monocoque construction techniques that were being introduced at the same time. Duralumin also is popular for use in precision tools such as levels because of its light weight and strength.
Archaeological evidence shows that the site continued to be inhabited, albeit by a much smaller population devoid of urban influences. The few people who returned to Lothal could not reconstruct and repair their city, but surprisingly continued to stay and preserved religious traditions, living in poorly built houses and reed huts. That they were the Harappan peoples is evidenced by the analyses of their remains in the cemetery. While the trade and resources of the city were almost entirely gone, the people retained several Harappan ways in writing, pottery and utensils. About this time ASI archaeologists record a mass movement of refugees from Punjab and Sindh into Saurashtra and to the valley of Sarasvati (1900–1700 BCE). Hundreds of ill-equipped settlements have been attributed to this people as "Late Harappans" a completely de-urbanised culture characterised by rising illiteracy, less complex economy, unsophisticated administration and poverty. Though Indus seals went out of use, the system of weights with an 8.573 gram (0.3024 oz avoirdupois) unit was retained. Between 1700 and 1600 BCE, trade would revive again. In Lothal, Harappan ceramic works of bowls, dishes and jars were mass-produced. Merchants used local materials such as chalcedony instead of chert for stone blades. Truncated sandstone weights replaced hexahedron chert weights. The sophisticated painting style reduced itself to wavy lines, loops and fronds.
Kahlo's mother, Matilde Calderón y González, was a devout Roman Catholic of mixed Amerindian and Spanish ancestry. Her parents were married soon after the death of Guillermo's first wife, which occurred during the birth of her second child. Although their marriage was quite unhappy, Guillermo and Matilde had four daughters; Kahlo was the third. She had two older half sisters who were raised in the same household. She remarked that she grew up in a world surrounded by females. However, during most of her life, she remained on amicable terms with her father.
The Renault-Nissan group is a member of the PHEV Research Center.
If there is one dominant particle which was not detected during an experiment, a plot of the invariant mass will show a sharp peak at the mass of the missing particle.
Several critics have argued that Veblen's Norwegian background and his relative isolation from American society are essential to the understanding of his writings. David Riesman maintains that his background as a child of immigrants meant that he was alienated from his parents' previous culture, but that his living in a Norwegian society within America made him unable to completely "assimilate and accept the available forms of Americanism." According to George M. Fredrickson the Norwegian society Veblen lived in was so isolated that when he left it "he was, in a sense, emigrating to America." 
Charity work.
Audio game -
Scissors (game) -
There is another access to Baguio from Aritao in the province of Nueva Vizcaya passing through Itogon, Benguet but this is less traveled, the road is not well maintained, and public transportation through this route is not as regular. It is particularly difficult during rainy periods. Another road, Halsema Highway (also known as "Mountain Trail") leads North through the mountainous portion of the Cordillera Autonomous Region. It starts at the northern border of Baguio City, in the Municipality of La Trinidad (Trinidad Valley). This highway offers some extraordinary scenery, coupled with some sheer drops of hundreds of feet in some sparsely populated areas. Drivers should be well-versed in Cordillera-style mountainous driving, as this road has, on very rare occasions, experienced sleet / freezing rain conditions as one proceeds North toward Sagada, Mountain Province.
Joshua Slocum's achievements have been well publicised and honoured. The name "Spray" has become a choice for cruising yachts ever since the publication of Slocum's account of his circumnavigation. Over the years, many versions of "Spray" have been built from the plans in Slocum's book, more or less reconstructing the sloop with various degrees of success.
Guerrilla communication
Thus, everyone who had completed an apprenticeship e.g. as an industrial manager ("Industriekaufmann") has learned the same skills and has attended the same courses in procurement and stocking up, controlling, staffing, accounting procedures, production planning, terms of trade and transport logistics and various other subjects.
<doc id="162651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=162651" title="Louis-Jean-Marie Daubenton">
Indigenous cultures of North America.
<doc id="162721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=162721" title="Marc Riboud">
"Murder on the Orient Express" (1974).
Later life.
Cuba in 1958 became the second country in the world to introduce color television broadcasting, with Havana's Channel 12 using standards established by the NTSC Committee of United States Federal Communications Commission in 1940, and American technology patented by the American electronics company RCA, or Radio Corporation of America. But the color transmissions ended when broadcasting stations were seized in the Cuban Revolution in 1959, and did not return until 1975, using equipment acquired from Japan's NEC Corporation, and SECAM equipment from the Soviet Union, adapted for the American NTSC standard.
In 2006, SAS Sweden launched a new biometric system for use throughout Sweden. Each passenger's fingerprints are, for security purposes, matched to their respective checked baggage. The new technology will be phased in at all the airports served by SAS, although use of the system is voluntary for passengers. The system has been introduced in Norway. 
Crossair shares were only reissued on the evening of 2 October was the rewriting of Crossair shares, with their purchase price not arriving until the following day - the setting of flight operations - into the SAirLines account.
With an increasing number of airlines now operating the 500-seat-plus aircraft, a tran-Atlantic service into Saint Lucia is not outside the realm of possibility. Currently, Hewanorra has five parking positions, two for wide-body aircraft and three for medium-sized aircraft such as the Airbus A320 and Boeing 757 aircraft.
ST focuses its product strategy on sense and power technologies, automotive products and embedded-processing solutions.
1980s.
In 2001 Khan set up a production company known as Aamir Khan Productions. Its first film was "Lagaan". The movie was released in 2001, starring Khan as the lead actor. The film was selected as India's official entry to the 74th Academy Awards in the Best Foreign Language Film category. It was eventually chosen and nominated in that category but lost to "No Man's Land". The film won numerous awards at several Indian award functions such as Filmfare and IIFA, and won the National Film Award for Most Popular Film, an award shared between Khan and the film's director, Ashutosh Gowariker. Khan later commented on the loss of "Lagaan" at the Oscars: "Certainly we were disappointed. But the thing that really kept us in our spirits was that the entire country was behind us".
Life.
The historical default rate for municipal bonds is lower than that of corporate bonds. The Municipal Bond Fairness Act (HR 6308), introduced September 9, 2008, included the following table giving bond default rates up to 2007 for municipal versus corporate bonds by rating and rating agency.
Such pay arrangements have attracted the ire of Democrats and Republicans in the United States Congress, who demanded limits on executive pay in 2008 when the U.S. government was bailing out the industry with a $700 billion financial rescue package.
The Constitution was amended in 1977 to include a right of freedom of information. Article 6 says in part, "the right of information shall be guaranteed by the state." The Supreme Court made a number of decisions further enhancing that right.
