However, during the first several years of his regime, Louis-Philippe appeared to move his government toward legitimate, broad-based reform. The government found its source of legitimacy within the Charter of 1830, written by reform-minded members of Chamber of Deputies upon a platform of religious equality, the empowerment of the citizenry through the reestablishment of the National Guard, electoral reform, the reformation of the peerage system, and the lessening of royal authority. And indeed, Louis-Phillipe and his ministers adhered to policies that seemed to promote the central tenets of the constitution. However, the majority of these policies were veiled attempts to shore up the power and influence of the government and the bourgeoisie, rather than legitimate attempts to promote equality and empowerment for a broad constituency of the French population. Thus, though the July Monarchy seemed to move toward reform, this movement was largely illusory.
Horssen
Buffalo Bills.
, Coppet had an unemployment rate of 4.4%. , there were 4 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 114 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 14 businesses in this sector. 676 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 117 businesses in this sector. There were 1,183 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.4% of the workforce. 
Cort

Ludwig’s play, The Fox on the Fairway, a new comedy set in the world of golf, premiered in fall 2010 at Signature Theatre in Arlington, directed by John Rando.
There were 57 French (of which 6 Algerian), 13 Italian, 12 Belgian, 8 Dutch, 8 Spanish, 8 Swiss, 5 Luxembourgian and 1 Australian cyclist.
The common lands of Ailsworth and the neighbouring parish of Castor were not enclosed until 1898.
Some of Palairet's early success can be attributed to his father, who paid the professionals Frederick Martin and William Attewell, both later "Wisden" Cricketers of the Year, to bowl at his two sons during the Easter holidays, to help them prepare for the upcoming cricket season. During the later part of the 1889 season, Palairet made his first appearances for Somerset County Cricket Club. At the time, Somerset were a second-class county, and their fixture list that summer was against a variety of first- and second-class opposition. Although a Lancastrian by birth, Palairet's family home was at Cattistock in Dorset, and it was in the south west that he chose to play his cricket. On completion of his studies at Repton, he attended Oriel College, Oxford.
Zimbabwe had better luck on day two, as the removal of Gautam Gambhir fifteen balls into the morning incited a return to accurate line and length bowling. The run rate was slow for today's Test cricket, as India accumulated only 2.46 runs per over in the first two sessions, including a period of 14 overs without a single boundary. India went defensive after losing Laxman for 8, and Dravid and Ganguly ground out the runs – only for Ganguly to depart for 16 shortly before lunch, giving Mwayenga his first Test wicket. Dravid and Yuvraj Singh pushed gently onwards after the break, adding 61 in 21 overs, but the new ball, delivered from the hands of Streak and Mahwire, caused them to miss the ball often. Eventually, Streak had Yuvraj Singh bowled with a fine inswinger, and Dravid followed two balls later, clean bowled by Mahwire for 98.

Cow parsley can be mistaken for several similar-looking poisonous plants, among them poison hemlock and fool's parsley.
<doc id="2649699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2649699" title="Zichy family">

They compelled him, on pain of death, to chase down a red boar, which was really a boulder heated red hot. Ōnamuji died of burns, but his mother (Kushinada-hime) petitioned , one of the creator deities, and she dispatched two clam goddesses, , to restore him. The passage regarding the curative treatment has been subject to emendations and reinterpretation. But recent commentary explains that the one goddess who represents the "akagai" or blood-cockle gathered up her blood-red juices, which were placed in the shell of the other goddess who was a hamaguri clam. 
The "noblesse de lettres" became, starting in the reign of Francis I, a handy method for the court to raise revenues; non-nobles possessing noble fiefs would pay a year's worth of revenues from their fiefs to acquire nobility. In 1598, Henry IV undid a number of these "anoblissments", but eventually resumed the practice.
In 2010, at 86 years of age, Riklis married his third wife, Tali Sinai, who was almost 40 years his junior. In 2012, his daughter, advice columnist Simona Riklis Ackerman died.
Exotic pathogens are now strongly suspected of playing a role in the species' decline.
