After the end of British rule in 1947, Cox's Bazar became part of East Pakistan. Captain Advocate Fazlul Karim, the first Chairman (after independence from the British) of Cox's Baazar Municipality, established the Tamarisk Forest along the beach. He wanted to attract tourists as well as to protect the beach from tidal waves (tsunami). He donated much of his father-in-law's and his own lands as sites for constructing a Public Library and a Town Hall. He was inspired to build Cox's Baazar as a tourist spot after seeing beaches of Bombay and Karachi, and was a resort pioneer in developing Cox's Bazar as a destination. He founded a Maternity Hospital, the Stadium and the drainage system by procuring grants from the Ford Foundation and Rockefeller Foundation through correspondence. T. H. Matthews, the principal of the Dacca Engineering College (1949~1954), was a friend who had helped him in these fundraising efforts. Engineer Chandi Charan Das was the government civil engineer who had worked on all these projects. In 1959 the municipality was turned into a town committee.
Bangladesh is a country of many rivers. There are 5 rivers in Joypurhat District.
Defunct fortnightly.
Career.

In 1998, the "Hull Daily Mail" described the magazine as "a tiny but influential fringe political journal". In 2001, the magazine Red Pepper wrote that "Lobster" ".. succeeds on the quality of its writing... articles are well researched... human, passionate and honest...", the "Fortean Times" (who also syndicated a regular Lobster column by Ramsay) wrote that it was "... immensely engrossing reading, ...an essential purchase for anyone interested in the machinations of the secret state", "Green Anarchist" magazine wrote that "Lobster" is "... an invaluable resource, and deserves to be widely read and much studied", and Direct Action magazine described it as "a good read ... very revealing and worth it, just for the pub talk".
Theory.
Arthur B. Robinson
2010–11: Katie Case
Previously, the First Evil had programmed Spike with a post-hypnotic suggestion in his mind that allows it to turn Spike violent using an old song, "Early One Morning", as a trigger. This way the First was able to command him to kill again. Buffy wants to find out how to turn it off so that she can fully trust Spike against the First, but Giles opposes Buffy. In his opinion, Spike is dangerous and must be contained or disposed of.
A natural region is a basic geographic unit. Usually it is a region which is distinguished by its common natural features of geography, geology, and climate. 
<doc id="2272579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2272579" title="London Cycling Campaign">
Choi had a stint as chief design officer and established Samsung's chip business in Europe in the 1980s. He's best known as a marketing expert, however, and is credited with having steered Samsung past Sony (SNE) to become the world's No. 1 TV brand in 2006. Choi took over the running of Samsung's mobile phone business in January 2007. By September 2008, the company's global market share stood at 17.1%—second only to Nokia and up from 14.4% in 2007.
These are also called as Phasmidians as they have the phasmids which are the posterior glandulo sensory and excretory structure.
On 21 March 1791 and seven months shy of his 40th birthday, he honorably retired from the army, was given the title of Baron and took a civic oath. A civic oath was sworn by all persons as a pre-condition for citizen status. This was especially important leading up to and during the French revolution, especially among foreigners and nobility, both of which Kilmaine was. For almost an entire year he pursued family life and philanthropic interests. By personal invitation of Gilbert du Motier, marquis de Lafayette, he rejoined the French army when the war broke out in 1792 between France and monarchic Europe.
She was armed with eight 330mm/50 Modèle 1931 guns arranged in two quadruple gun turrets, both of which were placed in a superfiring pair forward of the superstructure. Her secondary armament consisted of sixteen /45 dual-purpose guns; these were mounted in three quadruple and two twin turrets. The quadruple turrets were placed on the stern, and the twin turrets were located amidships. Close range antiaircraft defense was provided by a battery of eight guns in twin mounts and thirty-two guns in quadruple mounts. The ship's belt armor was thick amidships, and the main battery turrets were protected by of armor plate on the faces. The main armored deck was thick, and the conning tower had thick sides.
Monteverdi, the Swiss brand of luxury cars, used Scout IIs to mass-produce well-equipped luxurious off-road station wagons. Two models were made in the late seventies, the Safari, which had most of the bodywork changed, and the Sahara, which featured more limited changes, i.e. changed grill and a more luxurious interior. Both were available with IH's SV-345 engine or Chrysler's LA 318 (5.7 or 5.2 litres). The Safari was also offered with Chrysler's 7.2 litre "440 RB" engine, while the lesser Sahara could be had with Nissan's SD33 diesel engine.
The Ovinnik is a malevolent spirit of the threshing house in Slavic folklore. He is prone to burning down the threshing houses by setting fire to the grain. To placate him, peasants would offer him roosters and bliny. On New Year's Eve, the touch of an Ovinnik would determine their fortune for the New Year. A warm touch meant good luck and fortune, while a cold touch meant unhappiness.
In Hungarian:
Notable relationships.
