Diaphantania is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family.
There are two kinds of murrī, the more usual kind made using fermented barley, with a less common version made from fish. Almost every substantial dish in medieval Arab cuisine used murrī in small quantities. It could be used as a substitute for salt or sumac, and has been compared to soy sauce by Rudolf Grewe, Charles Perry, and others due to its high monosodium glutamate content and resultant umami flavor.
Runway bus.
Trivia.
<doc id="22063852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22063852" title="Cather">
During her first full season on the LPGA Tour, Park won over $630,000 to finish 29th on the 2008 money list. In 26 events, she recorded four top-10 finishes, including ties for second at the SBS Open at Turtle Bay and P&G Beauty NW Arkansas Championship. In 2009, Park had two top-10 finishes in 19 events; a sixth-place tie at the HSBC Women's Champions was her highest finish of the season. Park did not have a top-20 finish in the 2010 season, earning $78,572 for the year. In 2011, Park's earnings fell to $42,261, and she again had no top-20 finishes during the season.
Edibility.
The location of Shing Mun Tunnels Bus Interchange is shown on the map with a purple mark.
Kursenieki.
Scholarships and bursaries.

His film acting career began when he was offered the role of "Raju" in both the Hindi and Tamil versions Kamal Haasan's "Mumbai Express" and as the Lungiman in Peter Yesley's short film, "Lungiman Takes a Ride". He has also acted in some Tamil soap operas.
~Antipasto~
Career.

<br>
Current models.
"See Houston mayoral election, 2007"
Pascalis works within the dream classification system of Macrobius:
<doc id="22070153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22070153" title="Lucilia thatuna">
Structure.
By 1945, these additional annexed countries totaled approximately 465,000 additional square kilometres, or slightly more than the area of contemporary Germany, Austria and Slovenia combined. Other states were converted into Soviet Satellite states, such as the People's Republic of Poland, the People's Republic of Hungary, the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic, the People's Republic of Romania, the People's Republic of Albania, and later East Germany from the Soviet zone of German occupation. The Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia was also sometimes considered part of the Bloc, although not participating in either Warsaw Pact or COMECON, though a Tito-Stalin split occurred in 1948 followed by the formation of the Non-Aligned Movement.
Defection to the West.
"My Fake Fiancé" premiered with big numbers for ABC Family. The movie premiered with over 3.6 million tuning in and another 2.8 tuning in for the encore. The premiere event became the No. 1 TV movie of the 2008/09 season in Women 18-34 (1.0 million) and the No. 1 cable movie in Women 18-49 (1.6 million). Competitively, the week’s No. 1 movie across all TV, "My Fake Fiancé" stood as Sunday’s No. 1 cable telecast in Adults 18-34 (1.2 million), Women 18-34 (1.0 million) and Women 18-49 (1.6 million).


Luxembourg's first submission, "Elles" also straddled the nationality guidelines. Directed by a Portuguese and set in Lisbon, the film was primarily in French, and featured a diverse lead cast from France, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, and the USA, but not Luxembourg. "Dead Man's Hand" was a minority Luxembourg production, which actually represented Belgium at several film festivals. All other films were directed by native-born Luxembourgian directors.
<doc id="22074012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22074012" title="Inayat Shah">



In the second, later, wheelpit, pictured here, the wheel itself was on the south side of the pit (on the right in this photograph). The short length of wall on the right is the end wall of the wheelpit. The mechanism operating the flatrod system was on the north side, aligned with the short section of wall visible further away on the left: this probably formed part of the first support for the flatrods, which are believed to have travelled underground until they reached a V-shaped gulley, just visible towards the top of the photograph.
Recent seasons.
Kelly has studied improvisation at the Upright Citizen's Brigade since 2006. She co-founded the LA Cafe Plays series at the Ruskin Group Theater, where writers, actors and directors start creating a play at 9 a.m. and must perform it by 7:30 p.m. Kelly's Loving Annabelle cohorts Katherine Brooks and Jake Newton have performed with the series.
One variety of choke pear is poire d'Angoisse, a variety of pear that was grown in Angoisse, a commune in the Arrondissement of Nontron in Dordogne, France, in the Middle Ages, which was hard, bad tasting, and almost impossible to eat raw. In the words of L'Académie française, the pear is ""si âpre et si revèche au goût qu'on a de la peine à l'avaler"" ("so harsh and crabbed of taste that one can only with difficulty swallow it"). These qualities, and the common meaning of "angoisse" in French language ("anguish") apparently originated the French idiom "avaler des poires d'angoisse" ("swallow pears of Angoisse/anguish") meaning "to suffer great displeasures". Possibly because of this idiom, the names "choke pear" and "pear of anguish" have been used for a gagging device allegedly used in Europe, sometime before the 17th century.
Rory Robert Schlein (born 1 September 1984, in Darwin, Northern Territory) is an Australian international speedway rider. He is the son of the 1974 Northern Territory Solo Champion Lyndon Schlein.
Kenneth Mathews
In 1997, Schreyl began his television host career at MDR television. On 2 October 2000, he went to ZDF and was the presenter of the television magazine "hallo deutschland (Hello Germany)" and the quiz show "Der große Preis (The Big Price)".
An early nail factory, founded by Jesse Reed, was one of the first to manufacture nails by machine. Shipbuilding grew in the town, and over 1,000 ships were built along the North River in town during the 19th century. The town is also the site of Brant Rock, where Reginald Fessenden built the antenna from which he sent his first transatlantic voice radio broadcast in 1907.
The Helios Prototype shares the same wing chord (distance from leading to trailing edge) as its Pathfinder and Centurion predecessors. The wingspan gives the Helios Prototype an aspect ratio of almost 31 to 1. The wing thickness is the same from tip to tip, inches or 12 percent of the chord, and it has no taper or sweep. The outer panels have a built-in 10-degree dihedral to give the aircraft more lateral stability. A slight upward twist at the tips of the trailing edge helps prevent wing tip stalls during the slow landings and turns. The wing area is ., which gives the craft a maximum wing loading of only 0.81 lb./sq. ft. when flying at a gross weight of 1,600 lb.



There are three subspecies of this wildflower. 
<doc id="22080777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22080777" title="Extra Mile (album)">
Some verses from his translations were set to music.

