The general convention in 1952 was the venue for a significant historical action taken regarding the Seventh Jewel Founder. The decision "of placing Brother Jones in his true historical setting resulting from the leading role which he had played in the origin and development of the early years of the fraternity history" was made by a special committee consisting of Jewels Callis, Kelly and Murray and fraternity historian Charles H. Wesley. James Morton was removed as a founder, yet continues to be listed as one of the first initiates. This convention created the Alpha Award of Merit and the Alpha Award of Honor, for appreciation of the tireless efforts on behalf of African Americans, and were awarded to Thurgood Marshall and Eugene K. Jones.
Maryland Route 100 (MD 100) is a major east–west highway connecting U.S. Route 29 (US 29) in Ellicott City (just north of Columbia) and MD 177 (Mountain Road) in Pasadena. MD 100 also connects to Interstate 95 (I-95), US 1, the Baltimore-Washington Parkway (MD 295), and I-97. The highway connects Howard County to the west with Anne Arundel County and the Chesapeake Bay to the east. MD 100 also provides access to the Baltimore-Washington International Airport (BWI) and the Arundel Mills shopping mall.
Since the railroad was essentially new technology, Bryant had to create the designs for nearly every aspect of the railroad, including the cars (4- and 8-wheel designs), track, switches, wheels, turntable, and load transfer equipment. Mr. Bryant utilized similar developments and technologies that had already been in use on the railroads in England, but he modified his design to allow for heavier, more concentrated loads and a three-foot frost line. The only real difference between Bryant's Granite Railway and the Liverpool and Manchester was in the motive power; Bryant used horses and gravity to pull his trains, while the Liverpool and Manchester used steam locomotives. Although he designed and created all of the machinery, Bryant did not file patents on any of his inventions for the railroad. In 1834, Ross Winans filed a patent for the eight-wheel car design that Bryant had first invented. Bryant was called upon as an expert witness by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in an effort to invalidate Winans' patent.
The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation won a seat in the Ontario Legislature for the first time with the election of Samuel Lawrence in Hamilton East. Earl Hutchinson of Kenora is re-elected as a Labour MLA but resigns a month later in order to allow Peter Heenan, a former Labour MLA in the riding, to contest Kenora in a by-election so that he can be appointed to Cabinet. Hutchinson is subsequently appointed vice-chairman of the Workmen's Compensation Board.
8 Million Ways to Die is a 1986 American crime film. This was the final film directed by Hal Ashby, and the first attempt to adapt the popular Matthew Scudder detective stories of Lawrence Block for the screen. The screenplay was written by Oliver Stone and David Lee Henry (Robert Towne using a pseudonym). The film starred Jeff Bridges, Rosanna Arquette, and, in a leading role for the first time, Andy Garcia.
The Qolşärif Mosque (pronounced , also spelled "Qol Sharif", "Qol Sherif" and "Kol Sharif" via the Tatar Колшәриф мәчете, "Qolşärif mäçete", and "Kul Sharif" via the Russian мечеть Кул-Шариф, "mechet Kul-Sharif") located in Kazan Kremlin, was reputed to be – at the time of its construction — the largest mosque in Russia, and in Europe outside of Istanbul.
Coppell High School is a 6A high school located in Coppell, Texas (USA). It is part of the Coppell Independent School District located in extreme northwest Dallas County. In 2011, the school was rated "Recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
When Raimi possesses an object, such as a dog food bowl, he sees things from the object's perspective even if the device has no visual apparatus. He is able to provide some motive force on an ordinarily immobile object, activate electronics, and alter an object's appearance; for example, turning water from a possessed faucet red, or changing the reflection in a mirror. Creatures can only be possessed when badly frightened or startled. This is accomplished by performing a set combination of actions. Glimpses of a host's recent memories are sometimes gained immediately upon possession. Raimi has the same control over a host body that he would over his own. The only exceptions are an inability to make the host approach something which frightens him or her very badly, and the very difficult task of resisting something the host likes.
In 2007 Allen appeared in the ABC reality television series ', featuring a dozen celebrities in a stock car racing competition. In the first round, she matched up against skateboarder Tony Hawk and rodeo champion Ty Murray. Allen appeared on the second season of ' which premiered on June 7, 2009. Allen also appeared on an episode of NBC's Love Bites in 2011.
Satoshi Kanazawa thinks that part of the success of eHarmony can be explained by the high cost of entry in terms of time required to fulfill the initial questionnaire—over 18 hours, but other sources put the time to complete the relationship questionnaire at approximately one hour. Using Laurence Iannaccone's original idea that success of fundamentalist churches is explained by the high demands imposed on their members, Kanazawa hypothesizes that a similar self-selection mechanism is at work with eHarmony: "they select their members very carefully, and only admit those who are very committed (or desperate; if anyone who chooses to join eHarmony is truly desperate to get married, then it can potentially and partially explain why it produces such a high proportion of all marriages in the US)." Another factor suggested by Dan Ariely is the limited choice of partners offered, which may make the decision easier for some.
<doc id="1671496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1671496" title="Morgan, Grenfell &amp; Co.">
<doc id="1671672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1671672" title="Retrospective">
