
Research.
It is endemic to the Solomon Islands archipelago and is known from Bougainville Island of Papua New Guinea and Fauro, Kolombangara and Makira islands of the Solomon Islands, but probably occurs more widely. Very little specific is known about the biology of or threats to this species, presumed to inhabit stream sides in lowland forests.

In actuality, Zhu Sheng Cai liked Wang Qi Wen, and he moved with her to Shek Kip Mei to escape from his sister-in-law's insult.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers.
Demographics.

<doc id="12406902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12406902" title="Quasipaa verrucospinosa">
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, caves, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forest.
Contact.
, catch line "Boy meets girl in the sky", is a Japanese manga by Mitsuru Hattori, published by Kodansha, that was serialized between 2000 and 2001. It is a romantic comedy about a group of high school students involved in track and field sports, specifically the long jump. The manga consists of 40 chapters (five volumes).
On July 16, 2007, the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles granted a ninety-day stay of execution in order to allow the evaluation of evidence presented, including the doubts about Davis's guilt. The stay was superseded by the August 2007 decision of the Georgia Supreme Court to grant Davis’ application for discretionary appeal from the denial of his Extraordinary Motion for a New Trial. Defense lawyers requested a new trial based on statements of mistaken identity. On March 17, 2008, the Georgia Supreme Court denied the appeal by a 4–3 majority. The majority wrote that the recanting witnesses "have merely stated they now do not feel able to identify the shooter", that the trial testimony could not be ignored, and that they "in fact, favor that original testimony over the new." In dissent, the Chief Justice wrote that "if recantation testimony, either alone or supported by other evidence, shows convincingly that prior trial testimony was false, it simply defies all logic and morality to hold that it must be disregarded categorically".
