"C. aponogetifolia" is considered easy to cultivate and will grow in moderately hard water if necessary, though it grows naturally in slightly soft water. It prefers moderate to low levels of light. Plants will take some months to get established in the aquarium but will then send out strong runners.
Later Meriwether taught at both Howard University and Washington, D.C.'s Dunbar High School, an academic high school that attracted outstanding teachers. Because the District was run as part of the Federal government, African-American teachers in the public schools were paid on the same scale as whites. The Dunbar High School was the academic high school for African Americans and had very high standards.
David Downes (sociologist)
In the aftermath of the event, efforts were made to destroy the Bengali and Punjabi revolutionary underground, which came under intense pressure for some time. Rash Behari successfully evaded capture for nearly three years, becoming actively involved in the Ghadar conspiracy before it was uncovered, and fleeing to Japan in 1916. 
Carse's elder brother William (some say William was his father) was trained at the Royal Academy in London, but James was enrolled at the new Royal Scottish Academy, where his father, having returned to Scotland from London, was a founding member. Although his father had exhibited at the academy between 1827 and 1836, he was not financially successful and his father needed to apply for financial assistance in 1843. He died the same year.
<doc id="14122783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14122783" title="FMM Sines – Festival Músicas do Mundo">
The protagonist, Johnny Harlow, a world champion Formula 1 racing driver, was in a devastating accident during the French Grand Prix, which caused the death of his best friend, a Californian driver and Isaac Jethou, along with maiming his girlfriend. It is only one of a series of crashes which have dogged the Grand Prix circuit in the past season, one of which led to the death of Harlow’s younger brother. The crash appears to have completely destroyed Harlow’s nerve, and the boss of the Coronado team, MacAlpine, for which he drives, is torn between wanting to keep his star driver, and concerns that Harlow has turned into an alcoholic. However, Harlow is playing a role, as he suspects that there is more behind these "accidents" than “acts of God”, and soon finds out that a few people will do anything to prevent him from discovering the truth.
The Hampshire Information Book Award is being piloted in 2013. It will be awarded to a work of children's non fiction published in paperback in the previous year. The award will be judged by children in Year 4 and run by Hampshire County Council's School Library Service. Ten schools are participating in the inaugural award. The shortlist will be announced on 25 January 2013.
