Lou Hooper
In 1994, the Rockefeller Foundation, where Berkley was serving as Associate Director of Health Sciences, convened a series of international consensus meetings on the need for a new effort to address existing barriers to the development of an AIDS vaccine and jump-start AIDS vaccine research. These meetings, culminating in a conference in Bellagio, Italy, became the impetus for the establishment of IAVI in 1996 as an international NGO tasked with aggressively pursuing previously neglected approaches to AIDS vaccine development. Berkley was appointed interim President and later became CEO.
 counting cells are erroneous, and proposes a correct method.
Plans for the creation of OREC were denounced in the Philippines, the world's biggest rice importer. The Philippines is dependent on rice imports and is facing problems in sourcing rice on world markets.
Tony Maylam
Dylan left Georgia to attend Tulane University in New Orleans and spent her junior year abroad at the University of London. Returning to New Orleans, Dylan graduated with honors, Phi Beta Kappa and magna cum laude, from Tulane and was accepted by Tulane’s Law School.
The attempted bombing was the first in Dublin since the 1970s, and Doherty was the first person killed in the Republic of Ireland by the UVF since November 1975. The UVF issued a statement claiming responsibility for the shootings and attempted bombing, saying they had "struck at the very heart of the republican movement in its own back yard" and that "the UVF would warn the IRA and the Dublin government that the Ulster people will neither be coerced nor persuaded and will remain masters of their own destiny". Fred Cobain of the Ulster Unionist Party remarked "It was only a matter of time before loyalists went south. Dublin is having an increasing say in the affairs of Northern Ireland. The way to reverse that trend is to indulge in the same tactics as the IRA and to attack targets in the South. This may be a sign of things to come".
Jonathan Palmer Scott (Jon Scott) is a Republican politician and was the party's nominee against Patrick J Kennedy in Rhode Island's 1st congressional district, in both 2006 and 2008.
More than 300 people work at the HMSC, including OSU faculty, graduate students, researchers, and staff from agencies including Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife, US Fish and Wildlife Service, US Environmental Protection Agency, US Department of Agriculture, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). NOAA employees at the HMSC are affiliated with the Alaska Fisheries Science Center, Northwest Fisheries Science Center, or the Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory, all of which are headquartered in Seattle, Washington. The HMSC (and the Seafood Research & Education Center in Astoria) are home to the Coastal Oregon Marine Experiment Station (COMES), the largest of 12 branch agricultural research stations in Oregon.
Bearly's - Halifax, Nova Scotia;

