
Military wrecks, however, remain under the jurisdiction–and hence protection–of the government that lost the ship, or that government's successor. Hence, a German U-boat from World War II still technically belongs to the German government, even though the Third Reich is long-defunct. Many military wrecks are also protected by virtue of their being war graves.
In 2010, Bill McGrane wrote a biography of Page titled "All Rise, The Remarkable Journey of Alan Page."
Threats.
Tractor Sazi.
The interior was also redesigned to improve comfort and space. New equipment included automated digital climate control/air conditioning on most models except the most basic and a multi-function display for warning messages, trip computer, radio and external temperature. There was a more extensive use of wooden trim, better quality plastics, including soft touch plastics, and in addition some models received electrically folding mirrors, with automatic headlights and wipers. The top-of-the-range "Executive" model was specified a 10 speaker JBL sound system, electrically adjusted and heated leather seats, a memory position for the seats and mirrors, headlight washer jets, a rear sun blind, thicker carpeting, lights in the sun visors, satellite navigation and ambient lighting.
89. SAMUELS, Tony TE (4/3), 6.04, 229, 29, Bethune-Cookman, 1 rec/30 yds
The Outlaws' logo can be found in "Madden NFLs Create-A-Team Feature. They are also featured in ', the Arizona Outlaws are a Division 3 team and are the first opponents against the player's created team.
The much-anticipated document was based on reports made by the Joint Intelligence Committee, part of the British Intelligence 'machinery'. Most of the evidence was uncredited, ostensibly in order to protect sources. On publication, serious press comment was generally critical of the dossier for tameness and for the seeming lack of any genuinely new evidence. Those politically opposed to military action against Iraq generally agreed that the dossier was unremarkable, with Menzies Campbell observing in the House of Commons that:
Otis was born near Marietta, Ohio, on February 10, 1837, the son of Stephen and Sara Otis. His father was from Vermont and his mother, a native of Nova Scotia, Canada, came to Ohio from Boston, Massachusetts, with her family. The young Otis received schooling until he was fourteen, when he became a printer's apprentice.
Edwin Brienen
He was spun off into his own title, the 1968–74 series "Sub-Mariner". The super-villain Tiger Shark was introduced in issue #5 by writer Roy Thomas and artist John Buscema and the super-hero Stingray in issue #19 by Thomas and Bill Everett. Some of the later issues of this "Sub-Mariner" series are notable for having been written and drawn by the character's creator, Bill Everett, shortly before his death; as well, they reintroduced a now-older Namora, and introduced her daughter, Namorita Prentiss. By now more of a reluctant superhero "the Sub-Mariner was perfect for the Marvel Age of angst-ridden protagonists. Noble yet misunderstood, powerful yet thwarted ... was portrayed as a regal monarch – a king without a country." The final issue, #72 (Sept. 1974), was written by Steve Skeates and featured an unofficial intercompany crossover with the last issue of DC Comics' "Aquaman" series. A five- to six-page backup feature, "Tales of Atlantis", chronicling the undersea kingdom from its ancient origins, appeared in issues #62–66 (June–Oct. 1973), written by Gerber, with penciling by Howard Chaykin and later Jim Mooney. After the cancellation of "Sub-Mariner", Namor co-starred with Doctor Doom in the "Super-Villain Team-Up" series. The series suffered from mediocre sales due to its lack of a stable creative team, and following issue #13 Namor was dropped from the co-star spot.
Iran.
Gissing's literary work began to command higher payments. "New Grub Street" published in 1891 brought him £250. In 1892 he befriended fellow writer George Meredith, who influenced his writing. In the 1890s Gissing lived more comfortably from his earnings, though he had health issues which limited the time he spent in London. Novels from this period include "Born in Exile" in 1892, "The Odd Women" in 1893, "In the Year of Jubilee", 1894, and "The Whirlpool" in 1897. From 1893, Gissing wrote short stories, some of which were collected in the 1898 volume "Human Odds and Ends", and other collected volumes were published after his death. In 1895, he published three novellas, "Eve's Ransom", "The Paying Guest" and "Sleeping Fires", reflecting the changing tastes of the reading public, which were moving away from three-volume novels.
Age.
The limitation to a blazed grating is the width of the mirrors, which can only be ground a finite amount before focus is lost; the maximum is around 1000 lines/mm. In order to overcome this limitation holographic gratings were developed. Holographic gratings use a thin film of dichromated gelatin on a glass surface, which is subsequently exposed to a wave pattern created by an interferometer. This wave pattern sets up a reflection pattern similar to the blazed gratings but utilizing Bragg diffraction, a process where the angle of reflection is dependent on the arrangement of the atoms in the gelatin. Holographic gratings can have up to 6000 lines/mm and can be up to twice as efficient in collecting light as blazed gratings. Because they are sealed between two sheets of glass, holographic gratings are very versatile, potentially lasting decades before needing replacement.
September 1986.
Isidora Dolores Ibárruri Gómez (9 December 189512 November 1989) — known as "La Pasionaria" (Spanish, "the Passionflower") — was a Spanish Republican leader of the Spanish Civil War and communist politician of Basque origin. She is perhaps best known for her defense of the Second Spanish Republic and the famous slogan "¡No Pasarán!" ("They Shall Not Pass") during the Battle of Madrid.
Concept.
Catopuma
"T" = tied<br>
Goldmark's chamber music, in which the influences of Schumann and Mendelssohn are paramount, although critically well received in his lifetime, is now rarely heard. It includes the String Quintet in A minor Op. 9 that made his first reputation in Vienna, the Violin Sonata in D major Op. 25, two Piano Quintets in B-flat major, Op. 30 and C-sharp minor, Op. 54, the Cello Sonata Op. 39, and the work that first brought Goldmark's name into prominence in the Viennese musical world, the String Quartet in B-flat Op. 8 (his only work in that genre).
World War II.
<doc id="274157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=274157" title="Foo Fighters (album)">
<doc id="274227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=274227" title="Sunbird">
<doc id="274273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=274273" title="Metro station">
In any one position, much of the cartilage is close enough to get nutrition direct from synovium. 
Rabbi Kotlers's students include:
Most editions of the RSV that contain the Apocrypha place those books after the New Testament, arranged in the order of the King James Version (the Eastern Orthodox books in post-1977 editions are added at the end). The exception is the Common Bible, where the Apocryphal books were placed between the Testaments and rearranged in an order pleasing to Protestants, Catholics, and Orthodox alike (see below for more information about the Common Bible).
The consistency model has to determine whether client B sees the write from client A or not.

In the United Kingdom, Jo Swinson, the Liberal Democratic member for East Dunbartonshire, called for advertisers to voluntarily adopt similar disclaimers in an adjournment debate in October 2009, and later in an early day motion tabled in February 2010. She has stated that such "photos can lead people to believe in realities that, very often, do not exist," and that "when teenagers and women look at these pictures in magazines, they end up feeling unhappy with themselves."
There are a number of pocket billiard games directly descended from English billiards, including bull dog, scratch pool, thirty-one pool and thirty-eight. The last of these gave rise to the more well-known game cowboy pool. English Billiards was virtually unknown in the United States until 1913, when Melbourn Inman visited the US and played the game against Willie Hoppe. By 1915 the game had become rather popular, prompting billiard hall proprietors to increase the number of English-style tables in their establishments.
"The Muppet Newsflash: A Jim Henson News Blog" announced on September 17, 2009, that Statler and Waldorf will release a book titled "From the Balcony" in 2010.
New Zealand tourists make up a distinctive part of the Australian tourism market, usually taking short package tours which concentrate heavily on the iconic sights (typically Sydney, Uluru, Gold Coast and Cairns), and viewing Australian native animals (particularly the koala and kangaroo).
Cranbrook is renowned for its architecture in the Arts and Crafts Movement style. The chief architects were Albert Kahn and Eliel Saarinen. Renowned sculptors Carl Milles and Marshall Fredericks also spent many years in residence at Cranbrook.
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around – nobody big, I mean – except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff – I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all.
The first formal movement for the creation of a Continental navy came from Rhode Island, because its merchants' widespread smuggling activities had been severely harassed by British frigates. On 26 August 1775, Rhode Island passed a resolution that there be a single Continental fleet funded by the Continental Congress. The resolution was introduced in the Continental Congress on 3 October 1775, but was tabled. In the meantime, George Washington had begun to acquire ships, starting with the schooner which was paid for out of Washington's own pocket. "Hannah" was commissioned and launched on 5 September 1775, from the port of Beverly, Massachusetts.
"The Magnificent Tree".

Urdu () is the national language (), "lingua franca" and one of two official languages of Pakistan (the other being English). Although only about 8% of Pakistanis speak it as their first language, it is spoken and understood as a second language by almost all Pakistanis. Its introduction as the lingua franca was encouraged by the British upon the capitulation and annexation of Sindh (1843) and Punjab (1849) with the subsequent ban on the use of Persian. The decision to make the language change was to institute a universal language throughout the then British Raj in South Asia as well as minimize the influence of Persia, the Ottoman Empire, Afghanistan and Central Asia on this transitional region. Urdu is a relatively new language in the contemporary sense but has undergone considerable modifications and development borrowing heavily on the traditions of older languages like Persian, Arabic, Turkish and local South Asian languages all of which can be found in its vocabulary. According to the linguistic historian Tariq Rahman, however, the oldest name of what is now called Urdu is Hindustani or Hindvi and it existed in some form at least from the 14th century if not earlier (Rahman 2011). It was probably the language of the area around Delhi that absorbed words of Persian and Arabic and, to a much lesser extent, Turkish—the same process that created modern English. This language, according to Rahman, is the ancestor of both modern Hindi and Urdu. These became two distinct varieties when Urdu was first Persianized in the 18th century and then Hindi was Sanskritized from 1802 onwards.
The cars were constructed by EDi Rail at Cardiff Workshops. The contract included a 15-year maintenance agreement with EDi Rail to maintain the trains at a specialised maintenance centre at Eveleigh. During testing and initial revenue service, they ran as four car sets, with eight car sets commencing service towards the end of 2002 after further testing. All 35 four car sets were delivered by October 2005.
Examples: Non-Judicial Punishment.
Plant life.

Smart argues that the media had influenced her trial and conviction, as she explains in the 2014 HBO documentary "".
Cynology, may have other connotations or use in languages other than English, see German :de:Kynologie, Dutch :nl:Kynologie and Czech :cs:Sportovní kynologie.
<doc id="275472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=275472" title="SUNY (disambiguation)">
L'Alpe d'Huez is a ski resort at . It is a mountain pasture in the Central French Alps, in the commune of Huez, in the Isère "département" in the Rhône-Alpes region. It is used regularly in the Tour de France cycle race, including twice on the same day in 2013.
Modern reception of Clarke's work has been generally positive. A 1981 review of her Viola Sonata called it a "thoughtful, well constructed piece" from a relatively obscure composer; a 1985 review noted its "emotional intensity and use of dark tone colours". Andrew Achenbach, in his review of a Helen Callus recording of several Clarke works, referred to "Morpheus" as "striking" and "languorous". Laurence Vittes noted that Clarke's "Lullaby" was "exceedingly sweet and tender". A 1987 review concluded that "it seems astonishing that such splendidly written and deeply moving music should have lain in obscurity all these years".
Borlaug was a foreign fellow of the Bangladesh Academy of Sciences.
Other basic two dimensional techniques include operations such as image rotation, warping, color balancing etc.
List of electronic music record labels
WS Cox Plate,
An example without the infinite sequence:
Joyce is at the same time punning on the canonical hours Tierce, Sext, Nones (Terce ... sixt ... none) and on Fionn MacCool (fiddlers ... makmerriers ... Cole).
Despite all of the beneficial impacts to the economy that fantasy football provides, there are some concerns about potential economic drawbacks. The addictive nature and widespread popularity of fantasy football, combined with the relative ease of obtaining information about a manager’s team has led to many hours of lost productivity at work. A rough calculation based estimates regarding the average amount of time team managers spend on their teams, combined with the number of team managers and their average wages puts the estimated impact at about $6 billion in wasted productivity. However, the study admits to being non-scientific and that its estimates are rough. Furthermore, it reports that managers tend to view the impact as a minor distraction. In a poll conducted for the same study asking managers to rate the impact of fantasy football on their workplace from 1-10, about 70% reported a 4 or lower. Less than 8% reported a 7 or 8. No respondents reported a 9 or 10. Additionally, employers can even take advantage of fantasy football by embracing it and starting sanctioned work leagues. This may increase employee morale and loyalty, improving retention rates. This study also reported 40% of respondents considered fantasy football a positive influence in the workplace, with 1 in 5 also saying they’ve made valuable business contacts through fantasy football.
image to follow
Turbans are commonly worn by Muslim men in the Horn of Africa. The headwrap has a long presence in the region, where it was frequently sported by Sultans, Wazirs, and other artistocratic and court officials. Among these nobles are the Somali Sultans Mohamoud Ali Shire of the Warsangali Sultanate, Osman Mahamuud of the Majeerteen Sultanate, and Yusuf Ali Kenadid and Ali Yusuf Kenadid of the Sultanate of Hobyo. Prominent historical Islamic leaders in the region that are known to have worn turbans include Sheikh Abadir Umar Ar-Rida.
North America.

Brat Pack (actors)
2012: Melbourne, Australia.

The Chapmans investigated the source of the testers' false confidence. In one experiment, students read through a stack of cards, each with a Rorschach blot, a sign and a pair of "conditions" (which might include homosexuality). The information on the cards was fictional, although subjects were told it came from case studies of real patients. The students reported that the five invalid signs were associated with homosexuality, even though the cards had been constructed so there was no association at all. The Chapmans repeated this experiment with another set of cards, in which the association was negative; the five signs were never reported by homosexuals. The students still reported seeing a strong positive correlation. These experiments showed that the testers' prejudices could result in them "seeing" non-existent relationships in the data. The Chapmans called this phenomenon "illusory correlation" and it has since been demonstrated in many other contexts.
Other:
Also in 2012, Moss appeared in the video of George Michael's latest song "White Light", inspired by when he contracted pneumonia.
Torsion-free. A torsion-free module is a module over a ring such that 0 is the only element annihilated by a regular element (non zero-divisor) of the ring.
Small businesses are common in many countries, depending on the economic system in operation. Typical examples include: convenience stores, other small shops (such as a bakery or delicatessen), hairdressers, tradesmen, lawyers, accountants, restaurants, guest houses, photographers, small-scale manufacturing, and online businesses, such as web design and programming, etc.
Campus life.
Other appearances.
On 4 March, with the presence of the American minister, John G. South, was signed the peace agreement with the Indians and were promised a better deal respect for their customs, not to impose the establishment of schools, and were assured the same protection and rights enjoyed by other citizens. The Indians in turn, pledged to lay down their weapons, withdraw its declaration of independence and abide by the laws of Panama.
Assessments.
The latest discoveries go even further claiming that all five contemporary species of early "Homo" in Africa, "Homo habilis", "Homo rudolfensis", "Homo ergaster", and "Homo erectus" are representatives from the same species, best named "Homo erectus", which evolved about 2 million years ago in Africa and expanded through Eurasia, as far as China and Java, where it was first documented from about 1.2 million years ago.
Reception.
03: "Mainland migrant workers ask Li Ka-shing for unpaid wages" http://www.scmp.com/news/china/article/1135787/mainland-migrant-workers-ask-li-ka-shing-unpaid-wages
"Idol" franchise and "Il Divo".
In the halakhic as well as in the haggadic exegesis the expounder endeavored not so much to seek the original meaning of the text as to find authority in some Bible passage for concepts and ideas, rules of conduct and teachings, for which he wished to have a biblical foundation. The talmudical hermeneutics form "asmachta" is defined as finding hints for a given law rather than basing on the bible text. To this were added, on the one hand, the belief that the words of the Bible had many meanings, and, on the other, the importance attached to the smallest portion, the slightest peculiarity of the text. Because of this move towards particularities the exegesis of the Midrash strayed further and further away from a natural and common-sense interpretation.
O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms,
<doc id="277027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=277027" title="Dragon (zodiac)">
Honours.
This story is by no means universally accepted by scholars. It has been suggested by Elisabeth Schneider (in "Coleridge, Opium and "Kubla Khan"", University of Chicago Press, 1953) among others, that this prologue, as well as the Person from Porlock, was fictional and intended as a credible explanation of the poem's seemingly fragmentary state as published. The poet Stevie Smith also suggested this view in one of her own poems, saying "the truth I think, he was already stuck".
Then, a representation is said to have "highest weight λ" if λ is a weight and all its other weights are less than λ.
Depending on the species, there are two to fifteen large showy flowers, which are more or less zygomophic and hermaphrodite. Each flower is 13–20 cm (5"–8") across, and the native species are usually purple or red. They are funnelform (funnel shaped) and declinate (curving downwards and then upwards at the tip) in shape. The perianth has six brightly colored tepals (three outer sepals and three inner petals) that may be similar in appearance or very different. The perianth segments are subequal or unequal. The tepals are united at the base to form a short tube, usually with a rudimentary scaly paraperigonium with fimbriae or a callose ridge present at the throat.
A long story from "Tales of an Empty Cabin" was published separately in 1937 as a small volume:
In Australia, the state of South Australia generates around half of the nation's wind power capacity. By the end of 2011 wind power in South Australia, championed by Premier (and Climate Change Minister) Mike Rann, reached 26% of the State's electricity generation, edging out coal for the first time. At this stage South Australia, with only 7.2% of Australia's population, had 54% of Australia's installed capacity. 16% in Ireland (2012) and 8% in Germany (2011). As of 2011, 83 countries around the world were using wind power on a commercial basis.
In 1982, Jackson starred opposite her "Rookies" co-star, Michael Ontkean, and Harry Hamlin in the feature film "Making Love", directed by Arthur Hiller. It was a movie some considered to be ahead of its time, and attempted to deal sensitively with the topic of homosexuality. However, it received tepid reviews and did poorly at the box office.
Mudpot
Yangism.
Robin Masters' cars
During one of Sunny Day Real Estate's last concerts, former Nirvana member Dave Grohl left the band a note. Goldsmith called him back, and Grohl invited both Goldsmith and Mendel to his new band, Foo Fighters, along with former Germs guitarist Pat Smear. In 1995, they embarked on a club tour supporting Mike Watt along with Eddie Vedder's side project Hovercraft. Afterwards, the band's already recorded debut album – on which Grohl had recorded nearly all instruments by himself – was released. Goldsmith stated that while he enjoyed the smaller venues, "pretty much everything after that blew", saying that as the band got bigger "it turned into a world-domination thing that became really creatively stifling" and he grew tired of reproducing songs he had no input composing. The drummer also developed carpal tunnel syndrome after the tour.
<doc id="277594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=277594" title="Common ringed plover">
During the 1980s he was a lecturer at the Licinio Refice Conservatory Frosinone.
Plot.
Justinian's general Belisarius took both Witiges and Matasuntha as captives to Constantinople, and Witiges died there, without any children. After his death, Matasuntha married the patrician Germanus Justinus, a nephew of Justinian I by his sister Vigilantia.
Trace metals are metals in extremely small quantities that are present in animal and plant cells and tissue. They are a necessary part of nutrition and physiology. Ingestion of, or exposure to, excess quantities is often toxic. However, insufficient plasma or tissue levels of certain trace metals can cause pathology as well; as is the case with iron. 
Until October 1989, Sears was America's largest retailer, when it was surpassed by Walmart in domestic revenue. Target, Best Buy, and Home Depot have also surpassed Sears since.
Benjamin Schumacher
In the United States:
History.
Official distributions.
Sheen's film career began in 1984 with a role in the Cold War teen drama "Red Dawn" with Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Grey. Sheen and Grey reunited in a small scene in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986). He also appeared in an episode of the anthology series "Amazing Stories". Sheen had his first major role in the Vietnam War drama "Platoon" (1986). In 1987, he starred with his father in "Wall Street". Both "Wall Street" and "Platoon" were directed by Oliver Stone. In 1988, Stone asked Sheen to star in his new film "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989), but later cast Tom Cruise instead. Sheen was never notified by Stone, and only found out when he heard the news from his brother Emilio. Sheen did not take a lead role in Stone's subsequent films, although he did have a cameo role in "".
was taken from Jackson. The conventions used in the
A graduate of Princeton University and Columbia Law School, Berg spoke several languages and regularly read 10 newspapers a day. His reputation was fueled by his successful appearances as a contestant on the radio quiz show "Information, Please" in which he answered questions about the derivation of words and names from Greek and Latin, historical events in Europe and the Far East, and ongoing international conferences.
Settlement in New South Wales.
EVs typically have less noise pollution than an internal combustion engine vehicle, whether it is at rest or in motion. EVs emit no tailpipe CO2 or pollutants such as NOx, NMHC, CO and PM at the point of use.
Although the Oneness belief in the union of the divine and human into one person in Christ is similar to the Chalcedonian formula, Chalcedonians disagree sharply with them over their opposition to Trinitarian dogma. Chalcedonians see Jesus Christ as a single person uniting "God the Son" (a being whose existence is denied in Oneness theology), the eternal second person of the traditional Trinity, with human nature. Oneness believers, on the other hand, see Jesus as one single person uniting the one God himself with human nature as "the Son of God". They insist that their conception of the Godhead is true to early Christianity's strict monotheism, contrasting their views not only with Trinitarianism, but equally with the forms of Arianism espoused by the Latter-day Saints (who believe that Christ was a separate "god" from the Father and the Spirit) and Jehovah's Witnesses (who see him as the first-begotten Son of God, and as a subordinate deity to the Father). Oneness theology is similar to historical Modalism or Sabellianism, although it cannot be exactly characterized as such.
Several of Ejercito's relatives became prominent figures in politics and showbiz.
Campaign in Germany.
In Mathematica, strings are represented as trees of root StringExpression and all the characters in order as children of the root. Thus, to match "any amount of trailing characters", a new wildcard ___ is needed in contrast to _ that would match only a single character.
formula_5

In 2003, Alice Cibois published the results of her study of mtDNA cytochrome "b" and 12S/16S rRNA sequence data. According to her results, the white-eyes were likely to form a clade also containing the yuhinas, which were until then placed with the Old World babblers, a large "wastebin" family. Previous molecular studies (e.g. Sibley & Ahlquist 1990, Barker "et al." 2002) had together with the morphological evidence tentatively placed white-eyes as the Timaliidae's closest relatives already. But some questions remained, mainly because the white-eyes are all very similar birds in habitus and habits, while the Old World babblers are very diverse (because, as we now know, the group as formerly defined was polyphyletic).
Tourism.
England, Wales, Northern Ireland and overseas.
Helpmate
dependent on the parameter "μ" to be estimated, but with a standard normal distribution independent of the parameter "μ". Hence it is possible to find numbers −"z" and "z", independent of "μ", between which "Z" lies with probability 1 − α, a measure of how confident we want to be.
In 2003, Sonia appeared in the reality show "Reborn in the USA" where former popstars including Leee John from the band Imagination, Michelle Gayle, Gina G, Elkie Brooks and pop duo Dollar performed American hits. The show saw the artists touring America and each week one artist was eliminated from the show. The show was aired on ITV1 and was presented by Davina McCall. Sonia came sixth out of the nine participants, and her participation was notable for her clashes with Dollar members Thereza Bazar and especially David Van Day.
Canadian Airlines' core business strategy focused on building its Vancouver hub into the leading gateway between North America and Asia. It leveraged its codesharing agreement with American Airlines in order to help capture a greater share of U.S.-Asia traffic flows.
Hurricane Floyd
Production.
One gruesome reminder of the sacrifices of the generation was the fact that this was one of the first times in conflict whereby more men had died in battle than to disease, which had been the main cause of deaths in most previous wars. The Russo-Japanese War was the first conflict where battle deaths outnumbered disease deaths, but it had been fought on a much smaller scale between just two nations.
<doc id="282396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=282396" title="European herring gull">
The Polyporales are an order of fungi in the division Basidiomycota, subclass Agaricomycetidae. The order includes some (but not all) polypores as well as many corticioid fungi and a few agarics (mainly in the genus "Lentinus"). Species within the order are saprotrophic, most of them wood-rotters. Those of economic importance include several important pathogens of forest and amenity trees and a few species that cause damage by rotting structural timber. Some of the Polyporales are commercially cultivated and marketed for use as food items or in traditional Chinese medicine.
"Jollitown".
However, Chester local historian Terry Kavanagh has discovered a short obituary in the "The Chester Chronicle", dated 2 October 1775:
LLC members are subject to the same alter ego piercing theories as corporate shareholders. However, it is more difficult to pierce the LLC veil because LLCs do not have many formalities to maintain. So long as the LLC and the members do not commingle funds, it would be difficult to pierce this veil. Membership interests in LLCs and partnership interests are also afforded a significant level of protection through the charging order mechanism. The charging order limits the creditor of a debtor-partner or a debtor-member to the debtor's share of distributions, without conferring on the creditor any voting or management rights. Limited liability company members may, in certain circumstances, also incur a personal liability in cases where distributions to members render the LLC insolvent.
The first OS/2 version was released in 1998. Until then, the Windows 16-bit version had been used. The last version is 1.7 from 2001. Later revisions of SmartSuite did not upgrade Organizer, although some fixes have been made.
Tourism in India
Results can also depend heavily on sample preparation and how it was run/introduced. An important example is the issue of which matrix is used for MALDI spotting, since much of the energetics of the desorption/ionization event is controlled by the matrix rather than the laser power. Sometimes samples are spiked with sodium or another ion-carrying species to produce adducts rather than a protonated species.
Also, Italy exports and produces the highest level of wine, exporting over 2.38 million tonnes in 2011. As of 2005, Italy was responsible for producing approximately one-fifth of the world's wine. Some Italian regions are home to some of the oldest wine-producing traditions in the world. Etruscans and Greek settlers produced wine in the country long before the Romans started developing their own vineyards in the 2nd century BC. Roman grape-growing and winemaking was prolific and well-organized, pioneering large-scale production and storage techniques like barrel-making and bottling. Famous and traditional Italian wines include Barbaresco, Barbera, Barolo, Brunello di Montalcino, Chianti, Corvina, Dolcetto and Nero d'Avola, to name a few.
Washington Bullets (2nd stint).
In the middle of the 18th century, Inđija became part of the Syrmia County of the Kingdom of Slavonia, which also was part of the Habsburg Kingdom of Croatia and of the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary. In 1848-1849, it was part of autonomous Serbian Vojvodina, while from 1849 to 1860 it was part of the Voivodeship of Serbia and Banat of Temeschwar. Since 1860 Inđija was again part of the Kingdom of Slavonia, which in this time was a completely separate Habsburg crownland. Kingdom of Slavonia was subsequently (in 1868) joined with the Kingdom of Croatia into newly formed Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, which, following the 1868 Croatian–Hungarian Settlement, became an autonomous kingdom within the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary and Austria-Hungary.
History.
International relations.
Municipalities and settlements.
Compound strokes connect multiple different base strokes to one motion, either blending multiple power phases to achieve a desired effect, like pulling the bow sideways a little before powering its forward motion, for example the c-stroke.
Dermoid cyst.
There were a number of early breakaways and one early crash but the US Postal team worked hard to keep the field together. It was not until early afternoon, just before Carcassonne, that a group of eight riders made it clear. They built up their lead to a maximum of around four minutes. With the peloton closing and 10 km to go Juan Antonio Flecha of Banesto attacked from the breakaway and built up a small lead of 20 seconds. Despite the field closing in he held on to win the stage by 4 seconds, the peloton coming in less than a minute behind. Former Tour star Jens Voigt, struggling with illness, abandoned the race.
There were 13,358 residents on the island as of the 2000 census, but the population peaks at 17,000 during the summer months with retired "snowbirds." The island has a total land area of 102.99 km² (39.77 sq mi), though it was larger before the Great Slide of 1825. Kristoferson Lake is the largest lake on Camano Island.
At the end of the First World War, the European population of Northern Rhodesia was tiny, about 3,000 compared with ten times as many in Southern Rhodesia, but it increased rapidly after the discovery of the Copperbelt in the 1920s. Northern Rhodesian settlers wanted self-government for the European minority electorate, separate from Southern Rhodesia. However, once the British government appeared to reject the idea of further white minority governments in Africa, talk of amalgamation resumed.
Republic of China presidential election, 2004
Politburo.
Cards and function.
Administration.
Megasthenes ( ; , ca. 350 – 290 BCE) was a Greek ethnographer and explorer in the Hellenistic period, author of the work "Indika".
Moses was born to assimilated German Jewish parents in New Haven, Connecticut. He spent the first nine years of his life living at 83 Dwight Street in New Haven, two blocks from Yale University. In 1897, the Moses family moved to New York City, where they lived on East 46th Street off Fifth Avenue. Moses's father was a successful department store owner and real estate speculator in New Haven. In order for the family to move to New York City, he sold his real estate holdings and store, and then retired from business for the rest of his life. Bella, Moses's mother, was active in the settlement movement, with her own love of building.

Finland.
Subbuteo has more than one competitive circuit, one of which is known by the term sports table football governed by FISTF. In 1992 there was even an attempt to have Subbuteo made an Olympic sport.
In 1975, legislation passed by the Conservative government of Edward Heath (1970–1974) introduced a system of two-tier local government in Scotland (see Local government areas of Scotland 1973 to 1996), divided between large Regional Councils and smaller District Councils. The only exceptions to this were the three Island Councils, Western Isles, Shetland and Orkney which had the combined powers of Regions and Districts. The Conservative government of John Major (1990–1997) decided to abolish this system and merge their powers into new unitary authorities. The new councils vary widely in size — some are the same as counties, such as Clackmannanshire, some are the same as former districts, such as Inverclyde and some are the same as the former regions, such as Highland. The changes took effect in 1996 with shadow councillors elected in 1995 to oversee the smooth transition of control.
Fielding is also the screenwriter of the television film "".
Rumors concerning Cienfuegos's disappearance have been rife. Some have speculated that Cienfuegos was killed on the orders of Fidel Castro; These rumors have been difficult to uphold, however, as Cienfuegos had appeared exceptionally loyal to Castro throughout his involvement, and had vigorously supported the arrest of Matos only days earlier. Che Guevara, who was also close to Cienfuegos (naming his son Camilo after the fallen revolutionary), dismissed any rumors of Castro's involvement. Another rumor circulating was that a Cuban air force fighter plane shot Cienfuegos down mistaking his plane for a hostile intruder. Historians seem to agree that Cienfuegos's death is more likely to have been an accident, and not the result of foul play.
A substantial dispute regarding the status of the Kuril Islands arose between the U.S. and the Soviet Union during the preparation of the Treaty of San Francisco in 1951. The Treaty was supposed to be a permanent peace treaty between Japan and the Allied Powers of World War II. By that time, the Cold War had already taken hold, and the position of the U.S. in relation to the Yalta and Potsdam agreements had changed considerably. The U.S. had come to maintain that the Potsdam Declaration should take precedence and that strict adherence to the Yalta agreement was not necessary since, in the view of the U.S., the Soviet Union itself violated several provisions of the Yalta agreement in relation to the rights of other countries. The Soviet Union vehemently disagreed and demanded that the U.S. adhere to its promises made to the Soviet Union in Yalta as a condition of the Soviet Union's entry into the war with Japan. A particular point of disagreement at the time was the fact that the draft text of the treaty, while stating that Japan will renounce all rights to Southern Sakhalin and the Kuril islands, did not state explicitly that Japan would recognize the Soviet Union's sovereignty over these territories.
His acting roles include "Rahikainen" in Aki Kaurismäki's "Crime and Punishment" and "Pekka" in another Aki Kaurismäki film "Calamari Union". In Calamari Union, Pekka appears for most of the film to gibber in English in an apparent schizophrenic delusion about his days as a soldier of fortune. This viewer interpretation is subverted towards the end of the movie, as a group of Latin American freedom fighters wreak their vengeance by shooting him like a dog.
Researchers have determined that romantic love is a complex emotion which can be divided into either passionate or companionate forms. Berscheid and Walster (1978 ) and Hatfield (1988 ) found that these two forms can co-exist, either simultaneously or intermittently. Passionate love is the arousal-driven emotion which often gives people extreme feelings of happiness, and can also give people feelings of anguish. Companionate love is the form which creates a steadfast bond between two people, and gives people feelings of peace.
10 - 5 = 5
The Supreme Court reversed the District Court and held that the NFA provision (criminalizing possession of certain firearms) was not violative of the Second Amendment's restriction and therefore was not unconstitutional.
There is a seat dedicated to Cunninghame Graham in the Scottish Storytelling Centre in Edinburgh with the inscription:
Despite this, the nowadays widespread equidistant 24- or 72-tone tuning of common Arab and Turkish qanun models do not exactly reproduce the traditionally understood interval ratios of Arabic maqam or Ottoman Turkish makam scales. Such kanun models may differ to an audible extent from a justly tuned tanbur or an exactly intonating oud, ney, or kemenche. Multiples of equal temperament has little in common with the theoretical tradition of the Middle East for which it can only offer approximated intervals. In Turkey and the Arab world, this trend most probably originated in Westernizing tendencies following the French Campaign in Egypt and Syria.
Shilohs have herding instincts that make them excellent partners in the arena. Shilohs have been recognized by the American Herding Breed Association (AHBA) since 2004. The AHBA's preliminary test for Herding Instinct is used to determine if a Shiloh has the instincts and interest for herding.
Clothes.
Frederick Chiluba
Şanlıurfa has a hot summer Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification "Csa"). Şanlıurfa is very hot during the summer months. Temperatures in the height of summer usually reach 39 °C (102 °F). Rainfall is almost non-existent during the summer months. Winters are cool and wet. Frost is common and there is sporadic snowfall. Spring and autumn are mild and also wet.
Reruns.
Nauru and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The Old Hungarian script has also been described as "runic" or "runiform" because it is superficially reminiscent of the Germanic runic alphabet. The English name in ISO 15924 is "Old Hungarian (Hungarian Runic)".
Jibril was seriously injured in an explosion during an exercise in the Bekaa valley in 1997. He also experienced an assassination attempt in 2000 when his car came under fire near a PFLP-GC base south of Beirut.
Thalassemia can co-exist with other hemoglobinopathies. The most common of these are:
Throughout the country, there was a variation in preference for scriptural or customary laws because in many Hindu and Muslim communities, these were sometimes at conflict; such instances were present in communities like the Jats and the Dravidians. The Shudras, for instance, allowed widow remarriage—completely contrary to the scriptural Hindu law (Anglo-Hindu law). The Hindu laws got preference because of their relative ease in implementation, preference for such a Brahminical system by both British and Indian judges and their fear of opposition from the high caste Hindus. The difficulty in investigating each specific practice of any community, case-by-case, made customary laws harder to implement. Towards the end of the nineteenth century, favouring local opinion, the recognition of individual customs and traditions increased.
In 1804 the convicts rebelled in the Castle Hill convict rebellion, also known as the second "Battle of Vinegar Hill". Overpowering their guards, they marched towards Parramatta,
Reforms in Peru and elsewhere.
Situated ethics
The rate of centrifugation is specified by the angular velocity measured in revolutions per minute (RPM), or acceleration expressed as "g". The conversion factor between RPM and "g" depends on the radius of the sample in the centrifuge rotor. The particles' settling velocity in centrifugation is a function of their size and shape, centrifugal acceleration, the volume fraction of solids present, the density difference between the particle and the liquid, and the viscosity. The most common application is the separation of solid from highly concentrated suspensions, which is use in the treatment of sewage sludges for dewatering where less consistent sediment is produced.
In his book "The Information Society: An Introduction" (Sage, 2003, p. 44), Armand Mattelart credits Coomarswamy for coining the term 'post-industrial' in 1913.

<doc id="286153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=286153" title="Kurt Koffka">
Media attention and reception.
Polyphonic music is found among the Aka–Baka and the Mbuti, but not among the Gyele (Kola) or the various groups of Twa.
Copy numbers listed below are as found in the Incunabula Short Title Catalogue, taken from a 1985 survey of existing copies by Ilona Hubay; the two copies in Russia were not known to exist in 1985, and so were not catalogued.
In the early church, especially from the third century on, ecclesiastic authorities allowed a confessor or a Christian awaiting martyrdom to intercede for another Christian in order to shorten the other's canonical penance.
Diagnosis.

One of novels in The Empires Trilogy is set in Shou Lung of Kara-Tur.
A dissident, broadly defined, is a person who actively challenges an established doctrine, policy, or institution. When dissidents unite for a common cause they often affect a dissident movement.
Vowel changes, especially ä for e, are made to conform with derived or otherwise close forms
Types.
1968 Olympics
Contributors.
After her retirement from singing in 1980 up through 2006, Sills was the host for many of the PBS "Live from Lincoln Center" telecasts.
Legally, however, the Duchy remained separate from France proper; the two titles were linked only by the marriage of the King and Queen, and in 1498 when Charles VIII died childless, the title "Duke of Brittany" remained with Anne, rather than passing to the heir of France, Louis XII. Anne of Brittany returned to Brittany and began to re-establish an independent sovereign rule. However, the new French king, Louis XII married Anne himself, and so the King of France was once more Duke of Brittany "". Legally, Brittany still remained distinct, and its future remained dependent on the Ducal bloodline, now held by the House of Montfort. When Anne died, Brittany passed to her daughter and heiress, Claude, rather than remaining with the King of France, her father.
Genres, themes, and interests.

It is NP-hard to distinguish whether OPT is 2 or 3, thus for all ε > 0, bin packing is hard to approximate within 3/2 − ε. (If such an approximation exists, one could determine whether "n" non-negative integers can be partitioned into two sets with the same sum in polynomial time. However, this problem is known to be NP-hard.) Consequently, the bin packing problem does not have a polynomial-time approximation scheme (PTAS) unless On the other hand, for any 0 < ε ≤ 1, it is possible to find a solution using at most (1 + ε)OPT + 1 bins in polynomial time. This approximation type is known as asymptotic PTAS.
In 1646, Mademoiselle met Charles, Prince of Wales. Her aunt, Queen Henrietta Maria of England, encouraged the idea of marrying Charles, stating he had taken a "fancy" to Mademoiselle, but nothing further was said at the time.
Stevens also devised a number of basic starting points for improvisation. These were not "compositions" as such, but rather a means of getting improvisational activity started, which could then go off in any direction. One of these was the so-called "Click Piece" which essentially asked for each player to repeatedly play a note as short as possible.

Collection.
At the southern end the terminus is Birmingham Snow Hill station, which allows interchange with the National Rail network. Platform 4 was taken out of use to make space for the tram. From Snow Hill, the line runs north-west, and for the first few miles it runs alongside the Birmingham to Worcester railway line, before the two diverge. Two stations on this stretch (Jewellery Quarter and The Hawthorns) are also tram/railway interchange stations.
Long live Liberia, happy land!

In February 2014, she released a video in support of the gay, and lesbian, community in Iran, which faces significant challenges in it struggle for equal rights, including the ongoing threat of the death penalty for being convicted of being lesbian, and gay. This made her the first prominent Iranian with a huge following to speak out against homophobia in Iran, the video has sparked discussion about issue affecting Iran's LGBT communities.
<doc id="287513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=287513" title="Index of Cantonese-related articles">
This Bird Sanctuary is situated on the main Ganges river, or Neel Dhara, at the Bhimgoda Barrage, it is a paradise for bird watchers and home to many migratory birds during the winter season.
Freight.
Legacy.
Availability, usage.

The University of Vermont Greek Community is one of the oldest in the nation with the first fraternal organization starting in 1836.
Common causes for sprouts to become inedible:
In 2012, Almond took the role of the Roman Stoic philosopher Seneca in the Paris Théâtre du Châtelet's experimental rock adaptation of Poppea based on Monteverdi's original 17th century opera "The Coronation of Poppea" also starring ex-Libertines Carl Barat, Benjamin Biolay, Fredrika Stahl, Valerie Gabail and Anna Madison.
The subjunctive is used in conjunction with impersonal expressions and expressions of emotion, opinion, desire or viewpoint. More importantly, it applies to most hypothetical situations, likely or unlikely, desired or not. Normally, only certitude of (or statement of) a fact will remove the possibility of its use. Unlike French, it is also used in phrases expressing the past conditional. The negative of the imperative shares the same form with the present subjunctive.
In 2001 a number of these communes formed the "Communauté de l'agglomération d'Annecy" (CAA).
The box set was released to good reviews, including a 5-star review in "Uncut" and a 4-star review in "The Guardian" amongst others.
Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose was born in Bikrampur, Bengal, (now Munshiganj District of Bangladesh) on 30 November 1858. His father, Bhagawan Chandra Bose, was a Brahmo and leader of the Brahmo Samaj and worked as a deputy magistrate/ assistant commissioner in Faridpur, Bardhaman and other places. His family hailed from the village Rarikhal, Bikrampur, in the current day Munshiganj District of Bangladesh.
Jordan Katz, Executive Vice President and General Manager, BMG Distribution
After Angelou's marriage ended in 1954, she danced professionally in clubs around San Francisco, including the nightclub the Purple Onion, where she sang and danced to calypso music. Up to that point she went by the name of "Marguerite Johnson", or "Rita", but at the strong suggestion of her managers and supporters at the Purple Onion she changed her professional name to "Maya Angelou", a "distinctive name" that set her apart and captured the feel of her calypso dance performances. During 1954 and 1955, Angelou toured Europe with a production of the opera "Porgy and Bess". She began her practice of learning the language of every country she visited, and in a few years she gained proficiency in several languages. In 1957, riding on the popularity of calypso, Angelou recorded her first album, "Miss Calypso", which was reissued as a CD in 1996. She appeared in an off-Broadway review that inspired the 1957 film "Calypso Heat Wave", in which Angelou sang and performed her own compositions.
Kelly is the uncle of Chad Kelly, who had been playing for the Clemson Tigers football team, and was suspended for conduct issues.
Under the Portuguese domination, there was a Bishop of Tangier who was a suffragan of Lisbon but in 1570 the diocese was united to the diocese of Ceuta. Six Bishops of Tangier from this period are known, the first, who did not reside in his see, in 1468. During the era of the protectorate over Morocco, Tangier was the residence of the Prefect Apostolic of Morocco, the mission having been founded on November 28, 1630, and entrusted to the Friars Minor. At the time it had a Catholic church, several chapels, schools, and a hospital. The Prefecture Apostolic was raised to the status of a Vicariate Apostolic of Marocco April 14, 1908, and on November 14, 1956, became the Archdiocese of Tangier.
The James P. Muldoon River Center.
Similar ideas such as the Lin'ga S'ari-ra are found in ancient Hindu scriptures such as the "YogaVashishta-Maharamayana of Valmiki". Modern Indians who have vouched for astral projection include Paramahansa Yogananda who witnessed Swami Pranabananda doing a miracle through a possible astral projection and Osho (Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh) who practiced it himself.
Outbreak investigation.
The anthology format allowed the show to try out characters and settings for series development, and, during its broadcast run, "Police Story" generated three spin-offs. A first-season episode, "The Gamble," starring Angie Dickinson, became the pilot for the successful "Police Woman" series, which ran from 1974-1978. "The Return of Joe Forrester," a second-season episode starring Lloyd Bridges, was developed into the weekly series "Joe Forrester". Finally, "A Chance to Live," a special episode from the fifth season starring David Cassidy, was spun off into the series "". That series didn't do as well, and lasted only ten episodes. 
The quality of provenance of an important work of art can make a considerable difference to its selling price in the market; this is affected by the degree of certainty of the provenance, the status of past owners as collectors, and in many cases by the strength of evidence that an object has not been illegally excavated or exported from another country. The provenance of a work of art may vary greatly in length, depending on context or the amount that is known, from a single name to an entry in a scholarly catalogue some thousands of words long.
Content of a file codice_2
V7 was the first readily portable version of Unix. As this was the era of minicomputers, with their many architectural variations, and also the dawning of the market for 16-bit microprocessors, many ports were completed within the first few years of its release. The first Sun workstations (then based on the Motorola 68010) ran a V7 port by UniSoft; the first version of Xenix for the Intel 8086 was derived from V7; and Onyx Systems soon produced a Zilog Z8000 computer running V7. The VAX port of V7, called UNIX/32V, was the direct ancestor of the popular 4BSD family of Unix systems.


Mahabali was the grandson of Prahlada (son of Hiranyakashyapa who was slain by Vishnu in his Narasimha Avatara). Prahlada, despite being an Asura, had great faith in Vishnu. Mahabali had become a devotee of Lord Vishnu as a child due to his grandfather Prahlada.
Various lines were also supplemented with double tracks to permit a wider flow of traffic, including:
