

The Highland Park Historic Preservation Commission named it a local landmark in 2011.. The current owners received the Highland Park 2012 Historic Preservation Award for Restoration.
From as far back as 1904 there was rising concern about the West Indian Flamingo populations. During the 1960s the Bahamas National Trust formed the Inagua National Park. The Inagua National Park is the where the world's largest breeding colony of West Indian Flamingoes can be found. Forty years ago this flamingo species made a comeback from the brink of extinction to a colony of over 50,000 birds. The park has contributed to increasing bird populations in nearby islands such as Mayaguana, Acklins, Crooked Island, Cuba, and Andros. In 1997 the park was designated a wetland of international importance. It is also known as a bird watchers' paradise as it was designated an Important Bird Area.


He was awarded the American Finance Association Fischer Black Prize, 2011. The award is given to a young researcher whose body of work "best exemplifies the Fischer Black hallmark of developing original research that is relevant to finance."
On July 14, 2012, the organization's 400th planting project occurred at the University of Florida Teaching Garden located at the Plant City, Florida campus of Hillsborough Community College. A 5-gallon Silver Maple ("Acer saccharinum") was planted by Founding Member William Moriaty.
David Nusair wrote that the film was "fairly predictable, but mostly entertaining," and offered that "the performances are fine". Kevin LaForest felt that the film had the potential to be an enjoyable thriller, but that it was lacking in depth and originality, concluding that it was "too stiff and self-important." Christopher Null of "AMC Filmcritic" felt that was well-made and reasonably well-acted, but that its staging being confined to the yacht for 90 minutes became a little tiresome, summarizing "Not a bad time, but not a great movie. It hits and misses, but at least it floats." Buzz McClain of "All Movie Guide" wrote that the director's nontraditional style might not work for everyone, apecially in consideration of Dominique Swain's performance, but added that there was no question that the film's conclusion will generate conversation and introspection for those who understand it.
In United States agricultural policy, Historic peanut producers are those producers who were actively involved in planting and harvesting peanuts in the 1998-2001 period. Under the 2002 farm bill (P.L. 107-171, Sec. 1301-1310), only these historic producers are eligible to receive fixed direct payments and counter-cyclical payments under the new peanut program, irrespective of whether or not they continue to produce peanuts. Payments made to these producers are based on past production on historical acreage.
Raced under the banner of Audley Farm Stable, Easter Stockings was trained by Kay Spence. A winner at two, in 1928 Easter Stockings won the Kentucky and Latonia Oaks en route to earning American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly honors. At age four she returned to the track and won several good races including events that included her male counterparts.
Sergei Shumilin
StudioSTL celebrates National Punctuation Day annually and participates in Clayton, MO's The Big Read.

Impact crater

Sourdough, Montana
