As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 10,204 and a density of 1,272.32 persons per km². The total area was 8.02 km².
The next morning White went to City Hall armed with his police .38 Smith & Wesson revolver and 10 extra cartridges in his coat pocket. To avoid the metal detector he entered the building through a basement window, and proceeded to the office of Mayor George Moscone. Following a brief argument, White shot the Mayor in the shoulder and chest, and then twice in the head. White then walked to his former office, reloading his gun, and asked Milk to join him. White then shot Milk in the wrist, shoulder and chest, and then twice in the head, execution style. Supervisor Dianne Feinstein heard the gunshots and called the police, who found Milk on his stomach, blood pouring out of his head wounds.
Motives and strategies.
See also.

original patterning of the walls. The existing wall pattern has modern, being a copy of that found, but
First seen at the end of 1992, the car was produced between 1993 and 2002, with a facelift in 1998. Citroën sold over 1.2 million Xantias during its 9 years of production. After European production ceased in late 2002, overlapping with the C5 by 18 months, the SAIPA Corporation in Iran produced it (until September 2010).

The two were the first to measure accurately the brightnesses of stars whose light varies with time. Goodricke reported the first precise measurement of the period of variation of the star Algol, which is now known to be an eclipsing binary star. For this work, he was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society of London in 1783. He was elected to membership in the Royal Society in 1786, less than two weeks before he died at the age of 21. He is buried with his grandparents, parents, brother, and nephew in the churchyard at Hunsingore, North Yorkshire. At present, the only stone marking their burial places says "The Goodricke Vault." (bio by: Linda French)

Since 1965 Lords of the Manor have been entitled to compensation in the event of compulsory purchase. Before the Land Registration Act 2002 it was possible for manors to be registered with HM Land Registry. Manorial incidents, which are the rights that a lord of the manor may exercise over other people's land, lapsed on 12 October 2013 if not registered by then with the Land Registry. This is a separate issue to the registration of lordships of manors, since both registered and unregistered lordships will continue to exist after that date. It is only their practical rights that will lose what is called 'overriding interest', or in other words the ability to affect land even if the interests or rights are not registered against that land, as of 12 October 2013. Manorial incidents can still be recorded for either registered or unregistered manors; however, proof of existence of the rights may need to be submitted to the Land Registry before they will be noted and they may not be registered at all after affected land is sold after 12 October 2013. This issue does not affect the existence of the title of lord of the manor. There have been cases where manors have been sold and the seller has unknowingly parted with rights to unregistered land in England and Wales.
After the interchange with CR 53, I-481 continues northward through DeWitt, paralleling Fly Road (CR 77). A short distance later, I-481 crosses over the New York State Thruway (I-90) and enters exit 6, a trumpet interchange leading to exit 34A of the Thruway. A short distance after the Thruway, I-481 enters a partial cloverleaf interchange with NY 298 (Collamer Road). The freeway continues northeast, crossing over East Taft Road (CR 18) in DeWitt before bending northwest into the town of Cicero. In Cicero, I-481 enters an interchange (exit 8) with Northern Boulevard (CR 82). A short distance to the west in the town of North Syracuse, I-481 enters exit 9, a cloverleaf interchange with I-81. At this junction, the designation of I-481 ends while NY 481 continues northwestward toward Oswego.

Zippo now awaiting execution, recalls the events leading to this situation. Prior to his capture, Zippo sprayed anti-government graffiti across the city and dealt with the oppressive police force when required. Zippo meets with his mentor "Kroll", and discovers that Kroll is being manipulated by Medusa into defacing the city as punishment for creating it. Detective inspector Sturn arrives with a squad of "G men", killing Kroll and capturing Zippo, bringing him to the police headquarters "Der Kran". Resisting interrogation, Zippo is sentenced to execution.
The victory of the "no" camp in the referendum on sovereignty association was a turning point in Québécois history and culture. Denys Arcand made one of his most acclaimed picture with the NFB, "Le confort et l'indifférence", about the result of the referendum. He then proceeded to direct two movies that were nominated for best foreign picture at the Academy Awards: 1986's "Le Déclin de l'empire américain" and 1989's "Jésus de Montréal".
In addition, C, like Ada, provides unspecified or undefined explicit conversions; and unlike in Ada, idioms that use these conversions are very common, and have helped to give C a type-unsafe reputation. For example, the standard way to allocate memory on the heap is to invoke a memory allocation function, such as codice_6, with an argument indicating how many bytes are required. The function returns an untyped pointer (type codice_7), which the calling code must cast to the appropriate pointer type. Older C specifications required an explicit cast to do so, therefore the code codice_8 became the accepted practice. However, this practice is discouraged in ANSI C as it can mask a failure to include the header file in which codice_6 is defined, resulting in downstream errors on machines where the int and pointer types are of different sizes, such as most common implementations of C for the now-ubiquitous x86 64 architecture. A conflict arises in code that is required to compile as C++, since the cast is necessary in that language.
Dieselisation.
From 1959 to 1961, he served as a flight surgeon in the United States Navy stationed at the Keflavík naval base in Iceland. McDonald married an Icelandic national, Anna Tryggvadottir, with whom he would eventually have three children: Tryggvi Paul, Callie Grace, and Mary Elizabeth. It was in Iceland that McDonald first began to take note of communism. He felt the U.S. Embassy in Reykjavik was doing things advantageous to the Communists; therefore he went to his commanding officer, but was told he did not understand the big picture.
In 2010, a diving project in Loch Striven successfully located "at least eight" Highball prototypes, under more than of water. There are plans to recover some of these prototypes, for conservation and restoration at Brooklands Museum.
<doc id="602887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=602887" title="Battle of Breitenfeld">
In July 2011, Ray & Anita invited fans to be part of the video for "Nothing 2 Lose" in Amsterdam. Fans applied via email and were selected randomly. The video with the fans was shot on 28 July. The single was released at the end of August 2011. The single is also the lead track for the film soundtrack of "Amsterdam Heavy". In the same month, Ray & Anita headlined the "I Love the 90's" stage at Tomorrowland in Belgium.
Roger acquired a great lordship in England, with lands in Salfordshire, Essex, Suffolk, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Lincolnshire, Hampshire and North Yorkshire. The principal part of the Lordship was in what was then called "inter Mersam et Ripam", that is, "between the Mersey and the Ribble" and is now part of divided into Lancashire, Merseyside, and Greater Manchester. After 1090, he also assumed the title 1st Lord of Bowland.
Communities.
Economy.
<doc id="603237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=603237" title="Alexander Wallace Matheson">
King Sobhuza continued the tribal practice of maintaining many consorts. According to the Swaziland National Trust Commission, King Sobhuza II married 70 wives, who gave him 210 children between 1920 and 1970. About 180 children survived infancy, and 97 sons and daughters are reported living. At his death he had more than 1000 grandchildren.
The Russian cemetery containing at least 270 burials on an adjacent ridge has been cleared and the gravesites identified by archaeological excavations during 1990-1992. A large orchard, including several original trees planted by the Russians, is located inland on Fort Ross Road in Sonoma County.
Elective
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Summers appeared on television talk shows, including a stint on ABC television's "Home Show". After "Double Dare's" cancellation in 1993, Summers co-hosted "Our Home", a daily talk show aimed at homemakers, on Lifetime. Summers left "Our Home" after a couple of seasons to co-host another Lifetime talk show, "Biggers & Summers".
Lord Brockway continued to campaign for world peace and was for several years the chairman of the Movement for Colonial Freedom. Other important posts held by him include the Presidency of the British Council for Peace in Vietnam, and membership of the Advisory Council of the British Humanist Association. The World Disarmament Campaign was founded by Brockway in 1979, together with Philip Noel-Baker, to work for the implementation of the policies agreed at the 1978 Special Session on Disarmament of the UN General Assembly.
Fischer played the Exchange Variation of the Ruy Lopez, a favorite line of his. After 17...Rfe8 the game was equal (Gipslis). Spassky defended well, and after a tactical flurry in the endgame, ended up with the nominal advantage of an extra pawn in a rook ending known to be an easy book draw. Although a draw could have been agreed after move 34, Spassky "used his symbolic material advantage for a little psychological torture", prolonging the game until move 60 before agreeing to a draw. Fischer–Spassky, game 16; Ruy Lopez, Exchange Variation (ECO C69) 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Bxc6 dxc6 5.0-0 f6 6.d4 Bg4 7.dxe5 Qxd1 8.Rxd1 fxe5 9.Rd3 Bd6 10.Nbd2 Nf6 11.Nc4 Nxe4 12.Ncxe5 Bxf3 13.Nxf3 0-0 14.Be3 b5 15.c4 Rab8 16.Rc1 bxc4 17.Rd4 Rfe8 18.Nd2 Nxd2 19.Rxd2 Re4 20.g3 Be5 21.Rcc2 Kf7 22.Kg2 (diagram) Rxb2 23.Kf3 c3 24.Kxe4 cxd2 25.Rxd2 Rb5 26.Rc2 Bd6 27.Rxc6 Ra5 28.Bf4 Ra4+ 29.Kf3 Ra3+ 30.Ke4 Rxa2 31.Bxd6 cxd6 32.Rxd6 Rxf2 33.Rxa6 Rxh2 34.Kf3 Rd2 35.Ra7+ Kf6 36.Ra6+ Ke7 37.Ra7+ Rd7 38.Ra2 Ke6 39.Kg2 Re7 40.Kh3 Kf6 41.Ra6+ Re6 42.Ra5 h6 43.Ra2 Kf5 44.Rf2+ Kg5 45.Rf7 g6 46.Rf4 h5 47.Rf3 Rf6 48.Ra3 Re6 49.Rf3 Re4 50.Ra3 Kh6 51.Ra6 Re5 52.Kh4 Re4+ 53.Kh3 Re7 54.Kh4 Re5 55.Rb6 Kg7 56.Rb4 Kh6 57.Rb6 Re1 58.Kh3 Rh1+ 59.Kg2 Ra1 60.Kh3 Ra4 ½–½
Although Ponting fully expected to be imprisoned – and had brought his toothbrush and shaving kit along to the court on 11 February 1985 – he was acquitted by the jury. The acquittal came despite the judge's direction to the jury that Ponting's official duty was not to disclose the information and that "the public interest is what the government of the day says it is". Earlier in the trial the judge, Sir Anthony McCowan, decided that he should direct the jury to find Ponting guilty; the one thing a judge cannot do. Ponting resigned from the civil service on 16 February 1985.
Edward Goderich "Carji" Greeves, Junior (1 November 1903 – 15 April 1963) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was the winner of the inaugural Brownlow Medal in 1924, for the fairest and best player in the VFL (it is now, since 1990, awarded to the fairest and best player in the Australian Football League).

Medical uses.
Individuals with decreased RV ejection fraction with dyskinetic portions of the right ventricle may benefit from long term anticoagulation with warfarin to prevent thrombus formation and subsequent pulmonary embolism.
Chip and PIN cards are not foolproof; several vulnerabilities have been found and demonstrated, and there have been large-scale instances of fraudulent exploitation. In many cases banks have been reluctant to accept that their systems could be at fault and have refused to refund victims of what is arguably fraud, although legislation introduced in November 2009 has improved victims' rights and put the onus on the banks to prove negligence or fraud by the cardholder. Vulnerabilities and fraud are discussed in depth in the main article.
His most famous work is "Bambi" (1923). It was translated into English in 1928 and became a Book-of-the-Month Club success. In 1933, he sold the film rights to director Sidney Franklin for only $1,000, and Franklin later transferred the rights to the Walt Disney studios, which formed the basis of the 1942 animated classic, "Bambi".
The Army–Navy Game is an American college football rivalry game between the teams of the United States Military Academy (USMA) at West Point, New York and the United States Naval Academy (USNA) at Annapolis, Maryland. The USMA team, the "Army Black Knights", and the USNA team, the "Navy Midshipmen", each represent their services' oldest officer commissioning sources. As such, the game has come to embody the spirit of the interservice rivalry of the United States Armed Forces. Though not intentional, for several years the game has marked the end of the college football regular season.
The Jewish Culture Festival in Kraków (, ) is an annual cultural event organized since 1988 in the once Jewish district of Kazimierz (part of Kraków) by the Jewish Culture Festival Society headed by Janusz Makuch, a self-described "meshugeneh", fascinated with all things Jewish. The main goal of the festival is to educate people about Jewish culture, history and faith (Judaism), which flourished in Poland before the Holocaust, as well as to familiarize them with modern Jewish culture developing mostly in the United States and Israel, and finally, to provide entertainment.
Sprague's engines were used as far afield as Sydney Harbour, Australia. A five-horsepower Lundell electric motor used at the Cockatoo Island dockyard between 1900 and 1980 is now in the collection of the National Museum of Australia in Canberra.
O'Brien has revealed that the producers' original concept for the show was "kind of like Dungeons and Dragons to some extent". Therefore when it came to selecting the show's host, their thinking was "what we need is a dungeon master", and O'Brien's name "was thrown into the hat at that point". He also commented that he found "The Crystal Maze" "the better programme" compared to "Fort Boyard".
Náutico.
Trenches are located at intervals across a site leaving the rest untouched. A mechanical excavator is used to dig down to archaeological features or natural geological deposits and any archaeology is recorded. No further excavation takes place at this stage. The results of the trial trenching are used to inform any future stage of work which may extend to full excavation of the rest of the site if the evaluation reveals significant finds.

Coffee is no longer thought to be a risk factor for coronary heart disease. A 2012 meta-analysis concluded that people who drank moderate amounts of coffee had a lower rate of heart failure, with the biggest effect found for those who drank more than four cups a day.
Word order.
NASA Experience.
But Henry was still wary of Robert and placed his followers in key positions in Normandy. In the rebellion of 1110/2 barons on the frontier of Normandy were disgruntal over Henry's policies and especially of his attempting to take custody of William Clito, son of Robert Curthose. According to Orderic, Robert played a central role in this rebellion after the death of Elias I, Count of Maine in July 1110. In 1112 Robert was sent as an envoy of the French king to Henry I at his court at Bonneville to negotiate the release of Robert Curthose, whereas Henry seized Robert and imprisoned him. Apparently Henry had charges already prepared; failing to attend Henry at his court after being summoned three times, of failing to render accounts, and of acting against his lord's interests. Technically Robert may have been guilty but arguably it was not safe for him to attend Henry, he may have regarded the revenues as gifts and it's also arguable whether the charge of acting against Henry's interests warranted the severity of the punishment. In addition Robert was under the king's protection as an emissary sent to negotiate Robert Curthose's release. This gave the act international implications but at the time Louis VI of France and Henry I were intriguing against each other so the breach of protocol went unpunished. But with Robert's imprisonment the rebellion against Henry collapsed. Robert spent the rest of his life as a prisoner; the exact date of his death is not known.
He also frescoed in Paoline Chapel of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome as well as the Aldobrandini wings of the Vatican. According to rumor, the pontifical chapel of Montecavallo (Chapel of the Annuciation) was assigned to Reni to paint. However, because he felt underpaid by the ministers, the artist left for Bologna, leaving the role of the preeminent artist in Rome to Domenichino.
Work.
Though Don Cornelius moved his operations west, "Soul Train" continued in Chicago as a local program. Cornelius hosted the local Chicago and Los Angeles–based national programs simultaneously, but soon focused his attention solely on the national edition. He continued to oversee production in Chicago, where Clinton Ghent hosted episodes on WCIU-TV until 1976, followed by three years of once-weekly reruns. The syndicated version was picked up in Chicago by CBS-owned WBBM-TV at its launch; the program moved to WGN-TV in 1977 and remained there for the balance of its run.
American-Tan.
"He reached as far as (the city of) Buštu, as far as (the city of) Malmali."
Philosophy.


<doc id="605727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=605727" title="Kronecker's theorem">
At the Slam Bang Club, Madame Dilly is in a drunken stupor. Gabey asks her where Ivy is, and she lets it slip that she is at Coney Island. Gabey runs off to find her. Chip and Ozzie, afraid that he won't be able to get back to the ship on time, rush after him. On their way out, they come across Lucy and Pitkin. Claire once again leaves him to go with Ozzie. Pitkin recalls all the times in his life that he "understood" and realizes he's been played the fool by everyone, including Claire ("Pitkin's Song (I Understand)"). He also bonds with Lucy and the two of them join the chase along with the little old lady, the police officers, Figment, and Uperman.
After his retirement, Larkin was hired as a special assistant to the general manager in the Washington Nationals organization. With the Nationals, he worked under former Reds general manager Jim Bowden. Larkin had hoped to work for the Reds, but "USA Today" reported that his 2003 contract disagreement with Allen eliminated that opportunity. In 2008, he signed with the MLB Network as a studio analyst. 
There are over 100 species of papilomavirus recognised. All papillomaviruses (PVs) have similar genomic organizations, and any pair of PVs contains at least five homologous genes, although the nucleotide sequence may diverge by more than 50%. Phylogenetic algorithms that permit the comparison of homologies led to phylogenetic trees that have a similar topology, independent of the gene analyzed. Phylogenetic studies strongly suggest that PVs normally evolve together with their mammalian and bird host species, do not change host species, do not recombine, and have maintained their basic genomic organization for a period exceeding 100 million years. These sequence comparisons have laid the foundation for a PV taxonomy, which is now officially recognized by the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses. All PVs form the family "Papillomaviridae", which is distinct from the "Polyomaviridae" thus eliminating the term "Papovaviridae". Major branches of the phylogenetic tree of PVs are considered genera, which are identified by Greek letters. Minor branches are considered species and unite PV types that are genomically distinct without exhibiting known biological differences. This new taxonomic system does not affect the traditional identification and characterization of PV "types" and their independent isolates with minor genomic differences, referred to as "subtypes" and "variants", all of which are taxa below the level of "species". The family "Papillomaviridae" currently contains 30 genera.
Jacobs addressed those who will open the crypt in AD 8113 in a note hoping for future efforts for preservation, saying, "The world is engaged in burying our civilization forever, and here in this crypt we leave it to you."
During production, Irving Thalberg, who had brought the Marx Brothers to MGM, died suddenly of pneumonia at age 37. After Thalberg's death the studio never gave the proper care to the Marx Brothers, and the three movies made at MGM afterward are considered to be far inferior than the first two as a result.
The fourth season aired in 2012. This year Miguel Kristiansen and Vida Lill Gausemel Berge won the controversial contest, but Vida Lill dropped the ball, and won 200,000 NOK, and shared 100,000 with her former partner, Stian Thorbjørnsen. The show has begun to appear yearly on TV3.
Malampa Province
Origins and first phase (1989–1995).
Canada
List of death deities

Deputy Attorney General.
National Hockey League (1989–2004).
Frosting spatula
The Lord Mayhew's counsel argued, "The purpose of a writ of summons is to bring a peer to parliament for the first time. It tells him to come and join the parliament. He then hands in the writ. It has had its effect. He is there; it is no longer needed; it does not keep him: otherwise he would have to return it daily. Once he has handed the writ in, it is his status as lord of that parliament ('a member of the House of Lords') which confers rights and duties." Counsel suggested further that there were separate punishments for failure to obey the writ by attending and for leaving before Parliament concluded without a leave of absence. 
Formulas.

Charles Bass attended the Holderness School in Holderness, New Hampshire, where he was elected President of the school in his senior year. Bass graduated from Dartmouth College in 1974.
Administrative and municipal status.
The Onondaga ("Onöñda’gega’ "or "Hill Place") people are one of the original five constituent nations of the Iroquois ("Haudenosaunee") Confederacy. Their traditional homeland is in and around Onondaga County, New York. Known as "Gana’dagwëni:io’geh" to the other Iroquois tribes, this name allows people to know the difference when talking about Onondaga in Six Nations, Ontario or near Syracuse, New York. Being centrally located, they were considered the "Keepers of the Fire" ("Kayečisnakwe’nì·yu’" in Tuscarora) in the figurative longhouse. The Cayuga and Seneca had territory to their west and the Oneida and Mohawk to their east. For this reason, the League of the Iroquois historically met at the Iroquois government's capital at Onondaga, as indeed the traditional chiefs do today.
Geography.
Walls of Galata.
Khattak also migrated from Akora Khattak more than 100 years ago, and settled down in city of Mansehra in the current day province of Khyber Pashtunkhwa. They are settled in in the city of Mansehra, and in the villages of Lambi Dheri, Kotkay, Jhagir, and Labarkot. In addition, they are settled in some areas of Abbotabad.
In the state of Louisiana, vehicular homicide is defined as the killing of a human being while operating a motor vehicle, or other means of conveyance, under the influence of alcohol and/or controlled substances. The minimum punishment is a fine of at least $2,000 (not more than $15,000) and 5–30 years in prison.
The 1976 442 shared a new aerodynamic sloped nose designed for NASCAR with split grilles and new quad rectangular headlights with Cutlass S models, along with revised lower sheetmetal with fewer creases than the 1973–75 models. The 442 option was offered on Cutlass S coupes and was once again an appearance/handling package. Engine/transmission offerings were unchanged from 1975 except that the 260 V8 could be ordered with a five-speed manual transmission. This was also the final year for the 455 Rocket V8.
Monetary system
Kulick was a guest star along with Paul Stanley at Rock 'n Roll Fantasy Camp in New York City (Aug. 31-Sept. 3, 2003).
In May 2011, the paper announced it had sold of Biscayne Bayfront land surrounding its headquarters in the Omni district of Downtown Miami for $236 million, to a Malaysian resort developer, Genting Malaysia Berhad; McClatchy announced that the "Herald" and "El Nuevo Herald" would be moving to another location by 2013. In May 2013, the paper moved to a new building in suburban Doral.
Carrauntoohil is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club, i.e. a three thousander footer "furth" or "outside of" Scotland, which is why it is sometimes referred to as one of the Irish Munros.
Sources: Rowlands, "Trautmann: The Biography", p. 252; James, "Manchester City – The Complete Record", pp. 367–395.
3rd Belorussian Front was formally disbanded on August 15, 1945.
The SCN is situated in the anterior part of the hypothalamus immediately dorsal, or "superior" (hence supra) to the optic chiasm (CHO) bilateral to (on either side of) the third ventricle.
The next additions to the subway were surface commuter lines that linked to the north and east of the city. Line 13, a half loop that links the northern suburbs, first opened on the western half from Huilongguan to Xizhimen on September 28, 2002 and the entire line became operational on January 28, 2003. Batong Line, built as an extension to Line 1 to Tongzhou district, was opened as a separate line on December 27, 2003. Work on these two lines had begun respectively in December 1999 and 2000. Ridership hit 607 million in 2004.
To promote the album Immediate issued an advertisement that parodied The Lord's Prayer. It caused uproar in the British press and outraged readers wrote in and complained.
