Resurrection
Octavian asks Octavia to raise Antony and Cleopatra's twins, and she accepts. Pullo brings Caesarion to Rome under the name Aeneas, and tells Octavian that he has murdered the boy. The series ends with the indication that Pullo is about to tell Caesarion that he is in fact his father.
Branches of science – divisions within science with respect to the entity or system concerned, which typically embodies its own terminology and nomenclature.
<doc id="9145684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9145684" title="Cates, Indiana">
Charles-Augustin van de Werve
Family.
__NOTOC__
Michael Zarnock
Eliminated: Jason Greeley
PFC Velbazhd Kyustendil
Works.
Poetry Slam, Inc. is led by an executive council of 7 members, plus a paid executive director. The executive council members are up for election every 2 years by the SlamMaster body of Poetry Slam, Inc. Elections take place at the Spring SlamMaster meeting. 
<doc id="9149299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9149299" title="Harrison Meeting House Site and Cemetery">
The British Basketball League Cup, often shortened to the BBL Cup, is an annual cup competition for British basketball teams organised by the United Kingdom's top professional league, the British Basketball League. It is one of two peripheral competitions operated by the League during the regular season, with the other being the BBL Trophy. The competition is usually played as a single game knock-out tournament, and is only contested by members of the British Basketball League. The final takes place in early January at the National Indoor Arena in Birmingham.
Earliest reference to ball games comes to us from 500 BC, Gautama Buddha's list of games prohibited for monks. "khalika (dice games); ghaṭika (hitting a short stick with a long stick); salākahattha (a game played by dipping the hand in paint or dye, striking the ground or a wall, and requiring the participants to show the figure of an elephant, a horse etc.); akkha (ball games); paṅgacīra (blowing through toy pipes made of leaves); vaṅkaka (ploughing with miniature ploughs); mokkhacika (turning somersaults); ciṅgulika (playing with paper windmills); pattāḷaka (playing with toy measures)"
