It is similar to "Temnora rattrayi rattrayi", but the markings on the forewing are more distinct. The forewing upperside has the subbasal and median bands only faintly indicated.
The site of modern Skopje has been inhabited since at least 4000 BC; remains of Neolithic settlements have been found within the old Kale fortress that overlooks the modern city centre. The earliest people in Skopje Valley were probably the Triballi. Later the area was populated by the Paionians, but in the 3rd century BC, Skopje and the surrounding area was invaded by the Dardanians. "Scupi", the ancient name for Skopje, became the capital of Dardania, which extended from Naissus to Bylazora in the second century BC. Roman expansion east brought Skupi under Roman rule on the eve of the 1st century AD, but several legions from the Roman province of Macedonia from the Crassus' army of 29-28 BC, may already have been stationed there, before the official imperial command in this area was instituted. Short afterwards it became part of the province of Moesia during Augustus's rule. Most probably Scupi was founded as war camp, which became a town with a status of colony. The northward expansion of the empire in the course of the 1st century BC lead to the creation of the province of Moesia in Augustus's times, into which "Scupi" was incorporated. After the division of the province by Domitian in 86 AD, "Scupi" was elevated to "colonia" status, and became a seat of government within the new province of Moesia superior. The district called Dardania (in Moesia Superior), was formed into a "special province" by Diocletian, with the capital at Naissus. From 395 AD, it passed into the hands of the Eastern Roman (or Byzantine) Empire.
The Mehar of "Rajasthan", also known as Meher claim Rajput descent, though this is not accepted by other Rajputs. The Mehar of the Hadoti region refer to themselves as "Nand Mehar", claiming descent from king Nand of Vrindavan, and thus to be Nandvanshis.
Architecture and fittings.
