In total, 19 people were killed in Colombo Street in the February 2011 earthquake; all but one died in the central city:
Simply the Best (Art Garfunkel album)
Jones wrote also:
By this time, the little caravan was riven with dissention with Taylor fearing that Noga, her hired Chinese Muslim guide, might betray or even murder her. The transcriber of Taylor's diary, who knew Taylor well, suggests that Noga did not consider himself a servant, but rather an equal and that the dissention might have been due to misunderstanding about their servant/master relationship. To Taylor's relief, Noga departed on 14 December. 

When the Wang Jingwei regime was established in March 1940, Xu Liang also participated in it. He was appointed Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs and Chief of the Central Political Committee's Commission for Foreign Affairs, etc. In October 1940 he was appointed Ambassador to Japan, and he was sent to Manchukuo as special envoy. In December he returned to Nanjing, and was promoted to Minister of Foreign Affairs which post he held until next October. Later he was appointed Member of the North China Political Council () and Member of the National Government.
History.
He became a reader of 'Arian books' but he continued to attend the services of the Church of England as a silent worshipper, holding schism to be a sin, and believing his conduct to be directed by divine guidance. He studied astrology, but was convinced of its unscientific character. In May 1681, after recovering from smallpox, he had the first of a series of dreams, which he esteemed to be divine monitions. His first volume of essays (1687), 'per Gulielmum Liberam Clavem, i.e. FreeK,' is an attempt to moderate between 'our present differences in church and state.' A second volume of essays (1693) had a plan for a 'Lapis Errantium; or the Stray-Office: For all manner of things lost, found or mislaid within the weekly bills of mortality of the city of London.’ He gives tables of rates to regulate the reward payable to the finder and the fee to the office for safe custody.
The Reform Party of New York State (also known as the New York State Reform Party) is the state party organization for New York State of the Reform Party of the United States of America.
Wauwermans Islands () is a group of small, low, snow-covered islands forming the northernmost group in the Wilhelm Archipelago. Discovered by a German expedition 1873-74, under Dallmann. Sighted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, under Gerlache, and named for Lieutenant General Wauwermans, president of the Société Royale Belge de Géographie, a supporter of the expedition.
Mount Weir () is a steep section of the polar plateau escarpment with almost all of the rock exposed facing northeast, standing just south of the base of Fulgham Ridge at the head of Ramsey Glacier. Discovered and photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump on Flight 8A of February 16, 1947, and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Maj. Robert R. Weir, United States Marine Corps (USMC), pilot of this flight.
Oreste Sindici
<doc id="29425839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29425839" title="2008–09 ABA season">

"All times are Uruguay Time (UTC-3)."

<doc id="29427530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29427530" title="Tom Neil">
The Vostochny Mine is a unique coal mine. For the first time in world practice streaming technology of coal with conveyor transportation to the surface processing facility was designed and implemented. In order to add more value to the coal, along with coal mining, processing is performed before sending it to consumers .
