Well-crafted journalism always aims to elicit a connection between the audience and the news story. Creating that connection via different kinds of ‘immersion’ has long been considered ideal. Describing her reporting during World War II, reporter Martha Gellhorn called it ‘The view from the ground’. Writer George Plimpton actually joined the Detroit Lions American football team in order to give his readers the most intimate sense of playing in this team. Television news correspondent Walter Cronkite made a series of documentaries recreating historical events where he would offer a brief introduction before an announcer would give the date and the event, proclaiming, ‘You Are There!’ More recently, attempts to combine audio, video and photographs on the Internet have created what some journalists call ‘immersive storytelling.’ As technology editor at MSNBC, Jonathan Dube, said that he believes this can bring the reader or viewer ‘closer to the truth’.
Projections for after 2050 have usually assumed that fertility rates will have declined by then and the population will be stable or will decrease. However, a study in 2014 found that fertility rates in Africa have leveled off at around 4.6 instead of continuing to decline, and that consequently world population may be as high as 12 300 million by 2100. Reasons for the continuing high fertility rate include better survival rates with respect to HIV, and lack of availability of contraception. Another study on the other hand concludes that education of women will lead to low fertility rates even in Africa.
Cody Era (2001-2011).
In 1991, a 2,000-pound (910 kg) stallion she was riding at a horse show lost its footing and fell while her left foot was still in a stirrup, crushing every bone in her foot and causing nerve damage. Doctors told her she would likely not ever walk normally again. The following week, she was again riding, and 10 weeks later she resumed competing. In 1992, a 1,200-pound (540 kg) horse fell on her at a show, breaking four of her ribs, and trampled her trying to get up, slicing open a foot-long gash in her back from her shoulder blade on down with his steel cleats. In July 1998, a horse that she was riding stumbled on a jump, and she smashed her face, broke her nose, required 40 stitches, and could only see out of one of her eyes. She rode the next day. She has also fractured her left shoulder, and broken her collarbone twice, her arm, her wrist, and two fingers.

Ranking by Big (Total result) medals 
Players Tour Championship 2011/2012 – Event 9


His lipid profile has been posted and analyzed in the context of newer perspectives on cholesterol that are not in sync with those of the medical establishment. Moore is not an adherent of the current American Medical Association position on cholesterol.
The east and south wings of the present three-winged building date from Axel Berg's 1891 rebuilding and stand on Eigtved's foundations. They are designed in the Neo-Rococo style and are topped by a Mansard roof in copper and tile. The east wing has a three-bay risalit with pilasters and a triangular pediment, and a two-bay corner risilit at each end with segmental pediments. The entrance tower also dates from Berg's expansion.
Knowledge gap between social classes.
In a time when not much was being done to combat the human rights violations occurring in Chile, the Vicariate of Solidarity stood up in defense of human rights with the belief that they were integral teachings of the Christian gospel, and therefore part of the church’s mission to protect in the world. According to its records, ‘the fundamental inspiration for the Vicariate is the Word of the Lord in its totality, but especially as found in the parable of the Good Samaritan as written in St Luke 10: 25-37.’ The pastoral principles of the organization at its inception were: Solidarity, Witness, Preference for the Poor, Human Rights, A Central Ministry, Integral View of Human Rights and Promotion and Defense. The Vicariate does not discriminate based on religion, however, and its services apply to those of all faiths whose rights have been violated. In return, it does not ask for any benefits, ideological or organizational. In 1981, a committee met to highlight the main characteristics of the Vicariate as an institution of the Church. The report they came up with in the end emphasized:
