During pre-season prior to the start of the 2011–12 season, Beardsley scored the only goal of the game as Stevenage beat Hitchin Town in their first pre-season fixture. He made his first competitive appearance of the campaign as a 95th minute substitute in Stevenage's 4–3 extra-time defeat to Peterborough United in the League Cup, scoring Stevenage's third goal with a header from an acute angle to briefly restore parity. Beardsley scored his second goal of the season on 16 August 2011, matching his 2010–11 goal tally in the process, when he came on as a substitute with ten minutes remaining and scored Stevenage's third goal in a 3–1 away victory against Bournemouth. He scored twice against Rochdale in a 4–2 home win on 3 September, taking his tally for the season to four goals. Beardsley's first of the match came after Rochdale goalkeeper Jake Kean parried Craig Reid's shot into the path of Beardsley, who scored from close range. His second goal came just before half-time; turning quickly on the edge of the area before curling the ball into the far corner of the goal. His fifth goal of the season came in a 1–0 away victory against Brentford on 25 October 2011, with Beardsley's goal settling the match with twenty minutes remaining. Beardsley scored twice in Stevenage's 3–0 win over Stourbridge at the War Memorial Ground in the FA Cup on 3 December, scoring the club's first two goals of the match mid-way through the second-half to ensure Stevenage progressed to the Third Round for the second consecutive season. His next goal came two weeks later, on 17 December, as Beardsley opened the scoring in a 2–1 home victory over Tranmere Rovers. However, he picked up a hamstring injury in the build-up to the goal, and was subsequently substituted straight afterwards. The nine-day break between games meant that Beardsley was able to recover from the injury, and he started in Stevenage's 6–1 away win over Colchester United on 26 December. He was instrumental in the victory, assisting Robin Shroot's goal after nine minutes, before scoring the second goal with an effort from 25-yards out. Recurring hamstring injuries would mean Beardsley struggled for appearances during the second half of the campaign, scoring one further goal on the last day of the regular season – in a 3–0 home win over Bury. He scored ten times in 40 appearances during the season, and was Stevenage's top goalscorer in all competitions for the campaign.
