
Dumouriez was at heart a monarchist and King Louis XVI had been executed on 21 January 1793. He planned to lead the army to Paris and overthrow the National Convention. He negotiated with the Austrians to cooperate by not invading France while her borders were undefended. On 1 April, when the War Minister Pierre de Ruel, marquis de Beurnonville and the government commissioners arrived at his headquarters in Saint-Amand-les-Eaux to demand answers, Dumouriez arrested them and handed them over to the Austrians. The plan quickly unravelled when the plotters failed to seize control of the frontier fortresses. In one incident, Louis-Nicolas Davout's volunteer battalion fired on Dumouriez. While the cavalry and some of the regular infantry might have gone along with the scheme, the artillery and the volunteers, pro-Revolution to the core, refused to follow their general. On 5 April 1793, Dumouriez defected to the Austrians with Duke Louis of Chartres, Jean-Baptiste Cyrus de Valence and other officers. With the plot in ruins, the Austrians resumed hostilities.
<doc id="42652952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42652952" title="Kameshwar Choupal">
Burkholderia choica
On September 20, 2014, the new NERIT sign, was installed. 
8. Pointe-du-Lac

"Rolling Stone Magazine" critic Jon Landau describes "Beautiful" as an "uptempo song." The lyrics reflect themes present throughout the "Tapestry" album, such as the importance of self-esteem and positive outlook. Within the song, beauty is defined not as an attractive outward appearance but as inner beauty. In the verses of the song, the singer sings about the unhappy people she sees around her. The message is emphasized by setting the verses in a minor key and to a straightforward rhythm and singing at a relatively low pitch. The refrain, describes the need for optimism and self-esteem in order to be successful, and is reinforced by being set in a major key and to a syncopated rhythm and at a higher pitch.
She is a fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering and the Acoustical Society of America. She has received fellowships from the Whitaker Foundation, the Alfred P Sloan Foundation and the National Security Science and Engineering Faculty Fellows program, and the mentorship award from the Acoustical Society of America. She has held leadership positions in numerous professional organizations, including as Vice President of the Acoustical Society of America and Chair of the AUD NIH study section. She has also served as an Associate Editor for the Journal of the Association for Research in Otolaryngology and the Journal of Neurophysiology. She is a Lifetime National Associate of the National Research Council of the National Academy of Science. She also serves or has served on numerous advisory panels in academia and beyond.
