Key developments.
Tiny Tim played the ukulele left handed, though retained the standard string placement. The instruments he played included a vintage Martin, a Favilla and a Johnston metal resonator. A huge fan of Arthur Godfrey, Tim taught himself to play using a method book that came with the Godfrey-endorsed Maccaferri Islander plastic ukulele.
The Court changed its "bill of attainder test" in 1946. In "United States v. Lovett", 328 U.S. 303 (1946), the Court confronted a federal law which named three people as subversive and excluded them from federal employment. Previously, the Court had held that lack of judicial trial and the narrow way in which the law rationally achieved its goals were the only tests. But the "Lovett" Court said that a bill of attainder 1) Specifically identified the people to be punished; 2) Imposed punishment; and 3) Did so without benefit of judicial trial. All three new prongs of the bill of attainder test were met in "Lovett", and the court held that a congressional statute which bars particular individuals from government employment qualifies as punishment prohibited by the bill of attainder clause.
Honors were showered on Krylov even during his lifetime: the Russian Academy of Sciences admitted him as a member in 1811, and bestowed on him its gold medal in 1823; in 1838 a great festival was held under imperial sanction to celebrate the jubilee of his first publication, and the Tsar granted him a generous pension. By the time he died in 1844, 77,000 copies of his fables had been sold in Russia, and his unique brand of wisdom and humor gained popularity. His fables were often rooted in historic events, and are easily recognizable by their style of language and engaging story. Though he began as a translator and imitator of existing fables, Krylov soon showed himself an imaginative, prolific writer, who found abundant original material in his native land. In Russia his language is considered of high quality: his words and phrases are direct, simple and idiomatic, with color and cadence varying with the theme; many of them became actual idioms. His animal fables blend naturalistic characterization of the animal with an allegorical portrayal of basic human types; they span individual foibles as well as difficult interpersonal relations.
A modular view of sentence processing assumes that the stages involved in reading a sentence function independently in separate modules. These modulates have limited interaction with one another. For example, one influential theory of sentence processing, the garden-path theory, states that syntactic analysis takes place first. Under this theory as the reader is reading a sentence, he or she creates the simplest structure possible in order to minimize effort and cognitive load. This is done without any input from semantic analysis or context-dependent information. Hence, in the sentence "The evidence examined by the lawyer turned out to be unreliable," by the time the reader gets to the word "examined" he or she has committed to a reading of the sentence in which the evidence is examining something because it is the simplest parse. This commitment is made despite the fact that it results in an implausible situation; we know from experience that evidence can rarely if ever examine something. Under this "syntax first" theory, semantic information is processed at a later stage. It is only later that the reader will recognize that he or she needs to revise the initial parse into one in which "the evidence" is being examined. In this example, readers typically recognize their misparse by the time they reach "by the lawyer" and must go back and re-parse the sentence. This reanalysis is costly and contributes to slower reading times.
Early life.
Lawrie sculpted numerous bas reliefs for El Fureidis, an estate in Montecito, California designed by Goodhue. The bas reliefs depict the Arthurian Legends and remain intact at the estate today.
Military history of the Philippines

Sod's law is similar to, but broader than, Murphy's law ("Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong"). For example, concepts such as "bad fortune will be tailored to the individual" and "good fortune will occur in spite of the individual's actions" are sometimes given as examples of Sod's law in action. This would broaden Sod's law to a general sense of being "mocked by fate". In these aspects it is similar to some definitions of irony, particularly the irony of fate. Murphy's technological origin on John Stapp's Project MX981 is more upbeat—it was a reminder to the engineers and team members to be cautious and make sure everything was accounted for, to let no stone be left unturned—not an acceptance of an uncaring uninfluenceable fate.
Thinly plotted efforts like "Graduation Day" continued to get produced on cheap budgets. "Final Exam" was a hybrid of slasher films like "Halloween" and frat-boy comedies like "Animal House" (1978). Filmed in late 1979, "Final Exam" sat on the shelf for over a year, before finding limited release. The film marked a point where redundancy was becoming commonplace, as it copied "Halloween" in several ways, including a motiveless killer hiding under the window of the final girl and a synthesizer soundtrack by Gary S. Scott that was reminiscent of the theme from "Halloween". Similarly, the Thanksgiving-set "Home Sweet Home" relied on little-to-no plot, only featuring a PCP-fueled psychopath on a killing spree at a family dinner. The movie's most creative approach was its tagline, "This year, it's not turkey being carved for thanksgiving," although it failed to generate any interest theatrically and quickly fell into obscurity. Also released at the beginning of 1981 was backwoods slasher "Scream"—not to be confused with the Wes Craven 1996 film. Among other low-budget oddities of 1981 was "A Day of Judgement", which mixed the slasher genre with Christian morality, and Romano Scavolini's "video nasty" "Nightmare in a Damaged Brain". Even stranger was "Don't Go in the Woods... Alone!", a film that was enhanced to "so-bad-it's-good" territory due to its inept plot, cheap gore effects, and grating score, solidifying it as a cult classic.
Bristol Centaurus
1988 in music
The Phelps family was the subject of the 2007 TV program "The Most Hated Family in America", presented on the BBC by Louis Theroux. Four years after his original documentary, Theroux produced a follow-up program "America's Most Hated Family in Crisis", which was prompted by news of family members leaving the church. Phelps' son Nate has broken ranks with the family and in an interview with Peter W. Klein on the Canadian program "The Standard", he characterized his father as abusive and warned the Phelps family could turn violent. Writing in response to Phelps' death in 2014, Theroux described Phelps as "an angry bigot who thrived on conflict", and expressed the view that his death would not lead to any "huge changes" in the church, as he saw it as operating with the dynamics of a large family rather than a cult.


In 1993, Strummer began an affair with Lucinda Tait, which finally ended his relationship with Gaby Salter. Strummer and Tait married in 1995 and remained so until his death in 2002 from a heart arrhythmia. Strummer is commonly believed to have been Lily Allen's godfather. Although this is not true, Strummer and his family were close friends of the Allens and would regularly attend the Glastonbury Festival together. Lily Allen has recalled how Strummer had a paternal attitude towards her as an adolescent, accompanying her for two days when she went to meet some friends at the festival.
Dirichlet series generating functions.
New Indonesian President B. J. Habibie was prepared to consider a change of status for East Timor.
Beginnings as a poet.
Pan's People

Equal pay strike.

History.
"Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang" was first published in the UK in three hard-backed volumes by Jonathan Cape, each costing 10 shillings 6d. The first volume was launched on Thursday, 22 October 1964, the second on 26 November 1964 and the third on 14 January 1965. In July 1968, the three volumes were released in one single volume by Pan Books.
At least one modern writer has written a sequel about the further adventures of Oliver Twist.
The Navy was modernized in the 1880s, and by the 1890s had adopted the naval power strategy of Captain Alfred Thayer Mahan—as indeed did every major navy. The old sailing ships were replaced by modern steel battleships, bringing them in line with the navies of Britain and Germany. In 1907, most of the Navy's battleships, with several support vessels, dubbed the Great White Fleet, were featured in a 14-month circumnavigation of the world. Ordered by President Theodore Roosevelt, it was a mission designed to demonstrate the Navy's capability to extend to the global theater.
The Doctor played by Tom Baker (1974–81) is often regarded as the most popular of the Doctors. In polls conducted by "Doctor Who Magazine", Baker has lost the "Best Doctor" category only three times: once to Sylvester McCoy in 1990, and twice to David Tennant in 2006 and 2009. In a poll published by "BBC Homes and Antiques" magazine in January 2006, Baker was voted the fourth most eccentric star. He was beaten by Björk, Chris Eubank, and David Icke.
