Colding moved abroad in winter 2000 to play for relegation battlers VfL Bochum in the German Bundesliga, in a transfer deal worth 1.5 million DEM. He debuted in January 2001 and played the last 16 games of the 2000–01 Bundesliga season, as Bochum ended dead last in the league and were relegated to the German 2. Bundesliga. The club won promotion the following year, with Colding the deputy team captain, a position he kept through his Bochum career as he captained the Bochum side in several games. The club finished in a meriting fifth place in the 2003–04 Bundesliga season, and Colding received his final call-up to the Danish national team, when Morten Olsen included him in the team that lost 0–2 to Spain in March 2004. Bochum were relegated again following the 2004–05 season, and Colding ended his career in the club following eight games played during the 2005–06 2. Bundesliga season, which once more ended in promotion for Bochum to the top-flight Bundesliga.
Hughes married Marion Appleyard in 1957 and they had three daughters.
Both Albert Brooks and Michael Keaton turned down the role of Bilko, and Robin Williams and Billy Crystal expressed interest in it before the role finally went to Martin.
<doc id="5570972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5570972" title="Thectardis">
The AAFC organisation as a whole falls under the command of Headquarters AAFC (HQAAFC). HQAAFC has no physical location as it is made up of members from around the country. The only person to hold the rank of Group Captain (AAFC) [GPCAPT(AAFC)] is the Commander – Australian Air Force Cadets (CDR-AAFC). The CDR-AAFC reports to the Director General Cadets – Air Force, a member of the RAAF who holds the rank of Air Commodore, who reports to the RAAF chain of command.
Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada is an arena in Granada, Spain. Opened in 1991, the arena holds 9,000 people and it is primarily used for basketball and the home arena of CB Granada. The arena hosted the 1999 UEFA Futsal Championship and the Group A in EuroBasket 2007.
<doc id="5571489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5571489" title="Instability strip">
Orchestra Luna
Prior to 1894, the town council made use of the arms of the Oldham family. The arms were blazoned as:
Geography.
Systems:
"Surrender" is the debut studio album from English R&B singer Javine. The album, a mix of R&B, hip hop, and pop was released on 28 June 2004 after being delayed from November 2003. The album features four singles, "Real Things", "Surrender (Your Love)", "Best of My Love" and "Don't Walk Away".
On 17 February 1992, the London operation was sold to Kentish Bus. Two days later, Boro'line was placed into administration. On 29 May 1992, after set-backs with repossession of five front-line buses (including Leyland Lynxes) due to lease payments not being made, Boro'line ceased operations. 
Pitassa is an as-yet undiscovered frontier city in western Anatolia, mentioned in Bronze Age archives at Hattusa. Its name seems Luwian, and it occasionally formed the border between Hatti and various iterations of Arzawa.
The band launched their own record label, Grunt Records in August, 1971 and "Bark" was the first release. The band played several dates in August in support of the new release, but no tour was planned. Only one date at San Francisco was played after the album's release. The album climbed the Billboard charts, but the band had already moved on to other projects. They soon returned to the studio, but now working on separate albums for their Grunt Records label. Kantner and Slick worked on "Sunfighter", Papa John Creach worked on his eponymous debut album, and Kaukonen and Casady worked on their first Hot Tuna studio album, "Burgers". With the exception of a couple of dates in early 1972, the band did not play together again until the recording sessions for "Long John Silver".
<doc id="5573549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5573549" title="Vernon K. Smith">
The album is a concept album of tracks specially selected and mixed as two different "journeys", the first being the north journey, and the second being the south journey. The DJ duo's following mix albums are also concept albums.
<doc id="5573986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5573986" title="Pepsin A">
Research.
New Orleans Zen Temple
The original soundtrack entitled "Air Film Soundtrack" was first released on March 25, 2005 by Frontier Works. The soundtrack contained one disc with twenty-three tracks. The first twenty-two tracks are the background music played throughout the film composed by Japanese composer Yoshikazu Suo. The final track on the CD, "If Dreams Came True", is a song based on the song on the "Air Original Soundtrack" for the original visual novel; "If Dreams Came True" is sung by Japanese singer Eri Kawai.
A genus is called an elliptic genus if the power series "Q"("z") = "z"/"f"("z") satisfies the condition 
Social commentary.
Expectation States Theory argues that individuals make use of any information available to them to create performance expectations for other actors. Differences in power and prestige are associated with status characteristics (race, sex, age, etc.) providing perceived structural advantage over others with more limited access to resources. The theory has been used to describe the enactment of gender inequality.needed
Format.
Niccolò also added the delicate "Candlestick-holding Angel" on the left side of the altar slab, below the sarcophagus, while the one on the right side with its youthful strength is by Michelangelo. Michelangelo was paid thirty ducats by his patron Francesco Aldovrandi.
The word "fuck" has been used in a number of band names, generally based on common compounds. Although most of these bands are in the aggressive, non-mainstream genres of punk and metal, others fall into the categories of more accessible forms of electronic rock and pop.
Venegas began studies for a literary career, but gave them up to serve in the military. He rose in rank to lieutenant colonel, taking part in the fighting against the French Republic. He had retired from service at the time of the Napoleonic invasion of Spain, but returned then to active duty. He took part in the Battle of Bailén, and was named commander of a division in Andalucía. His services in the war with the French were valuable, and he demonstrated his intelligence, energy and courage. With the patronage of the minister Francisco Saavedra de Sangronis, he advanced rapidly.
Karljohansvern
<doc id="5576472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5576472" title="North American Datum">
Fluent in English and German, Göncz is married, the mother of two adult children, and the grandmother of two boys.

Andy Gray (actor)
Northeastern Neo-Aramaic
Mrs. Sprat, whose first name is Leigh, works as a nurse in the Knights of Malta Hospital special research wing and like the poem says, she is indeed fat. Mrs. Sprat is often regarded as a rather ugly and grumpy individual, which does her no good in a community filled with beautiful men and women. She is often nagging at Bigby Wolf for smoking inside the hospital. She was later seen complaining to Mayor Charming that he was behind in financing the hospital and was also invited to Snow and Bigby's wedding. Her husband was another of Ghost's victims. In "Fables" #100, Snow White scolds her for her nasty, spiteful attitude towards Sheriff Beast and Beauty while the latter is going into labor. Snow explains that, while one can get away with being mean if she is beautiful, one can also get away with being hideous if she's pleasant, and since Mrs. Sprat is both ugly and mean she will have to do something about her attitude before someone has had enough of her. On the verge of tears, Mrs. Sprat reveals that she hates all the beautiful Fables, and became a nurse for the chance to have any of them under her care and at her mercy. When the Fables depart for Haven, Mrs. Sprat stays behind, unbeknownst to everyone else. When Mister Dark shows up at the Farm looking for the other Fables, she offers to reveal their location for three things: to become beautiful, for all the other beautiful Fables to become ugly like her, and for a prince to love her with "true love". Mister Dark agrees to all three conditions, and the two depart together.
"Hawkesbury"
Patrick O'Flaherty is the author of two books of short stories, " Summer of the Greater Yellowlegs" (1987) and "A Small Place in the Sun" (1989), and two novels, "Benny's Island" (1994) and "Priest of God" (1989). In 1979 he published "The Rock Observed", a survey of writing about Newfoundland and Labrador. His travel guide "Come Near at your Peril" (first published 1992), a sardonic but affectionate look at tourism in Newfoundland, is now in its third edition. 
The Südwestfunk was member of the ARD and produced TV programs for ARD and in cooperation with "Süddeutscher Rundfunk" for "Südwest 3" (a so-called "drittes Programm" / 3rd TV-program), with Saarländischer Rundfunk as third partner for this regional television program. Südwestfunk also produced 4 radio programs,
Certain invariants of a quadratic form can be regarded as functions on Witt classes. We have seen that dimension mod 2 is a function on classes: the discriminant is also well-defined. The Hasse invariant of a quadratic form is again a well-defined function on Witt classes with values in the Brauer group of the field of definition.
Raheem DeVaughn (born May 5, 1975) is an American singer and songwriter. His debut album, "The Love Experience" (2005), reached No. 46 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart. It featured the singles "Guess Who Loves You More" and "You". His second album "Love Behind the Melody" was released in January 2008. It features the singles "Woman", and "Customer".
Dean Hawthorne,
The No Fear Challenge.

