Major Carmick served with distinction in the Mediterranean, and commanded the Marines in the Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812. When the war began, the U.S. naval presence in New Orleans was perhaps stronger than at any point in the country, certainly as to "gunboats," the shallow-draft coastal and riverine craft. Wounded December 28, 1814 by a Congreve rocket in one of the engagements which set the stage for the more famous Battle of New Orleans, Major Carmick died November 6, 1816. He is buried in St. Louis Cemetery Number 2 in New Orleans.
With the 2007 Nike sponsorship, the shorts' colour was switched to white.
<doc id="3112649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3112649" title="PL-3">
<doc id="3112830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3112830" title="Forest School (Walthamstow)">
Early 1996-Spring 1996:
Contemporary critics praised the song, hailing it as one of her best work. It was nominated for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or for Television at the 37th Grammy Awards and Best Original Song at the 52nd Golden Globe Awards. "I'll Remember" was also a commercial success, peaking at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and becoming her fourth number-one hit on the Adult Contemporary chart. It also topped the singles charts in Canada and Italy. The accompanying music video portrayed Madonna singing the song in a stylized recording studio. Her look and style was compared to the imagery of the music video of previous single "Rain". The androgynous portrayal of Madonna smoking in the last shot, was appreciated critically for breaking gender barriers.
The extension was part of the "Northern Heights" project which was intended to electrify a number of steam-operated London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) branch lines and to incorporate them into the Northern line. The powers to build the extension came from the purchase in 1922 of the unbuilt Watford and Edgware Railway which had planned an extension of the Edgware, Highgate and London Railway to Watford Junction via Bushey, but had never been able to raise the capital required for construction to start.
