The Smart Price label was originally a food only brand, however over the years it has expanded to cover almost every product range in the store, including clothing and furnishings with the George Smart Price brand. Like early generic products in the US some Smart Price products lack what can be thought of as 'frills' in the modern brand name or supermarket own brand, for example the Smart Price toothpaste has an old fashioned screw cap rather than the now more common flip cap and the Smart Price range of crisps come in traditional clear plastic bags rather than the foil bags common to most name brand versions.
Konatabad (, also Romanized as Konatābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 29 families. 
Zeynabad (, also Romanized as Zeynābād) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 
Tarradeh (, also Romanized as Ţarrādeh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 4 families. 


Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht club was founded in 1891 by Mark Foy in the birthplace of the famous Sydney Harbour sailing skiff classes. It was founded to allow people to enjoy skiff sailing regardless of financial background. The Sydney Flying Squadron, affectionately called The Squaddy by its members and locals, is Australia’s oldest open boat sailing club on the shores of Sydney Harbour.
Xaa-Trp aminopeptidase (, "aminopeptidase W", "aminopeptidase X-Trp") is an enzyme. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
• (2002) 'Trace the origin of plains residents LANGROUD', presentation to LANGROUD conference and published at GILAN's culture magazine, number: 13 &14, RASHT

Tibetans.
Strømsgodset.
Mikel Cee Karlsson
