Pole shift.
The Federal Republic.
Early depictions.
Men's 800 metres
Aldershot railway station
Born in Berkeley, California, Cometbus started writing fanzines in 1981 with Jesse Michaels (later of Operation Ivy and Common Rider) and started his own after Michaels moved to Pennsylvania in October 1981. Cometbus became an active participant in the Gilman Street Project and was a founding member of Crimpshrine, a highly influential East Bay punk rock band which also featured Jeff Ott. After the demise of Crimpshrine, Cometbus formed Pinhead Gunpowder with a handful of people from the East Bay punk scene, including Sarah Kirsch, Jason White and Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day. He also toured as a roadie with Green Day a few times and played drums for a few shows after the departure of John Kiffmeyer and before Tre Cool joined. He has played in a multitude of short-lived bands that generally release just a seven-inch or two before breaking up (see Band history).
Women's 100 m Butterfly
Most of the commands in modern drill are separated into two distinct parts; the Preparatory Command, and the Command of Execution. The preparatory command indicates to the person performing the movement that a command of execution is soon to follow - and which action to perform.. The command of execution indicates the movement to be performed. An example of this is the command "Present ARMS", which is utilized to command a group of soldiers to render a salute. In this command, the word "Present" is the preparatory command, whereas the following word, "ARMS" is the command of execution. The movement is performed immediately upon reception of the execution command.
Men's 400 metres

Fine Art.
Women's Individual Competition:
Boxing.
Men's Featherweight (– 67 kg)
The 4 mile (6.4 km) St. George Island Bridge (designated State Road 300 from end to end, plus approaches) was built in 2002 (completed in 2004) when the two original bridges (cut by an island in the middle) that led to St. George Island, a small resort town from Apalachicola, Florida were deemed unsafe due to their old age. The new bridge, by bypassing the middle island, became the 3rd longest bridge in Florida. The north end of SR 300 is at US 98 (SR 30) in Eastpoint. It was opened on February 27, 2004.
Men's Singles Competition
Sahara Hotel and Casino.
