in Eq. (1) are,
The settlement is close to Whipsnade and Studham, and Holywell forms part of the Studham civil parish. Holywell is also located close to the county border with Hertfordshire.
Athletic director.
Biography.
Ueno's compositional approach frequently involves extra-musical modeling, including using images, cultural phenomena, or architecture as the basis for structural decisions, somewhat analogous to the use of architectural proportions in Renaissance music. "Kaze-no-Oka", for example, reflects in part the structure of the Japanese architect Fumihiko Maki's like-named project. His "Talus" is, in a manner of speaking, a biography of a traumatic event in the life of its soloist, violist Wendy Richman, who shattered her ankle in a ten-foot fall. He is keenly interested in the process of exploring unique, in some sense irreproducible, sonic events linked to the performers for which his music is written.
The 1986 Sun Bowl featured the Alabama Crimson Tide of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and the Washington Huskies of the Pacific-10 Conference (Pac-10). In Ray Perkins's final game as Alabama head coach, the Crimson Tide defeated the Huskies 28–6. The game is noted as being the first bowl game to have corporate sponsorship with John Hancock Insurance entering in the first year of a three-year, $1.5 million partnership. 
Salvia meiliensis is an perennial plant that is native to Anhui province in China, found growing on roadsides at elevation. "S. meiliensis" grows on erect stems tall. Inflorescences are widely spaced 8 to many-flowered verticillasters in racemes or panicles, with a yellowish corolla that is .
There were 1,997 households out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07.
<doc id="28072010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28072010" title="Mark Demesmaeker">


In 1939 Maria Rudnitskaya graduated from Tavricheskaya Art School. In the same year she entered at the first cours of Department of Painting of the Leningrad Institute of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture, where she studied of Semion Abugov, Boris Fogel, Mikhail Bernshtein, and Igor Grabar.
St John's is a simple building in one storey. It is constructed in greenstone with some brick patching, and has slate roofs. Its plan consists of a nave with a south porch, and a narrower chancel. In the west wall is a blocked window. The north wall contains a blocked 12th-century round-arched doorway and a blocked rectangular window. In the east wall is a four-light window with trefoil heads, and there is a similar two-light window in the south wall of the chancel. The south wall of the nave is supported by a brick buttress, to the left of which is a two-light window dating from the 14th century. The porch is gabled and has a 14th-century ogee-arched doorway. Internally, the furniture includes a 14th-century font in Decorated style with carved tracery on its sides, an 18th-century pulpit which is in a collapsed condition, and what remains of a 19th-century screen.
<doc id="28074091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28074091" title="Coilopoceras">

According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with accepted names are included within the genus "Eucithara" 
Shipley and Great Woods is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of south-west County Durham, England. It occupies a steep ravine in the valley of the River Tees, just north of the village of Cotherstone. The woodland growing on the valley slopes, cliffs and screes is one of the most important woodland sites in North-east England, being home to several local plant species and the richest assemblage of woodland lichens in the region.
Gert van den Bergh

The party has faced some difficulty in Francophone New Brunswick, due to perceptions about the party's stance on language issues. These perceptions were nurtured in part by the party's position on language skill requirements in the civil service. They were also partly the result, in October 2013, of two members publicly leaving the party, accusing it of showing a "lack of respect" towards the province's Acadian community. The party has argued that Francophone concerns about its policies are unfounded.
I Write Like is a website created by Russian software programmer Dmitry Chestnykh, founder of software company Coding Robots. The site analyzes users' writing samples and, by looking for certain keywords, vocabulary, and style via a naive Bayes classifier and returns the name of a popular writer the sample most closely resembles. It was launched on July 9, 2010 and, according to reports, has gone viral, getting over 100,000 visitors on July 13, 2010 and spreading quickly across other blogs and popular social-networking websites such as Facebook and Twitter.
Issue.
The laboratory tests fibre, yarn and fabric. Thes laboratory has conventional and modern testing machines including Evenness Testing, Classimat, Single Yarn Strength Tester, Multifunctional Superba Tester, HFT and Electronic Microscope.so


Poker.
The city is on the west bank of the Hudson River. Neighboring towns include Hurley, Saugerties, Rhinebeck, and Red Hook.
Ownership.

