Countries with large shipbuilding industries include Singapore, South Korea, Australia, Japan, China, Germany, Turkey, Poland and Croatia. The shipbuilding industry tends to be more fragmented in Europe than in Asia. In European countries there are a greater number of small companies, compared to the fewer, larger companies in the shipbuilding countries of Asia.
It has also been suggested that doulas or doula-like practitioners may have a role in caring for critically ill adults in geriatric care.

Lower Road,
The White Stockings won the first league title, but fell off the pace the following two seasons. During this time, Anson was a solid hitter, but not quite a superstar. Both his fortunes and those of his team would change after Anson was named captain-manager of the club in 1879. His new role led to the nickname "Cap", though newspapers typically called him by the more formal "Captain Anson" or "Capt. Anson". With Anson pacing the way, the White Stockings won five pennants between and . They were helped to the titles using new managerial tactics, including the use of a third-base coach, having one fielder back up another, signaling batters, and the rotation of two star pitchers. In the first half of the 1880s, aided by speedy players like Mike Kelly, Anson had his players aggressively run the bases, forcing the opposition into making errors. After the expression first became popular in the 1890s, he retroactively claimed to use some of the first "hit and run" plays. Edward Achorn wrote of his influence in this period:
Early life.
Catteshall is the directly attached neighbourhood and commercial estate in the east of Godalming civil parish, formerly a hamlet between the town of Godalming and the villages of Unstead and Thorncombe Street . Catteshall Manor is at the top of the hill and the former Ram Cider House is at the bottom. The cider house is named after a ram pump which pumps water from a natural spring up the hill. The hamlet's name is thought to come from "Gattes Hill" to derive from "a gate to the hill". Two buildings are listed: "Ram Cider House" and "Catteshall Grange" as the manor house is on the higher land which is now in Busbridge Civil Parish.
Chamber works.
Long optical cavities are very sensitive to the mirror alignment. A control circuit can be used to peak power. One possibility is to perform small rotations with one end mirror. If this rotation is about the optimum position, no power oscillation occurs. Any beam pointing oscillation can be removed using the beam steering mechanism mentioned above.
<doc id="214155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=214155" title="Stenka Razin">
In 2012 a tramway was inaugurated in Downtown Oranjestad.
His Mantuan masterpiece was painted in the apartment of the Castle of the city, today known as Camera degli Sposi (literally, "Wedding Chamber"): a series of full compositions in fresco including various portraits of the Gonzaga family and some figures of genii.
By 1958, Nordstrom had expanded to eight stores in two states but still only sold shoes. Their expansion was based on customer service, deep product offerings and full size ranges. Apparel came with its purchase of Best Apparel of Seattle in 1963. The company's name was changed to Nordstrom Best in 1969.
Variance in levels.
The first depiction of this constellation in a celestial atlas was in German cartographer Johann Bayer's "Uranometria" of 1603. De Houtman included it in his southern star catalogue the same year under the Dutch name "De Pauww", "The Peacock".
Preservation and repair of the fabric of the medieval cathedral has been a continuous process at St. Stephen's Cathedral since its original construction in 1147.
Largest municipalities.
many muddy streets
Early lytic gene products have many more functions, such as replication, metabolism, and blockade of antigen processing. Early lytic gene products include BNLF2. 
Archaeological.
Objects.
Then the nth hyperharmonic number of order "r" ("r>0") is defined recursively as
On December 2, 1991 it entered the UK Album Charts, peaking at number 29. It stayed on the chart for two weeks.
