It was working as a singer and drummer with Noriko Awaya's backing orchestra on the dance hall circuit that Mine began to win fame. He was later approached by Teichiku Records with a record contract, resulting in the beginning of his recorded singing career and the founding of his own band. Together they would come to be known as , though they also would perform as the Teichiku Jazz Orchestra. Among the band's personnel was the California-born Nisei, Betty Inada.
The commission is the main facilitator of OISTAT Scenofest and International Stage Design Students' Works Exchange (ISDSWE) in Beijing, China.
United (Woody Shaw album)
<doc id="40331164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40331164" title="Jan Camiel Willems">
Negotiations will cover the four pillars of promotion, protection, facilitation and liberalization.

Don Owen (news anchor)
He begins his artistic career soon enough. In 1929, at the young age of nineteen he holds his first individual art exhibition, at the Clube Naval of Setubal. From then on, he keeps regular contact with his audience. During his career, his work is shown, in Portugal and abroad, both in individual and collective exhibitions. In 1951/1952, he becomes vice president of the Board of the National Society of Fine Arts, and in 1974 he joins the Parallel Group, together with António Carmo, João Hogan, Querubim Lapa, Gil Teixeira Lopes amongst others.
Regular season.
<doc id="40333641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40333641" title="Aghbolagh, Ardabil">

Chalambar (; also known as Chalanbar) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 25 families. 
One of the largest and most popular annual events in Zürich is the Street Parade, which is also one of the largest techno and dance music festivals in the world. Proceeding along the side of Lake Zürich, it normally occurs on the second Saturday in August. The first edition was held in 1992 with about 1,000 participants. By 2001 the event had reached the size of 1 million participants. The Zürifäscht, on the other hand, is a triennial public festival. It features music, fireworks set to music, and other attractions throughout the old town. It is the largest public festival in Switzerland and is attended by up to 2 million visitors.
