Go Khaw Thang. A powerful prince from Mualpi, also known as Goukhothang or even Go Khua Thang. He is the only Zomi prince whom the neighbouring Meitei (Manipur) Kingdom ever acknowledged as Raja (or Ningthou in Metei language). His powerful dominion spread over more than 70 cities, towns, and villages.
This table is available in csv format here (updated daily).
ZCubes can also be considered to be a web-based development platform that integrates large sets of functions. The platform can also be a container for widgets, RSS feeds and other websites – an ability that make it behave as an online operating system like G.ho.st. The application has two operating modes, in the interactive browsing-editing mode the application provides full-features to the users. The output of the editing process (termed as an experience) behaves as a stand-alone page, which can then be sent to the servers for editing.
On the site where CRC now stands, the Lake Norconian Resort opened in 1929 as "the opulent playground of some of Hollywood's biggest names." The Norconian hotel closed in 1940, then served as a Navy hospital between 1941 and 1957. "The old Norconian and several of the newer outlying buildings were turned over to the state" to create CRC, and the first inmates arrived in January 1963; however, in 2002 "CRC vacated the building after learning it had to be seismically retrofitted." Efforts are underway to preserve the hotel.

The evidence of Kibi's importance in the fourth and fifth centuries is proven by the hundreds of kofun (tumuli) found in the area. A hereditary and aristocratic social structure followed more the Korean and Japanese sophisticated form of society, than the Chinese ways. Even after Kibi was subjugated, the descendants of Kibi's chieftains remained very influential.
From September 1 2006 Van Kempen is a professor by special nomination in Dutch West-Indian literature at the University of Amsterdam.
"NewMusicBox"'s 10th anniversary in May 2009 has been noted by Alex Ross, Drew McManus, and others.
