Da Venafro was born in 1459 in Venafro, Molise. He moved to Siena and attended the university there graduating in jurisprudence. In 1488 Venafro was elected professor of law at the University of Siena. In November 1493 Antonio was elected Appellate Judge. As such he was arrested by the avant-garde of Charles VIII and forced to follow them in their march to Rome. He was freed a few days later only by a direct order of the King himself. A trusted adviser and private secretary of the Lord of Siena, Pandolfo Petrucci, he was named by the latter counsellor and prime minister. In the month of October 1502 Venafro represented Pandolfo Petrucci at the Diet of La Magione; and later he went to Imola with Paolo Orsini, where a peace agreement was signed between Cesare Borgia and the conspirators of La Magione represented by Paolo Orsini.
The care home in which the two deceased girls had been housed criticised the decision, and deemed the broadcast "likely to cause further distress."
<doc id="24589223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24589223" title="Western Saharan literature in Spanish">
Fish largely rejected the Abstract Expressionism endorsed by her Yale instructors, feeling "totally disconnected" from it and desiring instead the "physical presence of objects"; but some of its very general principles, such as the boldness and smooth, flowing brushstrokes, may have influenced her figurative work. Her work, although Realist, may include abstract forms.
Humanitarian Crisis Relief programs are designed to aid refugees and extremely impoverished villagers by providing essential food, medicines and other relief supplies. RADION also provides immediate response and relief when disasters and crises affect these needy communities.
Five references in Eusebius' "Historia Ecclesiastica" speak to Philip's Christianity; three directly, two by implication. At 6.34, he describes Philip visiting a church on Easter Eve and being denied entry by the presiding bishop because he had not yet confessed his sins. The bishop goes unnamed. At 6.36.3, he writes of letters from the Christian theologian Origen to Philip and to Philip's wife, Marcia Otacilia Severa. At 6.39, Eusebius writes that Decius persecuted Christians because he hated Philip. The remaining two references are quotations or paraphrases of Dionysius, bishop of Alexandria, a contemporary of Philip (he held the patriarchate from 247 to 265). At 6.41.9, Dionysius contrasts the tolerant Philip's rule with the intolerant Decius'. At 7.10.3, Dionysius implies that Alexander Severus (emperor from 222 to 235) and Philip were both openly Christian.
On November 29, 2009, McLaren scored his first NHL goal against Roberto Luongo of the Vancouver Canucks. On June 30, 2011, McLaren signed a one-year contract extension with the San Jose Sharks.


familiar from quantum mechanics but interpreted in this context as coordinates of a quantum space or spacetime. These relations were proposed by Roger Penrose in his earliest spin network theory of space. It is a toy model of quantum gravity in 3 spacetime dimensions (not the physical 4) with a Euclidean (not the physical Minkowskian) signature. It was again proposed in this context by Gerardus 't Hooft. A further development including a quantum differential calculus and an action of a certain `quantum double' quantum group as deformed Euclidean group of motions was given by Majid and E. Batista
Bergenia ligulata (Paashaanbhed, Prashanbheda, and other spellings in Ayurveda traditional Indian medicine) is a plant belonging to family Saxifragaceae and the genus "Bergenia".
Chicago Red Stars (NWSL).
Manuel Köhler
Sankaranarayana Iyen
In 1878, he married the painter Marie Petit, who henceforth signed Marie Adrien Lavieille.
The earliest systematic naming scheme used by the Royal Aircraft Factory categorised by layout, e.g. B.E.2, with B for Bleriot type or tractor aircraft plus E for experimental. A few types, like the B.S.1 were briefly named under a layout plus role scheme (S for scout), but by the end of 1913 the B.S.1 had become the S.E.2 (Scout Experimental), the layout letter dropped. The initial sketches for what became known as the R.E.1 (Reconnaissance Experimental) were labelled B.S.2. In this context reconnaissance meant two-seaters, as opposed to the single-seat scouts.
Life.

The preferential method of irrigation can be found in spate irrigation systems. It is likely that the irrigators near the headworks, or their ancestors, did contribute more to the construction and maintenance of the works than the others, and therefore acquired the preferential rights.
Facilities.
<doc id="24597239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24597239" title="Amolita perstriata">
Lieutenant François Eugene Marie Antoine de Boigne was a pilot during World War I, who became a flying ace during the war. He was credited with six aerial victories between May 3, 1917 through October 9, 1918 as part of No. 82 Escadrille (N82) and No. 69 Escadrille (Spa69).
The format of the second series of "Got to Dance" was slightly different to the first series. There were eight audition shows followed by four live semi-finals, and a live final at Olympia, London on 27 February 2011 in front of an audience of 6,000 people. The dance dome auditions for the series were held in Glasgow, Dublin & London.

Just before Gifhorn the Ise feeds the castle moat in Gifhorn as well as the Mühlensee lake, on which the Gifhorn Mill Museum stands. In Gifhorn's town centre the Ise meets the Aller, shortly after the point where it is dammed to power a mill. In older lexica, Gifhorn is characterised as an old 'marsh castle' ("Sumpfburg") on the two rivers.
The signalman's failure to notice that the goods train had been banked was the primary cause of the disaster. But also at fault was the driver of the banking engine who stood for 17 minutes before obeying Rule 55 and sending his fireman back to the signalbox, by which time it was too late to avert the accident. The continued use of gas-lighting also contributed to the severity of the accident and a circular was sent to all railway companies stressing the importance of replacing gas with electric lighting.
History.

In addition to writing his own books, Hotema provided many introductions to the systematic reprintings of rare, out-of-print, esoteric books published by Health Research of Mokelumne Hill, California during the 1950s and 1960s.
In the summer of 1955 "I Want You to Be My Baby" was remade as the debut disc by comedy musical act Lillian Briggs resulting in an expedient cover version by veteran vocalist Georgia Gibbs: producers Hugo & Luigi had Gibbs fly in from her Massachusetts home to New York City on Wednesday 3 August 1955 to cut "I Want You to Be My Baby" that same afternoon; New York City disc jockeys were provided with acetates of the Gibbs' version by the following morning with regular jockey copies being shipped out Friday 5 August 1955. Neither version of the song would reach the Top Ten: Gibbs' version had the higher chart peak at #14 but it was the rough voiced Briggs - whose version peaked at #18 - who had the million seller.
<doc id="24601791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24601791" title="University of Arkansas Campus Historic District">
