The living room is done in a vaguely Adamesque style. The room side of the portal echoes in wood the design done in plaster on the hallway side. Plaster paneled sgraffito walls rise to a restrained cornice and coffered ceiling. The drawing room is finished in an extravagant rococo mode with extensive pargeting. 

<doc id="27409480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27409480" title="Lectionary 254">
The Bogle Wander is the shortest of the four events where participants walk approximately 12 miles of the North Bogle Loop. As the Bogle Wander is the shortest route, it is also the least popular but is still not an easy challenge.
Content storage management (CSM) is a technique for the evolution of traditional media archive technology used by media companies and content owners to store and protect valuable file-based media assets. CSM solutions focus on active management of content and media assets regardless of format, type and source, interfaces between proprietary content source/destination devices and any format and type of commodity IT centric storage technology. These digital media files (or assets) most often contain video but in rarer cases may be still pictures or sound. A CSM system may be directed manually but is more often directed by upper level systems, which may include media asset management (MAM), automation, or traffic.
During World War I, the brigade commanded the following units:
In December 2009, Primelocation.com launched a property blog awards to recognise the talent of property bloggers.
On February 17, 2010, John Nolan released a music video for the song "Til Its Done To Death".
Season 6 (2012).
Out of 644 men engaged from the 15th Alabama at the Battle of Gettysburg, the regiment lost 72 men killed, 190 wounded, and 81 missing.
In 1949, the organization was renamed as the Guangzhou Municipal Zhongshan Library.
<doc id="27413934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=27413934" title="Rotrou III, Count of Perche">
She also went to the 2001 Summer Universiade in Beijing, playing three matches, scoring one goal and winning a silver medal.
Red crowberry is a common name for several species of plants in the genus "Empetrum" bearing red berries, and may refer to:
Ruled is the fifth full-length LP by The Giraffes. Drums, bass and principal guitar tracks recorded at The Bunker in Brooklyn, NY. Vocals and additional guitars recorded at Strangeweather in Brooklyn, NY. Mixed at Studio G in Brooklyn, NY by Joel Hamilton. Mastered by Julian Silva at On Air Mastering. Produced by The Giraffes and Joel Hamilton.
All Creatures Will Make Merry
Willie Kilmarnock (1922 – 2009) was a Scottish football player who most notably captained Motherwell's 1952 Scottish Cup winning team. He also played for Airdrie and Irvine Meadow XI.
In September 1944 "SS Standartenführer" Josef Fitzthum (a fellow Austrian) directly appointed a three man "control committee" for Tirana including two obscure Albanians and General Gustav von Myrdacz. The following month the German evacuated Tirana. It is believed the Communist partisans of Enver Hoxha captured him and executed the elderly General in 1945, probably in January.
