Callahan was born in 1904 in Tuscaloosa. His name, Artemas Killian, was in honor of a doctor, Artemas Daniel Killian, that revived him when he died as an infant. He attended law school at the University of Alabama in 1926 and would go into practice in that same year. He would also serve as a license inspector and as assistant solicitor for Tuscaloosa County.
Mucus may also refer to:
Oricon Weekly Chart.
The men's elite race featured a particularly strong field, including marathon world-record holder Wilson Kipsang, reigning Olympic and world marathon champion Stephen Kiprotich, 2013 London Marathon champion Tsegaye Kebede, and London course-record holder Emmanuel Mutai. Other notable competitors included Geoffrey Mutai, who unofficially ran the fastest marathon ever; Ayele Abshero, who has the fastest marathon debut; Xiamen and Dublin marathon champion Feyisa Lelisa; Paris Marathon champion Stanley Biwott; two-time New York Marathon champion Marilson dos Santos, and 2011 world 10,000 metres champion Ibrahim Jeilan. British Olympic 10,000 metres Gold medallist Mo Farah, who ran half the marathon in 2013, drew significant interest in his home country and internationally. It was the first-ever marathon for Farah, often hailed as one of the greatest distance track runners in history.
International trains stop at:

Chris Pullan (born 11 December 1967) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Watford, Halifax Town and Maidstone United.
Senator Barbara Mikulski (D-MD) urged fellow senators to vote for the bill "because it is a technical situation. This isn’t the usual delay, drama, fiscal-cliff situation." 
Bored Shorts TV
Julia Pearl Hughes
The relations between the two countries are mainly in the economic relations. In 2011, both countries has announced an US$2 billion joint investment fund and the signing of cooperation agreements in the fields of tourism and higher education. Many Malaysians companies also had secured a total of 25 projects in Qatar. While in 2013, the Qatar Airways plans to expand its services into Malaysia by working with the Malaysia Airlines. Qatar also has expressed its interest on the local aviation industry in one of the Malaysian state, Sarawak along with the investments in energy, industry and halal production.
