Courtmacsherry () often referred to by locals as Courtmac, is a picturesque seaside village in County Cork, Ireland, on the southwest coast. It is about 30 miles southwest of Cork, and 15-20 minutes drive east from the town of Clonakilty. The village consists of a single long street on the south shore of Courtmacsherry Bay, with thick woods on rising ground behind. The woods (planted by the Earl of Shannon in the late 18th century) continue beyond the village eastwards to the open sea, ending abruptly at Wood Point. Between the village and "The Point" the trees run right to the water's edge and there are several natural bathing coves along the way.
Killala () is a village in County Mayo in Ireland, north of Ballina. The railway line from Dublin to Ballina once extended to Killala. To the west of Killala is a Townsplots West (known locally as Enagh Beg), which contains numerous ancient forts.
This first bridge was made of wood, and was burned in 1510 by Gearóid Mór FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare.
<doc id="1019698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1019698" title="Marla Gibbs">
Biodiversity Information System.
The rotational axis of the Moon lies within Shackleton, only a few kilometers from its center. The crater is 21 km in diameter and 4.2 km deep. From the Earth, it is viewed edge-on in a region of rough, cratered terrain. It is located within the South Pole-Aitken basin on a massif. The rim is slightly raised about the surrounding surface and it has an outer rampart that has been only lightly impacted. No significant craters intersect the rim, and it is sloped about 1.5° toward the direction 50–90° from the Earth. The age of the crater is about 3.6 billion years and it has been in the proximity of the south lunar pole for at least the last two billion years.
Artivism developed in recent years while the antiwar and anti-globalization protests emerged and proliferated. In most of the cases artivists attempt to push political agendas by the means of art, but the focus on raising social, environmental and technical awareness, has increased exponentially as people has started to lose faith in politics and the current socioeconomic system. Besides using traditional mediums like film and music to raise awareness or push for change, an artivist can also be involved in culture jamming, subvertising, street art, spoken word, protesting and activism.
In 2001, Roy and Hayley decided they wanted to foster a child. Their first child is teenager Fiz Brown (Jennie McAlpine), who is returned to care after she falsely claims that Roy hit her. Fiz returns to the Street later in the year and becomes close friends with Roy and Hayley. Hayley and Roy then foster a young boy, Wayne Hayes (Gary Damer), but later go on the run with him in order to protect him from his abusive stepfather. They are arrested for kidnapping Wayne and Hayley is held on remand as she objects to her bail conditions but is released when Wayne's mother finally makes a statement about her marriage. This has since prevented Roy and Hayley fostering, or working with, any young people. In 2003, while Hayley is away, nursing her sick aunt, scheming Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) bets Bev Unwin (Susie Blake) that she can bed the man supposedly least likely to be unfaithful — Roy. Despite the extremely unlikely pairing, Tracy drugs Roy by slipping Rohypnol into his drink at Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) and Shelley Unwin's (Sally Lindsay) wedding reception, takes him home and claims to have slept with him. Roy is desperate to keep the news from Hayley but breaks down and admits everything. Upon confronting Tracy, the Croppers are stunned when (attempting to extort money), Tracy says that she is pregnant with Roy's baby and plans to have a termination if the Croppers don't want to adopt it. Roy and Hayley see an opportunity to raise a child and pay Tracy £25,000 for the baby.
On June 23, 2009, The Lemonheads released "Varshons" - a collection of eleven covers, including tracks by Gram Parsons, Wire, GG Allin, Christina Aguilera, as well as actress Liv Tyler and model Kate Moss. For many of the tours since 2010, The Lemonheads have included the entire "It's a Shame About Ray" album on the setlist.
Salem Poor
Judicial career, retirement, and longevity.
Descendents continued performing for a time during 1982 and 1983, initially with Ray Cooper on vocals, then occasionally with Aukerman on his return visits to Los Angeles, after Cooper moved to rhythm guitar. The band then went on hiatus until 1985, when Aukerman returned for the recording of "I Don't Want to Grow Up".
