The following awards were given for the tournament:
One of the larger cockroaches, "Drymaplaneta semivitta" is about 20-45mm long and 12-15mm wide. It is coloured a glossy dark brown, with distinctive white stripes along each side of its head. "D. semivitta", unlike many cockroaches, has no vestigial wings.
German
Headquartered in Tianjin, the company is mainly engaged in the research and development, production, maintenance and sales of helicopters and other aircraft and aviation components.

Meanwhile, Wilhelmina (Vanessa Williams) works on a new cover shoot that sees her reconstructing old New York, but Marc (Michael Urie) warns her that Daniel is not happy with the costs. Wilhelmina tells Marc she doesn't care and when she sees Betty dressed nicely, she gives her a compliment. Shortly afterwards, Wilhelmina falls to the floor. At the Editors meeting, Daniel (Eric Mabius) tells everyone that Wilhelmina is suffering from a Perforated ulcer. Wilhelmina tries to join in the meeting via satellite TV, but when she and Daniel fight about the status of the cover shoot her TV is shut off. When Amanda (Becki Newton) and Marc drop off some things for Wilhelmina at the hospital, Wilhelmina tells them she is going ahead with the shoot without telling Daniel. Daniel later visits Wilhelmina and tells her that she isn't doing the cover shoot and she agrees. Wilhelmina's roommate warns her that she will turn out like her, old and alone. Wilhelmina then realises that she has been wasting her time trying to gain control of MODE and decides she wants the whole Meade empire. 
Union and New Haven Trust Building
Dard (1981 film)
In 1871, Sir James Rankin, a wealthy member of the club, offered to pay for a "Public Library and Museum in connection with the Woolhope Naturalists' Field Club". This building, with natural history carvings and gargoyles on its frontage and a purpose-built meeting room for the club, was duly erected in Hereford in 1873. It remains the city's public library and the club's headquarters.
