<doc id="33176093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33176093" title="Farm to Market Road 1088">
Team Sweden.

Tetracationic water-soluble porphyrin (H2P4+) could be immobilized by π-π stacking interactions onto the skeleton of SWNHs. The efficient fluorescence quenching of the H2P4+ moiety in the SWNH-H2P4+ nanoensemble was probed by steady-state as well as time-resolved fluorescence spectroscopy, suggesting charge separation from the photoexcited H2P4+ to SWNH.
"Only Wanna Give It to You" is a song by American singer-songwriter and R&B recording artist Elle Varner, released on August 16, 2011 as a digital download. It serves as her debut single and the lead single from her debut studio album, "Perfectly Imperfect" (2012). The song features American rapper J. Cole and was produced by Oak & Pop. The Elle Varner song was released and her only single with J Records prior to RCA Records before closing down the label.
Notable alumni and professors.
British Railways was modernising freight distribution, with the former bespoke creation of manually loaded wagons being replaced by larger, bogied bulk-freight wagons that were automatically loaded. This resulted in a need for both larger yards to handle the larger wagons, and fewer yards as high speed freight traffic ran between them to reduce speed of delivery for the customer. BSC was becoming BR's most important customer, with coal quickly traffic falling.
Scanning electrochemical microscopy (SECM) is a technique within the broader class of scanning probe microscopy (SPM) that is used to measure the local electrochemical behavior of liquid/solid, liquid/gas and liquid/liquid interfaces. Initial characterization of the technique was credited to University of Texas electrochemist, Allen J. Bard, in 1989. Since then, the theoretical underpinnings have matured to allow widespread use of the technique in chemistry, biology and materials science. Spatially resolved electrochemical signals can be acquired by measuring the current at an ultramicroelectrode (UME) tip as a function of precise tip position over a substrate region of interest. Interpretation of the SECM signal is based on the concept of diffusion-limited current. Two-dimensional raster scan information can be compiled to generate images of surface reactivity and chemical kinetics.
Alf Felton had his third World Title match when he challenged Jim Paddon. Felton had persuaded a group of Brisbane promoters to stage a world championship match as part of the Brisbane Centennial celebrations. The match was unusual in that it was held on the Brisbane River – the first such match on the river. The date was 12 August 1924 and the course was slightly shorter than normal at about three miles. Felton further caused controversy when he refused to row with Bill Beach as umpire. Paddon as Champion had the right to nominate most of the terms, but in order to secure the match agreed to Felton’s demands and another umpire was found. A very large crowd was on hand to witness the race but it was not much of a race. Felton had the reputation of a fast sprinter but he showed none of his old form when Paddon took the lead after only one hundred yards and the result was never in doubt. Paddon easily defeated Felton in a time of 17m.55s.
<doc id="33181094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33181094" title="CSS Huntsville">
Ebrié language

Most Korean Cubans today speak the Spanish language. A Cuba-Korea culture center was built in 1921 that taught Korean writing and history in an attempt to remind the descendants of their heritage. But lack of funding shuttered the center and now it’s hard to find a descendant of the Korean immigrants who can speak the Korean language.
<doc id="33183303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33183303" title="Derick Ogbu">
The building.
In an interview during Secretary Week in March 2011, she revealed that she was working on a fully English album, with six of 10 tracks having been recorded as early as late January of the same year.
