
The first television series was aired by KBS in 1962. Their commercial competitor, TBC had a more aggressive program policy and aired controversial dramas, as well. The first historical TV series (sageuk) aired was "Gukto manri" (국토만리), directed by Kim Jae-hyeong (김재형), depicting the Goryeo era. In the '60s, television sets were of limited availability, thus dramas could not reach a larger audience.
The TGV Atlantique's world record was beaten on the 3 April 2007, by a TGV POS set on the LGV Est, which reached a top speed of .

On the ethical sides, the religion of Babylonia more particularly, and to a less extent that of Assyria, advances to noticeable conceptions of the qualities associated with the Gods and Goddesses and of the duties imposed on man. Shamash, the Sun-God, was invested with justice as his chief trait, Marduk is portrayed as full of mercy and kindness, and Ea is in general the protector of mankind, a father who takes them under his protection. The Gods, to be sure, are easily aroused to anger, and in some of them the dire aspects predominated, but the view becomes more and more pronounced that there is some cause always for the divine wrath. Though, in accounting for the anger of the Gods, no sharp distinction is made between moral offences and a ritualistic oversight or neglect, yet the stress laid in the hymns and prayers, as well as in the elaborate atonement ritual prescribed in order to appease the anger of the Gods, on the need of being clean and pure in the sight of the higher powers, the inculcation of a proper aspect of humility, and above all the need of confessing one's guilt and sins without any reserve — all this bears testimony to the strength which the ethical factor acquired in the domain of the Religion.
Estonia v Lithuania was not played, since neither team could qualify with a win.
Some of these types are:
Bockenheim is bordered by the Goethe University, the Senckenberg museum and the Frankfurt Trade Fair in the south.
"Kingdom Melodies".
Academics.
QMJHL career.
