The Desert Patrol Vehicle (DPV), formerly called the Fast Attack Vehicle (FAV), is a high-speed, lightly armored sandrail-like vehicle first used in combat during the Gulf War in 1991. Due to their dash speed and off-road mobility, the DPVs were used extensively during Operation Desert Storm. The first U.S. forces to enter Kuwait City were United States Navy SEALs in DPVs.
Playing career.
International career.
The U1 prototype was a rebuild of the unique 3-cylinder SR K1 ("River") class 2-6-4 tank locomotive, becoming operational in June 1928. The design was part of a drive to create a standard fleet of locomotives using parts interchangeable with other Maunsell-designed classes. The three smaller cylinders increased their route availability over the 2-cylinder U class. The K1 rebuild featured a variant of the Gresley conjugated valve gear, previously trialled on the SR N1 class prototype, designed by one of Maunsell’s assistants, ex-GWR engineer Harold Holcroft. 

Personal life.
Oskar Fried recorded the work in 1925 with the Berlin Philharmonic. Strauss himself conducted the Munich Radio Symphony Orchestra in the work's next recording, in 1936. His more ambitious 1941 recording, with the Bavarian State Orchestra, utilized the full orchestral forces called for by the score (see below) and was later issued on LP and CD. Due to the wide dynamic range of the music, the symphony became very popular for high fidelity and stereophonic recordings, beginning with Karl Böhm's 1957 recording. The first test pressing of a compact disc was of "An Alpine Symphony."
An individual from a low-context culture needs to adapt and/or be accommodated when shifting to a higher-context culture. Higher-context cultures expect small, close-knit groups, and reliance on that group. Groups can actually be relied upon to support each other, and it may be difficult to get support outside of your group. Professional and personal lives often intertwine. A lower context individual may be more likely to try to work things out on their own and feel there is a lack of self-service support or information, rather than ask questions and take time to develop the relationships needed to accomplish the things that need to be done.
While continuing as a key member of The Slits, Albertine contributed guitar and vocal work to The 49 Americans 1980 album "E Pluribus Unum". She also became part of Adrian Sherwood's dub-influenced collective New Age Steppers and played on their self-titled 1981 debut album. She also appeared as a guest guitarist on the Flying Lizards' debut album, as well as Singers & Players' 1982 album "Revenge of the Underdog".
As a member of The Miami Horns he has toured and/or recorded with, among others Diana Ross, Gary U.S. Bonds, Joe Cocker, Darlene Love, Robert Cray and Bon Jovi. As an individual he has sessioned with David Bowie, They Might Be Giants, Buster Poindexter and Blackmore's Night.
Clovis Transit
Senior signed for the Rhinos on the final day of the 1999 Super League regular season. He made his debut for the club on the same day, against the London Broncos. After a quiet start to his Rhinos career, Senior burst into life in 2000 finishing the season as joint top try scorer with 18, including four in a single match against the then Halifax Blue Sox.

In January 1958, BGen Greene reported to HQMC as Assistant Chief of Staff, G-3. While serving in this capacity, he was promoted to major general in August 1958. Following this assignment, he served from March through December 1959 as Deputy Chief of Staff (Plans) - an assignment for which he earned his first Navy Distinguished Service Medal. On January 1, 1960, he was designated as Chief of Staff, with the rank of lieutenant general.
Procedures.
List of mayors of Birmingham, Alabama
As well as her work in public service, Lorna had another great passion and talent, painting. She won her first art award at the age of 11 at the TTC Hobby Shows competition with drawings of popular cartoon characters. It was a start of a lifelong commitment to art. Her recent work in watercolours was sparked by a desire to preserve Vaughan's heritage by depicting local scenes from life in the 1800s. Several of these watercolours were reproduced in a special edition calendar published in 1999.
