One consequence of this relation is that small liquid droplets (i.e., particles with a high surface curvature) exhibit a higher effective vapor pressure, since the surface is larger in comparison to the volume. 


Dark tourism has been formally studied from three main perspectives by a variety of different disciplines:
Sometimes the Stadio Olimpico, based in Serravalle, is also used. Since there are not many grounds, matches are played on two days of each week, usually Saturday and Sunday. The play-off finals and the European fixtures are always played in the Stadio Olimpico.
Roland Perry’s 24th book is "The Changi Brownlow". Publisher Hachette dubbed this non-fiction book "an inspiration story of the Aussie team spirit – mateship and sacrifice, courage and endurance." The story is set in Changi prison and on the notorious Thai-Burma Railway in WW2. It features Peter Chitty, a non-combatant ambulance driver whose exceptional mental and physical fortitude cause him to be an inspiration to all POWs. It was published in August 2010 and reached Australia’s top ten best-seller list, and, similar to "The Australian Light Horse" was number one in the categories ‘Military and History’ for six months
In January 2011, Green's former wife, Caroline Green, accused him of repeatedly physically assaulting her and their children, including one incident where he allegedly beat her with a weapon until she bled, and another in which their son allegedly required hospital treatment after having been beaten with a piece of wood. The couple subsequently divorced. Stating that the article was "highly defamatory" and calling it a "catalogue of smears and distortions stitched together," Green denied some of the allegations. On his blog he wrote: 
Population.
The claimant moved to the estate but the Board of Revenue did not release any funds to him. On October 5, 1936 the government filed an appeal against the judgment in the Calcutta High Court, again in the name of the wards of the Court of Wards. Chief justice of the High Court gave an order that all the evidence in the previous trial must be printed for the use of the appellate court. It amounted to 11.327 printed pages.
As reported in 2006, in the East Bay newspaper the East Bay Express, there are plans to build a transit village at or adjacent to the site. Its purpose is as smart growth and to encourage transit use. It is modeled on the Fruitvale Model (Fruitvale Transit Village) at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland, California. It is one of many copy-cat projects surrounding BART & Caltrain stations, regional ferry terminals, and Park & Ride lots & Transit Centers. Their purpose is to reduce sprawl and traffic.
