The north-western corner of the parish is at the A1500 junction with the A15, at a roundabout. The boundary follows "Horncastle Lane" eastwards where it neighbours Welton, to the north. At Dunholme, it follows southwards across the old runways of RAF Dunholme Lodge, of which the western end was in Grange de Lings. It briefly meets Scothern, and a small section of the parish extends between Scothern and Nettleham, to meet the A46, which it follows for around 200 metres. The boundary with Nettleham passes westwards, then south-west across "Hall Lane", then meets Riseholme, where it follows a line due west to the A15 (Ermine Street), meeting South Carlton just south of the pylons across the A15. The western boundary of the parish is the A15, and just north of Watering Dyke Houses, it meets North Carlton at the perimeter fence of the Lincolnshire Showground (wholly outside the parish).
Agriculture.
Woodside was named to the All-America first team.
The unit was a General Surveillance Radar squadron providing for the air defense of the United States.
Wiki Magic can be considered an example of collective intelligence as it not only increases Wikipedia content volume, but also article quality. Noteworthy in this context are "Good Samaritans" (one- or few-time contributors to Wikipedia), as their collective contributions have the most significant impact on content quality.
In 2010, for the second consecutive year, Sterling Hospital had been named the “No. 1” hospital in Ahmedabad based on the latest THE WEEK - IMRB surveys.
<doc id="30484283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30484283" title="Nowe Miasto, Szczecin">
Princess Ekateriné Dadiani (; "née" Chavchavadze; March 19, 1816August 13, 1882) was a prominent 19th-century Georgian aristocrat and the last ruling princess of the Western Georgian Principality of Mingrelia in southeast Europe. She played an important role in resisting Ottoman influence in her principality and was at the center of Georgian high society, both inside the country and abroad.
as an integral over edge positions formula_5
Spending only two weeks at the peak, Derülo was shortly replaced by Loick Essien with the breakthrough single "How We Roll", which featured guest vocals from Tanya Lacey. The following week saw R&B-legend Beyoncé claim another number-one single with "Best Thing I Never Had". The single marks the third R&B number-one single for the singer, the others being "If I Were a Boy" (2008) and "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" (2009). Following two weeks at the number-one spot, Beyoncé was replaced by British boyband JLS with the Dev-assisted single "She Makes Me Wanna". The single, which also debuted at number-one on the singles chart, marks the fourth R&B number-one single for the group; with the remaining singles being: "Beat Again" (2009), "Everybody in Love" (2009) and "The Club Is Alive" (2010).
Bruin was selected by Houston Dynamo with the 11th overall pick of the 2011 MLS SuperDraft. He made his professional debut on March 19, 2011, in Houston's first game of the 2011 MLS season, a 1-0 loss to Philadelphia Union. Bruin scored his first professional goal against the Vancouver Whitecaps FC to seal a 3-1 victory. Bruin netted his first professional hat-trick against D.C. United on April 29, 2011 He also scored a volley against the San Jose Earthquakes in the 2011 season.
<doc id="30486844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30486844" title="Matheson House (Perth)">
Because lack of specific approval treatment for PE in the US and some other countries, other SSRIs such as fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, fluvoxamine, and citalopram have been used as off label drugs to treat PE. Waldinger’s meta analysis shows that the use of these conventional antidepressants increasing IELT from two to ninefold above base line in comparison of three to eightfold when dapoxetine is used. However, these SSRIs must be taken daily in order to achieve meaningful efficacy, and the long half-life increases the risk of the drug accumulation and as a consequence increased of adverse effects such as decreasing sexual libido and causing erectile dysfunction. Dapoxetine, on the other hand, is a fast-acting SSRI. It is rapidly absorbed and eliminated from the body within a few hours. This favorable pharmacokinetics minimizes the risk of the drug’s accumulation in the body, and therefore reducing side effects.
The Alpena CRTC is the second organization in the Air National Guard to be certified as a Joint National Training Center. The base has three JTE's, offers JTAC Training, operates a JTAC 4m dome simulator and provides an extensive MRTS program.
<doc id="30488187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30488187" title="KYKZ">
Alabama.
Gërmenji was a supporter of the cooperation with Bulgarians. In 1911, he traveled to Italy and Greece to find support. In 1911 he was declared "persona non grata" in Greece because he refused to agree not to carry on nationalistic propaganda south of Vlora as a condition for cooperation with the Greek authorities against the Ottoman Empire. While operating between Saranda and Gjirokastra, attempting to capture the military supplies of Ottoman army, he was seized and imprisoned in Ioannina. When he returned to Korça, he led one of two groups of Albanian irregulars around the region, when Albania was fragmented during the First World War (the other was led by Sali Butka).
Captain Charles Penrose of the third rate captured "Guachapin" in the Leeward Islands. The "London Gazette" reports that on 9 April 1800, "Sans Pareil" captured the Spanish letter of marque trader "Guakerpin", of 165 tons burthen (bm), ten guns and 38 men. She belonged to Saint Andero, and was sailing from there to Vera Cruz with a cargo of iron, porter, and linens. The British took her into service and commissioned her in February 1801 under Commander Samuel Butcher.
Pfeffer has represented the United States at the U-14 and U-15 levels and trained at the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Fl., as part of U.S. Soccer’s U-17 residency program. The midfielder was a member of the U-15/U-16 USSF FC Delco Academy, as well as the Upper Dublin, Cheltenham, YMS, and Montgomery United youth clubs"(Philadelphia Union).
Military Raaj

He began his business career in 1888 as a dealer of hides and tallows in Danbury, Conneccticut, and two years later, in association with Edward Solomon Parks, his brother, and John Norris, organized the Danbury Fertilizer Co. for the manufacture of fertilizer. Early in 1894 he purchased from his partners the hide and tallow division of this company. The fat and bones he rendered into tallow, thus turning elements previously regarded as quite valueless into sources of large profits. In this departure he laid the foundation of his life success. Around 1896, with his brother Edward, he inaugurated the enterprise of recovering shellac from stiff hat roundings, which until this time had been regarded as worthless by-products of the hat factories. This business proved successful from its inception, especially after he had learned to treat the fur product after removal of the shellac, so that with other furs it could be utilized in the manufacture of felt hats. In January 1901 he formed a partnership with Joseph P. McGovern of New York, then the senior partner in the firm of J.P. McGovern & Bro., brokers in hatter's furs, in order to further expand the business of the manufacture of hatter's furs. This business, incorporated as American Hatters and Furriers Corp., with a capital of $50,000, was increasingly successful year by year, and in 1906 was reorganized as the American Hatters and Furriers Co., Inc., with a capital of $500,000. Mr. Parks was president and manager of this company, with Mr. McGovern acting as treasurer and vice president. After Mr. McGovern's death in 1912, the business continued with Mr. Mercier as treasurer. When Mr. Parks died, the capital was $1,250,000. In 1903 Mr. Parks organized the Connecticut Glue Co., of which he was President and Mr. McGovern treasurer. This company was organized to make use of the by-product from the cutting of rabbit skins, the pelt being used to good advantage in the manufacture of "Pure Rabbit Skin Glue." Like his other ventures, this undertaking proved a great success. Mr. Parks was also president of Star Oil Co., Sunfast Hats, Inc., and Irving Trust Co. As a controlling stockholder in Parks-Mercier, Inc., and as president of the C. D. Parks Co., he was interested in large realty holdings. On his extensive country estate in Danbury, "Tarrywile", he maintained a large dairy establishment stocked with the finest breeds of cattle and the most modern equipment. In the management of this enterprise he also applied his high natural talent for business, so effective in other fields, and made it a profit-yielding undertaking as well as a source of relaxation and keen enjoyment. Mr. Parks was vice president of the Danbury Agricultural Society, which conducts the Danbury Fair; vice president of the Danbury Chamber of Commerce; a member of the Danbury board of finance; and a trustee of the Wooster School, Danbury. For his extraordinary record in selling Libery Loan bonds during World War I, he received a special testimonial from the United States government. His clubs were the Bridgewood Country and the Danbury clubs of Danbury; the Norwalk Country Club; the Algonquin Club of Bridgeport; the Chemists Club of New York City and the Metabetchuan Club of Canada. Mr. Parks was a man of impressing presence, of excellent qualities of character and friendly manner. Although determined resourceful and calculating in the business deliberate in forming his opinions, cautious in his judgements, and adamant in his convictions, he was able to relinquish cares and the join in the lighter enjoyments of life. A man of cultivated tastes and keen intellect, he was a lover of nature and of good literature and music. He was married on December 4, 1889 to Eleanor Sophia, the daughter of Wallace Bruce Parks, of Moreau, New York. They had two daughters: Irene, wife of Louis Chadwick Rathmell; and Jeanette Darling, wife of Donald Alexander Davis. Mr. Parks died at Danbury, Connecticut on September 14, 1929.
Holmiidae
Joaquim Pedro Pacheco (born 30 March 1926 in Macau) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a defender.
Immigration to Israel.
<doc id="30493655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30493655" title="Hertlein and Schlatter Silk Trimmings Factory">
Peter Hobbs (January 19, 1918 – January 2, 2011) was a French-born American character actor, known for roles on Broadway, television and film.
One – Man Shows.
Alayaya
Andurubebila is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
<doc id="30495393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30495393" title="Bebalagama">
Brookbank
<doc id="30495742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30495742" title="Missy Schwen-Ryan">
