1995 Indianapolis Colts season
<doc id="14882948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14882948" title="1992 in athletics (track and field)">
Born in Whitfield Town, Kingston, Burrell moved to Birmingham, England at the age of five before returning to Jamaica as a teenager. His first production was Sugar Minott's "More Dogs To The Bone" in 1984, starting the Kings & Lions record label in the same year. In 1986 he started the "Vena" label, releasing early works by new artists that he had discovered such as Sanchez, Pinchers and Thriller U, and established artists including Frankie Paul, Gregory Isaacs and Charlie Chaplin. By 1989, Burrell had founded the "Exterminator" (later "Xterminator") label, which in the early 1990s released records by Ninjaman, Ini Kamoze, Admiral Tibet, Cocoa Tea, Beres Hammond and Johnny Osbourne.
University of Asia and the Pacific (Manille)
Animal Rights.
Squash strings are usually made up of microfilament or gut. Racquet tension can vary from 20-30 lbs. Professional players tend to opt for the upper limit of the racquet tension range.
An abandoned platform currently sits at the station site. Amtrak "Connecticut Valley Service" (now "Northeast Regional" and "Shuttle") trains formerly served the station, then known primarily as Thompsonville. The station was in use by New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad then Penn Central trains before Amtrak started service on May 1, 1971. Service to Thompsonville ended on October 28, 1986, together with North Haven.
Literary significance and criticism.
602nd Tank Destroyer Battalion
Relegation.
By 711, a power struggle between Princess Taiping and Li Longji (who was created crown prince) had become intense, and at the suggestion of the chancellors Song Jing and Yao Yuanzhi, Emperor Ruizong briefly sent Princess Taiping and Wu Youji out of the capital Chang'an, to live in Pu Prefecture (蒲州, roughly modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) to try to defuse the situation. Subsequently, when Princess Taiping complained, Song and Yao were demoted, and Princess Taiping and Wu Youji were recalled to Chang'an. Later that year, in order to please Wu Youji, Princess Taiping requested that Wu Shihuo's and Lady Yang's tombs be again returned to imperial tomb status. (They had been again stripped of their imperial tomb status after the coup against Empress Wei.)
Joseba Sarrionandia Uribelarrea (Iurreta, Biscay, April 13, 1958 – ) is a Basque writer and was member of the Basque separatist group ETA. He has written many books of poetry and short stories as well as novels. In 1985 he escaped from prison after being convicted as an ETA member and since then has lived in secret as he continues writing.
Stewart Sharpless


Electoral district of Abbotsford was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Victoria. 
Following their name change to The Radioactive Chicken Heads, the band began transitioning into a less thrashy and more melodic style of punk rock, emphasizing an offbeat eclectic edge inspired by the likes of The Residents and Oingo Boingo, while also expanding their sound into occasional one-off genre experiments in styles ranging from reggae to rockabilly. The Chicken Heads' 2005 album "Growing Mold" featured a mix of punk, rock and blues songs interspersed with accordion and marimba-driven instrumentals, while their 2008 follow-up "Music for Mutants" returned to an entirely punk, rock and metal-oriented sound although with an increased use of keyboards and brass instruments. The "OC Weekly" has described the band's current style as a cross "between GWAR and The B-52s...a sound that might work well scoring a John Waters, Ed Wood or Russ Meyer film".
Two of the author's plays have been produced for the stage, "Coinneáil Orainn" and "An Braon Aníos", and two short screenplays have been filmed, "Cosa Nite" and "An Leabhar". "Coinneáil Orainn" won the Walter Macken Prize in 2005 and a BBC Stewart Parker Award in 2006. Both "Coinneáil Orainn" and "An Braon Aníos" have been published, as well as a prose edition of Cosa Nite. Along with Ciarán Ó Cofaigh he founded the film and television production company Rosg, and was co-director of the company until 2005. In 2006 he founded the stage production company Salamandar, and directed his own play "An Braon Aníos".
Municipalities.

The school provides a platform for public dialogue and knowledge exchange by convening conferences, lectures, seminars and policy forums. DSG's Distinguished Speakers Series has featured guests such as Lee Kuan Yew, Klaus Schwab, Lawrence Summers, John Chambers, David Ellwood, Joseph Nye, Francis Fukuyama, Suad Joseph, Kishore Mahbubani and Bob Graham.
<doc id="14891530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14891530" title="Pama Records">

Embedded Platform for Industrial Computing (EPIC) is a computer form factor standard put forth by a combined effort from WinSystems, VersaLogic, Octagon Systems, Micro/sys, and Ampro.
<doc id="14892397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14892397" title="Krásná (Frýdek-Místek District)">
Provincial.

Mazimbu Graves in Morogoro Region, Tanzania is home to deceased South Africans who fought for their country's liberation struggle.
Born Carolyn Stewart in Bakersfield, California, Speed was the first black homecoming queen during her sophomore year at Santa Clara High School. After high school, she received a scholarship to attend American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco, California.
where formula_5 is the "j"th largest of the formula_6.
Henry Harris

Dotted butterflyfish

<doc id="14895554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14895554" title="Petersville, Indiana">
Air Refueling.
Erma Duricko
4.2. Alumnos de las Escuelas de Suboficiales (Cadets of Schools for Non-Commissioned Officers)
August 3.
Personal life.
Heinrich's fame comes, however, from translating a legendary biography description of the life of Aesop and Aesop's Fables which he put into a Latin-German encyclopedic version called "Ulmer Aesop" first published in Ulm in 1476. In 1477-78 he published in Augsburg from Günther Zainer a large edition of Aesop's Fables with many woodcuts. In 1480 he published a German translation of Aesop's Fables based on fables of Avianus, Babrius, Romulus, and Alfred which inspired other translations of later centuries in various languages worldwide. 
<doc id="14897792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14897792" title="Parham Peninsula">
On June 2, 1985, American conservative activists held the Democratic International, a symbolic meeting of anti-Communist militants, at UNITA's headquarters in Jamba, Angola. Primarily funded by Rite Aid founder Lewis Lehrman and organized by anti-Communist activists Jack Abramoff and Jack Wheeler, participants included Savimbi, Adolfo Calero, leader of the Nicaraguan Contras, Pa Kao Her, Hmong Laotian rebel leader, U.S. Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North, South African security forces, Abdurrahim Wardak, Afghan Mujahideen leader, Jack Wheeler, American conservative policy advocate, and many others. While the Reagan administration, though unwilling to publicly support the meeting, privately expressed approval. The governments of Israel and South Africa supported the idea, but both respective countries were deemed inadvisable for hosting the conference.

While studying Dren, Elsa and Clive neglect their work with Fred and Ginger. At a highly publicized presentation of their work, Fred and Ginger savagely fight to the death. It is subsequently discovered that Ginger had spontaneously changed to a male, but Elsa and Clive failed to notice because they were focused on Dren. 
Al-Yamun () is a Palestinian town located nine kilometers west of Jenin in the Jenin Governorate, in the northern West Bank. Al-Yamun's land area consists of approximately 20,000 dunams, of which 1,300 dunams is built-up area. 
Some of the principal organizers were Rewi Alley of New Zealand; Edgar Snow, Nym Wales (Helen Foster Snow), and Ida Pruitt of the USA and a group of Chinese including Hu Yuzhi and Sha Qianqi. Through the sponsorship of Madame Chiang Kai-shek, Finance Minister Dr. H. H. Kung supplied government financial support. 
Åkerman played the lead role on the ABC sitcom "Trophy Wife". Åkerman played Kate Harrison, the third wife of Pete Harrison (Bradley Whitford). Marcia Gay Harden and Michaela Watkins also star as Pete's ex-wives. The show received positive reviews, with critics singling out Åkerman for praise. Matt Webb Mitovich of TVLine said she "no less than shines here, coming off as fun-loving but not flaky, warm and not overheated". Gabriel Mizrahi of "The Huffington Post" called Åkerman "terrific" and Roth Cornet of IGN singled out her chemistry with co-star Bradley Whitford and her aptitude for physical comedy. Åkerman said that she was initially put off by the title, having previously expressed frustration at constantly being asked to play the "trophy wife." However, when she read the script, she loved the writing and the character and how "not trophy wife" she is.
This plant prefers dry hills, scrubs and open woodlands, at an altitude of above sea level. It grows very quickly after a fire.
In 2006, a study by the Williams Institute at the UCLA School of Law concluded that allowing same-sex couples to marry would have a positive effect on New Mexico’s state budget. Allowing same-sex couples to marry would result in a net gain of approximately $1.5 million to $2 million each year for the State. This net impact will be the result of savings in expenditures on state means-tested public benefit programs and an increase in sales and lodging tax revenue from weddings and wedding-related tourism.
Some rare books possessed by the section have been bound in cloth and leather. The building has now fallen short of its requirements with respect to additional books and the increasing number of readers .
Barry Cockcroft  • 
On the third week of fighting a squadron of Alvis Saladin armoured cars of the 1st Reconnaissance Regiment, SLAC commanded by Major Shiran Jinasena broke through enemy lines despite two its vehicles being destroyed by mines. The breakthrough was followed up by Saladin and Saracen APCs of the 1st Recce Regiment and 3rd Recce Regiment of the Armoured Corps and Buffel APCs. The armored thrust on 2 August was led by Major Jinasena and was followed by Major Rohan De Silva of 4/GR who commanded a squadron of Buffel APCs. At this point the three infantry Brigades under Brigadier Wimalarathna, which included the newly arrived 7th Brigade under Colonel Gamini Angammana, went into action. 
<doc id="14903081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14903081" title="2008 ATP Masters Series">
Trotskyite version:
Norman Fletcher (disambiguation)
<doc id="14904157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14904157" title="Carlos Humberto da Silva Ferreira">
Barbro-Lill Hætta-Jacobsen
The album was released as an LP in 1989 by AIP Records (as #AIP-10047) and as a CD in 1996 (as #AIP-CD-1047).
Hilde Singsaas
Euroberlin's livery incorporated elements of both Air France's and Lufthansa's contemporary liveries using the former's corporate colours (red and blue on a white background). 
Klaus Peter Foppke is a German rower, who competed for the "SC Dynamo Berlin"/ "Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo". He won the medals at the international rowing competitions. 
Ramona Balthasar
Shekki
George Walker and Bert Williams.
The Natural Resource Trap: Countries that are rich in natural resources are paradoxically usually worse off than countries that are not. Collier attributes this to a variety of causes:
<doc id="14908954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14908954" title="Jaclyn A. Smith">
Wayside is a small unincorporated community in Armstrong County, Texas, United States. It lies at an elevation of 3402 feet (1037 m).
In November 2011, the United States Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus met with the Azerbaijani President and Defense Minister announcing the military ties between their countries would expand. The US State Department already offered Azerbaijan $10 mln to enhance its security structures in the Caspian Sea earlier that year.
The Lighidia River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
Portato is a bowing technique for stringed instruments (Anon. 2001), in which successive notes are gently re-articulated while being joined under a single continuing bow stroke. It achieves a kind of pulsation or undulation, rather than separating the notes. It has been notated in various ways. One early 19th century writer, Pierre Baillot ("L’art du violon", Paris, 1834), gives two alternatives: a wavy line, and dots under a slur. Later in the century a third method became common: placing "legato" dashes (tenuto) under a slur (Wall 2001a). The notation with dots under slurs is ambiguous, because it is also used for very different bowings, including staccato and flying spiccato (Walls 2001a; Walls 2001b).
Neith is thought to have been a daughter of the pharaoh Pepi I and queen Ankhesenpepi I, making her half-sister and cousin to pharaoh Pepi II. Neith may be the mother of King Nemtyemsaf II. There is a legend about Queen Nitocris who, if she indeed existed at all, may have been a daughter of Neith.
Main villages where Pashtuns are living are Dobandi, Manai, Darkh, Kandaw, Chenari, Tora Chena, Sher Agha, Baryam, fatihkhio Karez, Darya Khan Karez,sulimankhailo Karez,Degaan kariz,Kajer Karez, Shinkai, Gul Mohammad Khailo Karez and Sraghowanda. 
References.
Third Division (south)/Third Division/Second Division/League One (Third Tier)
She would star in five films the following year, and four in 1927, but afterward her career would slow considerably. In 1928 and 1929 combined she would have roles in only three films, and with the advent of "talking films" her career ended promptly. She retired in Los Angeles, where she resided until her death on July 31, 1995, aged 91.
