Melquicedec Torres (born May 27, 1977 in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic) is a minor league baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. He is the younger brother of pitcher Salomón Torres.
For example, a hollow sphere does not produce any net gravity inside. The gravitational field inside is the same as if the hollow sphere were not there (i.e. the resultant field is that of any masses inside and outside the sphere only).
The definitive member of the Sportster family was the Model E, which was fitted with a Warner Scarab radial engine in place of the inline engines used on the previous models. Four of these aircraft were built, and it was in one of them that Zantford Granville was killed in February 1934, attempting to land after an engine failure while avoiding people working on the runway below.
Morwen Thistlethwaite helped prove the Tait conjectures, which are:

Maccagno resigned his seat in the Alberta legislature on May 27, 1968 to run in that year's federal election. He ran for the federal Liberals in the electoral district of Athabasca and lost to Progressive Conservative candidate Paul Yewchuk by about 1,200 votes. After the election he was appointed to the National Parole Board.
Bluestone railway station was a station in Norfolk, England. It was on the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway between Corpusty and Aylsham North. It opened in the late 19th century, to serve the surrounding farms and settlements, and closed in 1916 owing to poor use. It was located close to the settlement of Oulton.
Alan Turing, in his 1952 paper "Computing Machinery and Intelligence", proposed a test for intelligence which has since become known as the Turing test. While there are a number of different versions, the original test, described by Turing as being based on the "Imitation Game", involved a "machine intelligence" (a computer running an AI program), a female participant, and an interrogator. Both the AI and the female participant were to claim that they were female, and the interrogator's task was to work out which was the female participant and which was not by examining the participant's responses to typed questions. While it is not clear whether or not Turing intended that the interrogator was to know that one of the participants was a computer, while discussing some of the possible objections to his argument Turing raised the concern that "machines cannot make mistakes".
Thai clubs in the AFC Cup
38 long-distance runners from 21 nations competed.

