This dark mystery drama written by Eriko Kitagawa is not the usual fare of romantic love comedy that you might expect from the screen writer who also penned "Beautiful Life" and "Orange Days". Katase Ryo (Kimura) is working as a chef at a pricey restaurant and is a womanizer. Women are only accessories and if he tires of them, he gets rid of them in any way possible. When a presumed suicide turns out to be murder, detective Dojima Kanzo (Sanma) crosses paths with Katase. A cat and mouse game starts with Katase raising the stakes when Dojima's little sister falls for him and Kanzo is determined to save his sister no matter the consequences. As the story continues, a dark past in Kanzo's life also start to rise and open an unimaginable connection between him, his sister, and Katase Ryo. This drama is arguably one of Kimura Takuya's best appearance.
Barthold Fles (February 7, 1902 – December 19, 1989) was a Dutch-American literary agent, author, translator, editor and publisher. Among his many clients were Raymond Loewy, Heinrich Mann, Joseph Roth, Felix Salten, Ignazio Silone, Bruno Walter and Arnold Zweig.

He was selected by the Utah Jazz in the 8th round (165th pick overall) of the 1981 NBA Draft.

Freeth was born in Angaston, South Australia, the son of Robert Freeth (1886-1979) and Gladys Mary Snashall. He attended Sydney Church of England Grammar School and the Guildford Grammar School in Western Australia (where his father was headteacher from 1928 to 1949). 
<doc id="13566391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13566391" title="Anti-Pinkerton Act">
It consists of two large caissons mounted on rails. Each caisson measures long by wide and has a water depth between 3 and 3.70 m (10–12 ft). It can carry one boat of 1,350 tonnes or many smaller boats within the same limits.
Desmond was born in Long Beach, California on April 12, 1915. He was the second oldest son of Walter Desmond (1876–1951), a religious Irish Catholic lawyer from Boston who came to California in 1905 and opened a law office in Long Beach. Walter Desmond was later appointed a Superior Court Judge and was one of the first judges to assign weekend jail time so offenders could work during the week.
To this group also belongs the Roman fort at Oudenburg.
Evolutionary history.
"Sisters of '77" is a documentary film that chronicles an unprecedented event in women's history, the first National Women's Conference in Houston, Texas in November 1977. The purpose of the National Women's Conference was to end discrimination against women and promote their equal rights. The conference was the first federally funded women's conference, and brought together over 20,000 women and men from around the United States.
Johnston was born near Boonville in 1848. He joined the Confederate Army in October 1864, and served under General John Marmaduke and General Sterling Price through the end of the war. After the war, Johnston studied for two years at a private academy in Prairie Home, Missouri before entering the Kemper Family School in fall 1867. He studied under Professor Frederick T. Kemper until 1871, then was admitted to the senior class of the University of Missouri. A year later, he was back at the Kemper School as an instructor with an A.B. from Missouri.
The Mashco-Piro tribe speaks a dialect of the Piro language. "Mashco" (originally spelled "Maschcos") is a term which was first used by Padre Biedma in 1687 to refer to the Harakmbut people and is considered a derogatory term.

<doc id="13569739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13569739" title="Guy Edward Hearn">
Dance Place offers a variety of classes for children and adults in styles including modern, African, and hip hop. Dance Place's school is focused on training adults in modern and West African dance, and youth in creative movement. Additionally, resident company Coyaba Dance Theater runs the Coyaba Academy, an African dance training program for children. 

On November 28, 2007, Fusepoint announced they had become one of the very few managed hosting providers in Canada to become Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) compliant Fusepoint is [http://usa.visa.com/download/merchants/cisp-list-of-pcidss-compliant-service-providers.pdf recognized by Visa as a Tier 1 Payment Card Industry Certified Service Provider (page 18). 
Eilidh MacQueen (born 20/5/1986, Troon, Scotland) is a Thailand-based Scottish actress.
