Early life and crimes.

And when the Beast had taken the quarter of the Earth under its rule, a quarter hundred Birds of Sulfur flew from the Depths. The birds crossed hundreds of mountain views and found twenty four wise men who came from the stars. And then it began, the believers dared to listen. Then, they took their pens and dared to create. Finally, they dared to share their deed with the whole of mankind. Spreading words of freedom and breaking the chains, the birds brought deliverance to everyone.
<doc id="420790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=420790" title="Judy Martz">
Compared to many of its neighbors in Southern Africa, as well as other Portuguese colonies (especially Cape Verde), Angola's popular music has had little international success. 
During her next patrol, from 17 April to 21 May 1944, "Tautog" (handed over to Thomas S. Baskett, formerly of ) returned to the Kuril Islands. On 2 May, she sighted a cargo ship in a small harbor between Banjo To and Matsuwa To. The submarine launched four torpedoes from a range of . One hit obscured the target. An hour later, "Tautog" fired two more and scored another hit. The 5,973-ton Army cargo ship "Ryoyo Maru" settled in of water, decks awash. The next morning, "Tautog" made radar contact in a heavy fog, closing the enemy ship and firing four torpedoes; two hit the target. The submarine circled for a follow-up shot, but this was difficult as the water was covered with gasoline drums, debris, and life rafts. When "Tautog" last saw "Fushimi Maru" (5,000 tons) through the fog, her bow was in the air. On 8 May, amid "swarms of ships" the submarine contacted a convoy bound for Esan Saki. She fired torpedoes at the largest ship. One hit, slowed the target, and two more torpedoes left "Miyazaki Maru" (4,000 tons) sinking by the stern. Escorts forced "Tautog" deep and depth charged her for seven hours without doing any damage. At dawn on 9 May, she fired on another freighter, missing. Three days later, the submarine fired her last three torpedoes at "Banei Maru Number 2" (1,100 tons) and watched her disappear in a cloud of smoke. When "Tautog" returned to Pearl Harbor, she was credited with four ships sunk for 20,500 tons (postwar reduced to 16,100).
One of Morton Feldman's best known pieces of music was inspired by and written to be performed in the chapel — it too is called "Rothko Chapel" (1971). The musician Peter Gabriel named one of his songs "Fourteen Black Paintings" after his experience in the chapel. Independent singer-songwriter David Dondero also has an ode to the site titled "Rothko Chapel" (2007).

Krzyzewski was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Polish American, Catholic parents Emily M. (née Pituch) and William Krzyzewski. The family name was originally Krzyżewski (), and while the general public pronounces it , his own pronunciation is . He has roots in the Pittsburgh area, as his maternal grandparents emigrated from Poland to Keisterville, Pennsylvania. Up until he was 10 or 12, he visited there every summer; Krzyzewski had stated that he suspects the purpose of such trips was to "teach you to know where you came from and to be proud of it."
Fitzgerald was married three times. He later moved to Hamden, Connecticut, where he died at his home after a long illness.
As well as having talents for the sciences and mathematics, all the brothers were also extremely interested in the arts, music in particular. Despite their interest none of them possessed any sort of talent for it, but they did not allow that to stifle their progress in learning of theory. They were all accepted into the Scuola di Pitagora, a highly exclusive academy of musicians. Apparently the pure impressiveness of their intellect was enough to allow three tone-deaf mathematicians into a school for the musically gifted. The status of the family as a symbol of knowledge and intellectual growth surely helped in their acceptance as well.
A list of special operations Includes a reference for the exact date of this mission.
<doc id="421318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=421318" title="Victor Horta">
