Tapulous, Inc. was an American software and video game developer and publisher headquartered in Palo Alto, California. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company as part of Disney Interactive's Disney Mobile unit. The company's most profitable products were the "Tap Tap" series of music games, which surpassed over thirty-five million downloads.
The Poison Arrows
Chart performance.


Vincent Cobos

The Mezzalama Trophy ( aka "white marathon") is an Italian high altitude ski mountaineering competition in the region of Cervinia. The Mezzalama Trophy, that belongs to the "big three of ski mountaineering" () besides the two other best-known and classical skimountaineering events, the Patrouille des Glaciers and the Pierra Menta, is the highest alpine ski mountaineering competition of the world. The event in the Monte Rosa's massif was named in honor of the mountain guide Ottorino Mezzalama.
According to overnight viewing figures, "The Waters of Mars" was watched by 9.1 million people. The episode also received an Appreciation Index score of 88 (considered Excellent). More accurate, consolidated statistics from the BARB state that official ratings ended up at 10.32 million viewers for the UK premiere and that "The Waters of Mars" was the fifth most watched programme of the week. It was first broadcast on a Sunday, the only non-Christmas episode of the revived series to air outside the usual Saturday evening slot.
Below is a list of office-holders:
Berryman, a defender, started out at Devonport in the North West Football Union (NWFU) and won the Cheel Medal as the competition's 'best and fairest' player in 1925. He then had his three year stint at South Melbourne before continuing where he left of with Devonport by winning the 1930 Royal Medal. Berryman spent the 1930 and 1931 NWFU seasons as captain-coach.
Fauxburg, Nova Scotia
On April 1, Deon Thompson appeared in the NIT Championship game, giving him 152 career game appearances. This set the NCAA all-time career games played mark, formerly held by Wayne Turner of Kentucky and Walter Hodge of Florida.
Playing career.
The MVG maintains a museum, located at Ständlerstraße 20 near the terminus of tram line . The museum contains a collection of some 25 historic trams, buses and utility vehicles from different eras. It opens to the public on alternate Sundays.

<doc id="22318958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22318958" title="Preparatory subject">

<doc id="22319562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22319562" title="Maricao State Forest">
Fancher is located in central Wisconsin approximately half way between Stevens Point, and Amherst, south of U.S. Highway 10 on County Road K. The general area of present-day Fancher is on County Road K between Townline Road and Lake Thomas Road in the town of Stockton. (Lat: 44° 28' 21.2", Lon: -89° 22' 23.4")

<doc id="22320338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22320338" title="List of members of the Parliament of Finland, 1919–22">
The Catholic sexual abuse scandal in Victoria is part of the Catholic clerical sexual abuse in Australia and the much wider Catholic sexual abuse scandal in general, which involves charges, convictions, trials and ongoing investigations into allegations of sex crimes committed by Catholic priests and members of religious orders. The Catholic Church in Victoria has been implicated in a reported 40 suicides among about 620 sexual abuse victims acknowledged to the public after internal investigations by the Catholic Church in Victoria. 
Other groups represented on the Board of Directors are the Downtown Partnership of Baltimore, the BWI Partnership, the Metropolitan Baltimore Council AFL-CIO Unions, Veolia Transportation, the Urban League of Greater Baltimore, ULI Baltimore, Citizens Planning & Housing Association, Colliers Pinkard, Economic Alliance of Greater Baltimore, 1000 Friends of Maryland, Baltimore City Public School System, LS Consulting, Inc., and the Baltimore Washington Corridor Chamber.
Tuscarora Creek is a tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County, Maryland, in the United States.

John Alderton (American football)
School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences (Trinity College, Dublin)


The number of non-Christians is small. There are 4,000 Muslims, most of whom are immigrants or descendants of Indian immigrants from the Indian state of Gujarat. There are three mosques and an Islamic centre. Other religious groups include the Rastafarian Movement, which was introduced to Barbados in 1975, Hinduism, Buddhists, and the Bahá'í Faith.
<doc id="22324819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22324819" title="Blandford–Znajek process">
"Fireworks For a Hot Fourth" is a commentary on Suburban life in America. The play takes place at a cocktail party on the Fourth of July. The original cast included Arnold Wilkerson as the waiter, John Wardwell as Growth, Laurinda Barrett as Gloria, Kristina Callahan as Anna, Monica Moran as Belle, Stephen Joyce as Old Local, Colgate Salsbury as Sidney, and Haig Chobanian as Harold.
<doc id="22325897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22325897" title="Celo Community">
