Caleb Bentley (1762–1851) was a silversmith, shopkeeper, and first postmaster in Brookeville, Maryland. Bentley was born in Chester County, Pennsylvania in 1762.
This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1913 to 1914. Half of its members were elected at the 13 April 1910 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1910 and finishing on 30 June 1916; the other half were elected at the 31 May 1913 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1913 and finishing on 30 June 1919. In fact their terms were terminated prematurely with the calling of the 5 September 1914 election as a double dissolution.
Pattannur
Roark reappears in "Chuck Versus the Colonel". He gives Stephen until the next morning to finish the Intersect, threatening to kill his family. Stephen covertly double-crosses him and reprograms the computer to instead remove the Intersect images from Chuck's head when Roark tries to use it to upload the Intersect into a group of Fulcrum agents. Roark discovers the deception when he fails to flash on any of his test data. After Beckman's airstrike begins, Roark flees and is apparently killed when a bomb detonates near him while trying to get to cover, but the end of the episode reveals he survived the attack and plans to disrupt Ellie's wedding.
At the Stone of Selection, Livvi was originally stung to play the next challenge against Ollie, but her leg injury had not made her feel well enough that she was forced to not do the challenge and Alex T was chosen instead.
The town is in a remote location north of Christchurch. The town has no convenience store, so residents have to go directly to 
<doc id="20658708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20658708" title="Panayal">
The Veritair Aviation fleet consists of the following aircraft:
Transport.


Henry's brother, Captain John Gunn Munro of Braemore married Elizabeth Sutherland. They had ten children.
With over 275 beds just for children, the American Board of Surgeons has designated the Children’s Hospital as a Level 1 Trauma Center, providing the highest level of trauma care within the Inland Empire four-county area. Each year, more than 15,000 children stay at the hospital and over 130,000 children visit the hospital for ambulatory care. The only medical facility in the Inland Empire specializing in the care of children, Children’s Hospital transports over 1,100 critically ill or injured children each year from surrounding hospitals.

Action.
The Phoenicians established numerous colonial cities along the coasts of the Mediterranean in order to provide safe harbors for their merchant fleets, to maintain a Phoenician monopoly on an area's natural resources, and to conduct trade free of outside interference. They were also motivated to found these cities to satisfy the demand for trade goods or to escape the necessity of paying tribute to the succession of empires that ruled Tyre, Sidon, and Byblos, and by fear of complete Greek colonization of that part of the Mediterranean suitable for commerce. The Phoenicians lacked the population or necessity to establish large self-sustaining cities abroad, and most of their colonial cities had fewer than 1,000 inhabitants, but Carthage and a few others developed larger populations.
During Walters tenure the Club featured big name acts like Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Patti Page, The Carter Family, Sophie Tucker, Mae West, Diahann Carroll, Milton Berle, The Andrews Sisters, Frankie Laine, and Ted Lewis along with chorus girls and concluded with a can can dance.
He was born in Delft, and studied at the University of Leiden. He joined Grotius in Paris in 1624, and later defended him against Johannes a Felden (John De Felde).
