
Unlike all of Disney's Magic Kingdom style parks which came before it, on opening day, Hong Kong Disneyland did not include a Frontierland. In 2012, a new themed land called Grizzly Gulch (Traditional Chinese: 灰熊山谷) opened as the park's equivalent to Frontierland. Grizzly Gulch is much smaller compared to the "Frontierlands" of other Disney Parks, featuring only one ride, Big Grizzly Mountain Runaway Mine Cars. This roller coaster attraction is a variation of the "Big Thunder Mountain Railroad" attractions found at other Disney Parks, featuring special ride elements unique to this attraction, including backwards portions, and a high speed launch section. 

Capoeira is an Afro-Brazilian martial art that combines elements of dance and music, and is marked by deft, tricky movements that are often played on the ground or completely inverted. It also has a strong acrobatic component in some versions and is always played with music. It is a culturally significant sport, developed in colonial times by slaves. Nowadays, capoeira is practiced internationally and found its way into popular culture, through many computer games and movies.
Cemitério São João Batista (Cemetery of Saint John the Baptist) is a private cemetery in the neighborhood of Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro owned and operated by the "Santa Casa da Misericórdia do Rio de Janeiro" (Holy House of Mercy of Rio de Janeiro) a charitable organization with a Catholic identity founded by the Portuguese in Rio during the colonial era. The Holy House of Mercy foundation operates the São João Bastista cemetery with a permit from the municipality of Rio de Janeiro, as in Brazil cemeteries are either owned by the municipality or operated with its permission.
The record for the fastest ace is held by Samuel Groth in 2012 in an ATP Challenger in Busan, he hit the fastest serve on record at 163.4 mph (263 kph). At the 2007 Indianapolis Tennis Championships, Sam Querrey hit 10 consecutive aces when he defeated James Blake in a quarterfinal. This is believed to be an Open Era record.
Obstruction and a "power grab".
<doc id="1612496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1612496" title="The Young Man from Atlanta">
Óliver Pérez Martínez (born August 15, 1981) is a Mexican professional baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball. He has played for the San Diego Padres, Pittsburgh Pirates, New York Mets and Seattle Mariners. He has also competed for the Mexican national baseball team in the 2006, 2009, and 2013 World Baseball Classics.
Fantômas (album)
The Geo microformat is used to provide a Wikipedia map overlay generated from the official . This is used to browse geotagged articles.
Work on the new stadium commenced at the end of 2005, and the facility was ready for play before the start of the 2008 NRL season. The project was managed by the same company that constructed Suncorp Stadium, The Gabba – Queensland's largest and most famous stadia, and Telstra Stadium – the Sydney 2000 Olympic Stadium. The new stadium has a capacity of 27,000 – 2,000 more than originally planned for.
After the September 11 attacks in 2001, Seelye again found himself in the spotlight as an expert on Middle Eastern affairs and continued to advise think tanks and policy making groups. He also continues to be strongly criticized by writers who do not agree with his views on the Middle East, such as an "Atlantic Monthly" article Robert D. Kaplan in which he wrote of Seelye that such "Arabists and other area specialists may be emotionally involved, through marriage or friendship, with host countries – often causing them to dislike the policies that Washington orders them to execute." Seelye and over 50 former US ambassadors and government officials signed the Middle East Policy Council's letter to President George W. Bush, criticizing US policy on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, specifically Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's unilateral Gaza withdrawal plan, announced in 2004 and enacted in 2005 (letter cited below), which followed earlier British diplomats' letter to Prime Minister Tony Blair.
José Cardel, Veracruz

Conservative Party of Canada candidate Chungsen Leung became the elected MP for Willowdale following the May 2011 Federal Election.
In the first half of the 20th century there were four large movie ranches in the Simi Hills for filming motion pictures on location. The gated community of Bell Canyon began development of geographic Bell Canyon in the 1968. To the north of U.S. 101, east of Thousand Oaks, and west of Simi Valley the early 1960s further suburban expansion of metropolitan Los Angeles brought small to significant parcels in the Simi Hills under development. Hillside subdivisions regraded natural contours into terraced lots, changing the Hills viewshed, drainage patterns, and habitats in those areas. The extensive planned new community projects at Jordan Ranch and Ahmanson Ranch were eventually stopped by local citizens and the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy keeping extensive Hills acreage natural in open space parks.

Services.
Henry Rousso.
A broadcasting and telecommunications facility in west Cornwall (, ). It includes a high guyed steel lattice mast with square cross section, which is surmounted by the television transmitting antennas, bringing the overall height of the structure to . It is owned and operated by Arqiva. It transmits UHF Analogue television signals, DVB television, FM Radio and DAB Radio. It is sometimes referred to as Four Lanes, because of the proximity of the mast to neighbouring village of the same name. The main mast is lit with four bright red aircraft warning lights, a statutory requirement of the Civil Aviation Authority.
Humans and other animals exposed to vacuum lose consciousness after a few seconds and die of hypoxia within minutes, but the symptoms are not nearly as graphic as the imagery in the public media suggests. Blood and other body fluids do boil when their pressure drops below 6.3 kPa (47 Torr), the vapor pressure of water at body temperature. This condition is called ebullism. The steam may bloat the body to twice its normal size and slow circulation, but tissues are elastic and porous enough to prevent rupture. Ebullism is slowed by the pressure containment of blood vessels, so some blood remains liquid. Swelling and ebullism can be reduced by containment in a flight suit. Space Shuttle astronauts wore a fitted elastic garment called a Crew Altitude Protection Suit (CAPS) which prevented ebullism at pressures as low as 2 kPa (15 Torr). Spacesuits are necessary to prevent ebullism above 19 km. Most spacesuits use 20 kPa (150 Torr) of pure oxygen, just enough to sustain full consciousness. This pressure is high enough to prevent ebullism, but simple evaporation of blood, or of gases dissolved in the blood, can still cause decompression sickness (the bends) and gas embolisms if not managed.

Fast-track complex process redesign.
Metrovicks postwar.
Pigs on the Wing.
<doc id="1614765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1614765" title="Ranks and insignia of NATO">
Law Journals and Publications.
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Kulik.
Karkas is a fictional superhuman from the Marvel Comics universe. Karkas is a member of the Deviants, a monstrous off-shoot of humanity created by the Celestials. The character Karkas was created by writer/artist Jack Kirby, in 1977.


The first single from the album, "An Honest Mistake", was released on February 28, 2005. The UK and Japanese releases of the album contain the bonus track "Hot Pursuit". The version on the Japanese edition is a different mix featuring Gillian Conway (keyboardist John Conway's sister) on vocals along with Sam Endicott.

Formula car racing.
Chantal Goya (born Chantal de Guerre on June 10, 1946) is a French singer and actress.

Battle.
Prior to the breakup, Ben McMillan and Scott McCullum had started the band Gruntruck as a side-project, and continued to perform with the band after Skin Yard's demise. By the time Gruntruck disbanded, they had released two albums and one EP. Ben McMillan died from diabetes in 2008.
Geography.
<doc id="1616233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1616233" title="Christian Abt">
<doc id="1616360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1616360" title="Keith Ahlers">
Cranford High School is a four-year public high school located in Cranford, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Cranford Township Public Schools. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1929.
