The station began broadcasting from a transmitter located at the water plant across from Confederate Park near First and Main streets. The station was owned by the city government. WJAX was also an FM station on 95.1 and played album rock throughout the 1970s. The company that purchased WJAX-FM from the city in the early 1980s also owned WAPE 690 AM, which is now WOKV. When the deal was done, the WAPE call letters took over the spot at 95.1 and for a short while simulcast their top 40 format on both AM and FM spots. The call sign languished unused for years, but have now made a comeback on the AM dial as a station owned and operated by Jones College. The original WJAX at 930 am is now WFXJ.
the Crown-Prince had left his natural history collection to Viennese teaching
Message and teachings.

His industry, zeal, keen power of analysis, candor and fair-mindedness won the confidence of all with whom he came into contact except the literary charlatans whose romances he was bent on destroying in the interest of the verities of history.
Tracks 1, 3, 7, and 10 written by Martin Virgo; all others written by Virgo and Siobhan de Maré except 8 by Virgo, Jim Abbiss, and de Maré.
Other parasites.
<doc id="7856428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7856428" title="Lee County Courthouse">
Danny shares his flat with colleague Helen Flynn until she is killed in the second episode of series 1. Soon thereafter fellow junior officer Zoe Reynolds becomes his new flatmate. She and Danny work well together and develop a strong friendship. Danny would like their relationship to deepen, but Zoe falls in love with photographer Will North, to whom she becomes engaged. Danny is unhappy, but his desire for Zoe to be happy overcomes his jealousy; when she is forced into exile in Chile, he disobeys orders by telling her fiancé Will where she has gone.
The college board.
Dan D'Autremont
Ulavi
Katrina Bowden
The bare area of the liver is clinically important because it represents a site where infection can spread from the abdominal cavity to the thoracic cavity.
Due to the September 11th attacks, the game was moved to December 1. This marked the first time since 1947 - when the Alabama legislature forced a game between the two - that Auburn played a team after Alabama in the Iron Bowl during the regular season. For LSU, the game marked the first time since 1991 that the Tigers played a team other than Arkansas as the final game of the regular season. Prior to Arkansas joining the SEC, LSU traditionally closed its season against in-state rival Tulane Green Wave. However, with the Florida-Tennessee game also having to move to that particular weekend due to the terrorist attacks, members of the news media joked that a silver lining on the break-up of the traditional season-finale rivalry games was that the SEC now had a rare, de facto semifinal playoff round to go with its conference title game, because the winners of both the Auburn-LSU and Florida-Tennessee games would advance to the SEC's title game. LSU and Tennessee won that weekend.
