Career.
Roger Federer has a match win-loss record in the 2014 season. His record against players who were part of the ATP Rankings Top Ten at the time of their meetings is . The following list is ordered by number of wins:
Dan Hester
Nicholas Freeston was born in Kendal, Westmorland (now Cumbria) in August 1907 and moved with his family to Clayton-le-Moors, Lancashire, at the age of 8. One of ten children he started work in a cotton mill aged 12. According to a "Daily Mirror" profile of the poet from 1963, the first verse of one of his poems captured the challenges of his early life:

The Cardiff by-election of 1915 was held on 12 November 1915. The by-election was held due to the killed in action of the incumbent Conservative MP, Lord Ninian Crichton-Stuart. It was won by the Conservative candidate James Cory, who was unopposed.
Explosives transportation (P Vans).
A number of these vans were later retrofitted with long side doors; it is thought that this occurred around 1950.
<doc id="41519895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=41519895" title="List of Sheffield United F.C. players (25–99 appearances)">
Early beginnings.
Bailey was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2014 New Year Honours. She received abuse during and subsequent to her campaign, particularly through the Support Stafford Hospital Facebook page.
This is a list of Fellows of the Royal Society elected in 1993.
The single was in the UK charts for a total of three weeks, peaking at No. 41, making it T. Rex's lowest charting single during Bolan's lifetime.
Appeared as the closing track on the end credits for the Vince Vaughn film Delivery Man (2013).


Passionate Maher Cup poetry, penned by supporters, was printed in local newspapers, songs composed and fiction published. It was recorded on film by Karl Bounarder of Gundagai as early as 1923. Local newspapers swept up feelings of injustice and foul play. Radio station 2LF of Young broadcast games live into rural homes from 1938. The railways made good profits from supporters crammed into special trains for a day (and night) out.
It was previously known as Mereway Upper School which had an intake of 13 to 18 year olds. Due to school reorganisation in Northamptonshire in 2004 the school expanded its intake to 11 year olds to become a full secondary school, and it was renamed Mereway Community College. The school moved into a new building in 2008 and was renamed Abbeyfield School. In October 2012 the school converted to academy status sponsored by the Creative Education Academies Trust.


Curriculum.
Sangeetha Kalasikhamani or Sangita Kalasikhamani (Sanskrit: saṅgītakalāśikhāmaṇi) (sangeetha = music, kala = art, sikhamaṇi = A gem of a diadem or crest) is the title awarded yearly to an expert Carnatic Musician by the Indian Fine Arts Society, Chennai.




Al Khawalid however, were not happy with the result and held deep grudge against residents of Sitra who witnessed against them. On the night of 8 January 1924, they attacked Wadyan village in Sitra and the nearby Tubli village, killing several Baharnah men, women and children. Thousands of Baharnah reacted by staging protests for several days at the British Political Agency and sending petitions to Daly and Trevor. Shaikh Hamad was on a trip and his younger brother, Shaikh Mohammad acted on his behalf. Al Khawalid's guilt in the crime was established by witnesses accounts, but they left the country after refusing to appear before any court, except the Sharia court.
