Naseer Ahmad Nasir (Urdu: نصیر احمد ناصر) was an Islamic scholar and philosopher from Pakistan, born in 1910. He wrote a biography of Muhammad, "Paighambar e Azam O Aakhir".
Beresford Republic


The following films were in competition for the Golden Bear and Silver Bear awards:
In August 2012, Deputy Richard Cannon plead guilty to sexual battery and custodial sexual battery of two underaged girls. He was sentenced to thirty years in prison.
Maximus then allied himself with the Enclave, a band of human scientists who managed to capture Medusa. The Enclave wanted to conquer Attilan and dispatched an aerial strike force. When the Enclave threatened to execute Medusa, however, Maximus turned on them out of unrequited passion for his brother's betrothed. A weapon Maximus was manning overloaded, leaving Maximus in a deathlike coma. Black Bolt had his brother's body placed in a special crypt, and when Attilan was transported from the earth to the moon, Maximus accompanied it. On the moon, Maximus's mind made contact with an alien power crystal located there, and it reawakened his dormant mental powers. When Black Bolt next came to pay his respects to his brother, Maximus was able to use his power to affect a transfer of consciousness between them. For several months Maximus ruled Attilan in Black Bolt's body as Black Bolt lay imprisoned in a tube. Reestablishing contact with the Enclave, Maximus helped them implement meteoroid launchers with which they intended to bombard Earth. With the aid of the Avengers, Maximus' switch was discovered, and the Enclave's schemes were foiled. Maximus was forced to return to his rightful body and was once again placed in solitary confinement.
"Documents in the Case of Elizabeth Akeley", a 1982 sequel to "The Whisperer in Darkness" by Richard A. Lupoff, describes Akeley, inspired by the evangelist Aimee McPherson, starting a sect called the Spiritual Light Brotherhood and serving as its leader, the Radiant Father. After his death, his granddaughter Elizabeth Akeley took over the role.
The local golf course was designed by Matt Lauder, a professional golfer and nephew of Scottish comedian, Sir Harry Lauder.
11/19 – ShoMMA 12: Wilcox vs. Ribeiro
The Morgan Prize (actually Frank and Brennie Morgan Prize for Outstanding Research in Mathematics by an Undergraduate Student) is an annual award given to an undergraduate student in the US, Canada, or Mexico who demonstrates superior mathematics research. The $1,000 award, endowed by Mrs. Frank Morgan of Allentown, Pennsylvania, was founded in 1995. The award is made jointly by the American Mathematical Society, the Mathematical Association of America, and the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
John LaMountain.
