Wake Forest Historical Museum, also known as the Calvin Jones Historical House, was built in 1820 and was the residence of the first president of Wake Forest College and the center of activities that took place at the school. The museum displays the history of the town of Wake Forest as well as Wake Forest University. The house contains collections of photos, books, college publications, furniture, documents, professors’ writings, and medical, law and sports memorabilia.
Since the college was first formally integrated into the University structure in 1955, its Nonconformist aspects have gradually diminished. Until 2007, the United Reformed Church (URC) sponsored a course at Mansfield for training ordinands. These students became fully matriculated members of the University and received degrees. Mansfield no longer trains URC ordinands. 
In the south range, parts of the medieval buildings survive and are incorporated into staircase ten — the straight, steep flight of stairs and timber framed partitions date from a mid-15th century rebuilding of St Mary Hall. The former Chapel, Hall and Buttery of St Mary Hall, built in 1640, form part of the Junior Library and Junior Common Room. Viewed from the third quad, the Chapel, with its Gothic windows, can be seen to have been built neatly on top of the Hall, a unique example in Oxford of such a plan.
Benedicto benedicatur - "Let praise be given to the Blessed One"
Student life.
A small part of the Cotswolds and the National Trust site of Dyrham Park are also in the district. South of the motorways are suburbs of Bristol while areas north are rural areas. Some of the inner green belt has been taken away by developments like the new town of Bradley Stoke.
Posthumous editions:
The city of Medora is also home to the popular Medora Musical and the city has become one of the most popular tourist attractions in the state.
The median age in the city was 44.5 years. 28.8% of residents were under the age of 18; 0.0% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 21.2% were from 25 to 44; 24.3% were from 45 to 64; and 25.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 56.1% male and 43.9% female.
DIVE 95.9 FM - DIVE95.9FM KXBQ-LP is a local, non-profit, listener-supported independent radio station serving the Fargo-Moorhead metro area.

There were 117 households out of which 16.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were married couples living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 47.0% were non-families. 41.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 1.94 and the average family size was 2.65.
The first half of the 20th century saw steady growth and the development of new neighborhoods farther south and west of Downtown Grand Forks. The 1920s saw the construction of the state-owned North Dakota Mill and Elevator on the north side of the city. In 1954, Grand Forks was chosen as the site for an Air Force base. Grand Forks Air Force Base brought thousands of new jobs and residents to the community. The military base and the University of North Dakota would become integral pieces of the city's economy. The second half of the 20th century saw Grand Forks spreading further away from the older part of town. Interstate 29 was built on the western side of the city and two enclosed shopping malls – South Forks Plaza and Columbia Mall – were built on the south side.
The silhouette of the two Rainy Buttes near New England is a distinguishing symbol of the town.
The median income for a household in the city was $7,917, and the median income for a family was $20,625. Males had a median income of $0 versus $0 for females. The per capita income for the city was $5,408. There are 33.3% of families living below the poverty line and 69.2% of the population, including no under eighteens and none of those over 64.
