The fourth match was a Texas Bullrope match between Bass and Dillon. Immediately after the previous match, Dillon came into the ring, and attacked Bass. Bass fought back with the cowbell, but accidentally hit the referee. Bart came in, and performed a piledriver to Bass. Dillon then pinned him to win the match.
Two of the best middle blockers in NCAA history ended their careers as well. Stanford senior Foluke Akinradewo broke the NCAA Division I all time career hitting percentage, ending her career with a .443 overall percentage. Penn State senior Christa Harmotto finished her career second all time in NCAA history, hitting .433 for her career.
The gunfight.
The station was opened as part of the Kongsvinger Line in 1892. In 1906 it became the terminal station of Urskog–Høland Line, though the latter line closed in 1961. Today there is a heritage railway that operates from Sørumsand to Fossum.
"Kroonland" arrived at Newport News on 18 February with 2,805 passengers, including units from the U.S. 36th Infantry Division, after a rough trip from Saint-Nazaire. On her next voyage, she carried another 2,943 officers and men from Saint-Nazaire to Newport News, arriving there on 24 March. The 132nd Regiment of the 61st Field Artillery Brigade returned on the ship, and brigade historian Rex F. Harlow called "Kroonland" "probably the best vessel on which any units of the brigade returned to America".
Jesse J. Evans was believed to have been born in Missouri, although some historians believe he was born in Texas. He was half-Cherokee, and a graduate of Washington and Lee College in Virginia. It is unknown as to what caused Evans to go from a promising life to that of an outlaw. It is possibly due to a poor influence within his family structure, as he was arrested with both his mother and his father on June 26, 1871, in Elk City, Kansas, for passing counterfeit money. He was released shortly thereafter, and by 1872 he was in New Mexico. 
Nioro Cercle
The Midwest Hockey League (MWHL) was a short-lived proposed low level minor pro hockey league that was scheduled to begin play in the 2009-2010 season. The league administrative office was located in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Background.

The Village - view from the Paramunska Chuka
A later issue (#204) adapts Howard's "Drums of Tombalku."
Silver Spoons & Broken Bones is the debut album of the East Anglian band Stone Gods and was released on July 7, 2008 through Play It Again Sam. It is the band's first full-length album. Two of the songs, "Burn the Witch" and "You Brought a Knife to a Gunfight", were previously released on the limited edition "Burn the Witch EP".
Kyle fought against Steve Oliver at Xtreme MMA Australia 3 Kyle won via TKO due to punches in round one, winning the XMMA Light Heavyweight Championship.
Caesar's Rock
<doc id="17443415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17443415" title="Jace Lasek">
Acolyte.
<doc id="17444179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17444179" title="Pat Browne">
Law enforcement and judicial authorities of Russia and Azerbaijan cooperate as well. Signed in April 1996, the Agreement between the Russian Interior Ministry and the Interior Ministry of Azerbaijan on cooperation of internal affairs in border areas entered into force in 2001. Also there were the following agreements: Memorandum of mutual relations in the fight against terrorism (February 2000) and protocols on cooperation, a memorandum on cooperation between the Russian Interior Ministry and the Interior Ministry in the field of preservation of goods in transit (July 2008).
The church is approximately , and the nave roof reaches about . The apse arch is about .
Background.
__TOC__

In an effort to contribute greatly in the prevailing peace and order situation in the country, the Division sent combat units to Mindanao, particularly in Basilan and Jolo-Sulu area to bring an end to the terrorist Abu Sayyaf Group. After the 77th Infantry Battalion made a remarkable stint in the area from 1999-2001, it was replaced with the full-complement of the 53rd Division Reconnaissance Company last November 2006 to June 2007 and has significantly contributed in the hunt to destroy the notorious terrorist Abu Sayyaf Group.
Russians in Spain
Olivia Rossetti Agresti was born in London to William Michael Rossetti, one of the seven founding members of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and the editor of its literary magazine "The Germ". A granddaughter of Gabriele Rossetti and Ford Madox Brown, she was hence a niece of Maria Francesca Rossetti, Dante Gabriel Rossetti and Christina Rossetti, as well as a first cousin of Ford Madox Ford.


Rules.
<doc id="17450087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17450087" title="2005 Minnesota Swarm season">
Martín Perezlindo
Born in Bronx, N.Y., Orlofsky earned a bachelor's degree in 1965 from City College of New York and a law degree from Rutgers School of Law–Camden in 1974. He also served in the U.S. Army from 1966 until 1970, spending time in Vietnam.
The Gauliga replaced as such the "Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden", the highest league in the region until then, but also included two clubs from Württemberg which had been playing in the "Bezirksliga Südbayern" until then. In turn, two clubs which had been playing in the "Württemberg division" of the "Bezirksliga Württemberg-Baden" joined the new "Gauliga Baden".
Reversed cards.
<doc id="17452832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17452832" title="Bacolod City College">
After only a few months of operation on channel 50, the KVFD-TV tower and transmitter were struck by a tornado on the evening of May 4, 1977. Breen made plans to rebuild the transmission facilities, but he died in 1978 before any new construction began. Apparently, his heirs (or the executors of his estate) chose not to pursue his rebuilding plans, since the station's callsign was deleted by the FCC in 1981. The building previously used by KVFD-TV was later sold to Iowa Central Community College.
<doc id="17453832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17453832" title="Penitent Sisters of Our Lady of Fatima">
These coastal islands were renamed in 1882 by W. H. Dall, USC&GS. Russian Captain Litke (1836) had named Walrus Island as "Volchie," meaning "wolf," in 1836. This name is now applied to the eastern tip of this feature.
Not wanted by the Bulldogs for 1999, Mears moved into the bush and played for the Ourimbah Magpies in the Country Rugby League Central Coast Division. His form was good enough to make the Country Firsts team for the curtain raiser to the ANZAC Test, where his performance got him noticed by several NRL clubs.
Sands of Time EP is the debut EP by the Australian power metal band Black Majesty.
<doc id="17455115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17455115" title="L'anello di Siva">
North Adams.
Thanks to the indifferent form of Karnataka's top-order, most of his runs have come in fire-fighting causes, yet they have been scored at an exceptional strike-rate of 83.55, and have included 14 sixes the most by a single player in the season. 
BYD grew quickly; within ten years capturing more than half the world's mobile-phone battery market and becoming the largest Chinese manufacturer (and in the top four worldwide) of all types of rechargeable batteries. Replacing work done by machines with cheap, local labor lowered costs, and the company began expanding beyond batteries, adding automobiles and mobile phone components.
1914–1939: McClendon worked at Physiological Laboratory of the University of Minnesota Medical School, Minneapolis (1920–1939—he was Professor of Physiological Chemistry). In the Laboratory McClendon realized some pioneer researches: Low iodine-goiter relationship; Micromanipulation—Frog egg development and others.
Genetic relationship may refer to:
On account of his skill in architecture he was made imperial architect by Emperor Henry III and, as such, supervised the construction of numerous castles and churches in the empire. When the Rhine, which flowed close to the Cathedral of Speyer, threatened to undermine its foundations, Benno saved the structure by changing the course of the river.
