Troop 12 was a "colored troop" formed in 1925 during the period when Scout units were segregated and, with Troop 9, was one of the two colored troops in Waterloo formed by James Lincoln Page. Cunningham was the first Scout in either of the Waterloo colored troops to earn Eagle Scout on June 8, 1926.
Life and writing career.

The Carnegie Community Centre is owned by the City of Vancouver and is funded by the Social Planning Department. It is open 9 a.m. to 11 p.m., seven days per week and every day of the year. 
<doc id="7197648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7197648" title="Theppothsava">
<doc id="7197889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7197889" title="Aliaksandr Parkhomenka">
The bank was primarily concentrated around Eastern Norway where the original five banks had branches in Akershus, Buskerud, Oslo, Vestfold and Østfold in addition to offices in Bergen, Bodø, Kristiansand, Tromsø, Trondheim and Vadsø in addition to Luxembourg.
Goldspot is a New York-based band first introduced by tastemaker DJ Nic Harcourt on his morning show, KCRW's "Morning Becomes Eclectic". The Sunday Times UK hailed Goldspot as "the best band to come out of America in years". Founded by singer/songwriter/producer and television & film composer Siddhartha Khosla, the group has since received critical acclaim for its debut album "Tally of the Yes Men" (Tally), sophomore release "And The Elephant is Dancing," and its most recent release "Aerogramme." HITS Magazine named Goldspot "Ones to Watch in 2010". The band released their third full-length "Aerogramme" on August 20, 2013. Goldspot's Siddhartha Khosla and guitarist Jake Owen appeared as the musical guest for First Lady Michelle Obama's Diwali celebration at the White House on November 5, 2013. "Aerogramme" was named by Los Angeles Times Music Editor Lorraine Ali as the #1 album of 2013. In 2014, Goldspot earned its second Vh1 India nomination for "Best Global Indian." The band's first nomination was in 2009—for "Best International Act."
<doc id="7198862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7198862" title="Ring I">
Nathaniel Borden (September 22, 1932 – September 30, 1992) was a professional American football defensive end in the National Football League and the American Football League.
Carol Fellowes, 4th Baron Ailwyn

Once the "Hanson" arrived at Subic Bay, decisions were made to add some armament to protect the ship from hazards in the Tonkin Gulf. Mainly, two M2 50 Cal machine guns mounted on the bridge wings (for IBGB's armed with rockets) and a TAD (Temporary Assigned Duty) Navy Seal (SA W. Allen) trained & armed with shoulder launched Redeye missiles, an early version of modern stinger missiles. The "Hanson" had no reliable way to ward off MIG attacks and a lone Navy Seal would be that defense. This added precaution arose primarily due to an event on 19 April: The Battle of Đồng Hới.
In 2007 the San Joaquin Media Group, as part of its diversification efforts, launched 209vibe and SJCrime.com.
(Portrayed by Marina Sirtis) Gretchen is a neighbor of Lisa, Rose, and Max, and a painter. She is often hired as a guardian to Rose when Max or Lisa are busy. Gretchen appears to be friends with Max, and is killed by Kayako in her apartment when she was painting a picture of Rose, when Kayako came out of one of her paintings, crawled to Gretchen, and gouged her eyes out, then ripped off her jaw. Her body was later found by Max and taken away by paramedics. Gretchen's death triggers Max's possession.
On May 4, Olds destroyed another MiG-21 over Phúc Yên. Two weeks later, he destroyed two MiG-17s, bringing his total to 16 confirmed kills (12 in World War II and four in Vietnam), making him a triple ace. Olds states that following the shoot down of his fourth MiG, he intentionally avoided shooting down a fifth, even though he had at least ten opportunities to do so, because he had learned in the middle of June that Seventh Air Force, at the direction of Secretary of the Air Force Harold Brown, would immediately relieve him of command to return to the United States as a publicity asset.
Karen Bahnsen
