Upon his promotion to Vice Admiral in 2009, he assumed Chief of Communications, Electronics & Information Systems Directorate in the Turkish General Staff Headquarters from 2009 to 2010. He subsequently commanded Naval Training and Education Command until August 2011 and Northern Sea Area Command from August 2011 to January 2013. He was assigned to the Turkish Fleet as the Commander in January 2013.
In 1948, Dario Soria established the Cetra-Soria label to press and distribute opera recordings from the Italian Cetra label in the United States. Taking advantage of what was available in Italy, the label distributed rarely performed operas in America for the first time. At Soria's insistence, Cetra-Soria releases included both complete Italian librettos and English translations, setting the standard to which fans of recorded opera are now accustomed.
Rosa Elena Bonilla
When a corporation takes interest in Lisa's initiative to drive genetically modified foods home, little does Lisa and her family know that Sideshow Bob is the chief scientist behind it all. Once Bob recounts how he became a test subject so that monkeys were not injured too much, he tries to rekindle his relationship with the Simpsons. Lisa, especially connects with Bob through their mutual love of Walt Whitman, and Bob notes that Lisa was always the best family member out of the Simpson clan. Meanwhile, Marge returns to giving her sex talk to teenagers, but this time she prepares with finger puppets. While the teenagers snicker, Marge fails miserably to get her point across about sex. Elsewhere, Lisa enjoys Bob's company despite Homer's usage of the Bunsen burner to toast the rest of the marshmallows since he already ate all the chocolates. At home, Homer tries to squeeze in some alone time with Marge, yet an angry Marge decides to use Homer as an example for her sex education class. Marge brings Homer to church to tell her class that she has abstained from sex with her partner for two days. The mere image of Homer and Marge touching each other gives the teenagers enough reason to pledge to wait until marriage for sex.

Samir Khuller is a Professor of computer science, Professor and Chair of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Maryland, and author of many peer-reviewed publications.
