KM3NeT will search for neutrinos from distant astrophysical sources like supernova remnants, gamma-ray bursts, supernovae or colliding stars and will be a powerful tool in the search for dark matter in the universe. Its prime objective is to detect neutrinos from sources in our Galaxy. Arrays of thousands of optical sensor modules will detect the faint light in the deep sea from charged particles originating from collisions of the neutrinos and the water or rock in the vicinity of the detector. The research infrastructure will also house instrumentation for other sciences like marine biology, oceanography and geophysics for long term and on-line monitoring of the deep sea environment and the sea bottom at depth of several kilometres.
There is a castle in the center of the city they called " SPI hasar".

Dublin's transit system currently utilises electrified suburban trains, diesel commuter rail, trams and an extensive bus network to provide service to the population of the Greater Dublin Area.

<doc id="10022194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10022194" title="Whatton in the Vale">
Titles
Although the Federation Council was contested on a non-party basis, 11 were members of the Communist Party, six were members of Russia's Choice and nine were members of other parties.
Recreation Centre, Bridgend, Wales, United Kingdom L PTS 4 4x3 
<doc id="10023449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10023449" title="Jody Campbell">

The use of trench drains in construction began with the commission by the British Airports Authority of a company called Gatic. Airports were in need of a form of trench drainage with fewer movable parts and less tendency to collapse under heavy traffic than the traditional drainage gratings. Gatic designed and engineered the first stainless steel slot drain, and it was installed first at Stanstead Airport in the UK, following which it was specified at Britain’s most famous airport – Heathrow. These airports continue to use stainless steel slot drainage both airside and landside for surface water drainage requirements.
Joseph Francis Stewart

The Police Tribunal of New South Wales was a tribunal established in New South Wales, a state of Australia to deal with allegations of misconduct by New South Wales Police. It was established in 1990 and abolished in 1998.
The Chicago Short Line was incorporated in 1900 and leased four miles (6 km) of yard and sidings from the adjacent Iroquois Iron Company. By 1919, C&CC&DC owned and operated a whopping of tracks. until 1906, the railroad interchanged traffic connections in the South Chicago District through trackage-rights agreements with the B & O.
Ernesto Padilla
Santa Cruz/Graciosa Bay/Luova Airport is an airport serving Santa Cruz Islands, Graciosa Bay, and Luova in the Solomon Islands .
Westbank 
2010–2013.
Scahill has been an advocate for imprisoned Yemeni journalist Abdulelah Haider Shaye. Scahill's March 13, 2012 article in "The Nation" states that President Obama leaned on Yemen to keep Shaye in jail because of his reporting on the 2009 Al Ma`jalah bombings—Shaye described remnants of U.S. Tomahawk missiles, although the United States initially denied involvement. Subsequent English-language reports on the issue have relied on Scahill's journalism.
Gardner joined the Nine Network in July 2002 to present weather on "National Nine News" in Sydney, and to present afternoon updates. In 2004, the Nine Network added a semi-national news bulletin at 4.30 pm, "National Nine News Afternoon Edition", for which Gardner was the original presenter.

Meanwhile, the illiterate Huineng heard the monks chanting this verse and asked about it. When told the story of Hongren's contest, Huineng asked a monk to take him to the wall where Shenxiu's verse was written. There he asked someone to write his own verse. Huineng's verse read
Influential movie heralding renewed interest in pre-modern swordsmanship were "Excalibur" (1981) and "Highlander" (1986). Lightsaber combat in the "Star Wars" films takes some elements from kendo, and The Lord of the Rings film trilogy employs some elements of historical fencing.
Garçon [garsɔ̃] is the French word for "boy". In English, and various other languages, it was adopted in the specific meaning of a (male, usually young) waiter, especially of low rank in a larger establishment, who serves customers food and/or drinks. However, in France, it is considered rude to address a waiter as "garçon"; rather, one addresses the waiter as "monsieur".
Georgia Taylor
Yashchenko played football in the Soviet Top League for CSKA Moscow and Shakhtar. He became head coach of Ukrainian side FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhya in 2006 and guided them to the first round of the UEFA Cup and a 2-1 aggregate defeat to Panathinaikos FC. He left Zaporizhzhya in April 2007 and took up a position as reserve team coach at FC Metalurh Donetsk. Following the resignation of Jos Daerden as Metalurh head coach in early December 2007, Yashchenko assumed caretaker manager duties at the club before becoming the permanent manager two weeks later.
Following The Geneva Association Board Meeting in January 2009, a special high-level working group was set up to track the G-20 activities and negotiations: the Market Stability Working Group. The Market Stability Working Group united leading experts from some of the most prominent international insurance groups, including Allianz, Aviva, AXA, Generali, ING, Prudential Financial, Prudential plc, Munich Re, SCOR, Swiss Re, Tokio Marine, and Zurich Financial.
The 'Spartan' is an apple cultivar developed by Dr. R.C Palmer and introduced in 1936 from the Federal Agriculture Research Station in Summerland, British Columbia, now known as the Pacific Agri-food Research Centre - Summerland. The 'Spartan' is notable for being the first new breed of apple produced from a formal scientific breeding program. The apple was supposed to be a cross between two North American varieties, the 'McIntosh' and the 'Newtown Pippin', but recently, genetic analysis showed the 'Newtown Pippin' was not one of the parents and its identity remains a mystery. The 'Spartan' apple is considered a good all-purpose apple.

The book also won the PEN/Hemingway Award for best first novel.


Minor.
In 1850 Ehningen had three Catholic and 1634 Protestant inhabitants, who lived and worked in 308 primary and 88 outbuildings. Until World War II Ehningen had about 2,000 inhabitants, a figure that steadily increased to just over 7,000 by 2000. 
The Office of EERE is led by the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, who is appointed by the President and confirmed by the U.S. Senate. The Office manages ten major programs, each of which is responsible for research, development, and outreach in a particular field of renewable energy or energy efficiency. 
Post-Civil War.
Playing career.

Prelude was first launched in 1976, renamed from Pye International Records, a US division of UK-based Pye Records which had begun in 1974. The name was derived from the music group Prelude which had recorded for Pye at the time. At the outset, Prelude's LP and 45 catalogue numbers were the same as had begun under Pye (US), with the prefix changed from PYE- to PRL-. For a very short period at the start, Pye's then-parent, ATV Music, owned Prelude.
The name can refer to:
<doc id="10035866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10035866" title="Krzysztof Komosa">
Geography.
The Autonomous Regions of Azores and Madeira each have a gazette, the "Jornal Oficial da Região Autónoma dos Açores" (JORAA) and "Jornal Oficial da Região Autónoma da Madeira" (JORAM). These are also available online, but in the case of "JORAM" only the printed version is considered authentic.
