If "X" is an affine algebraic set (irreducible or not) then the Zariski topology on it is defined simply to be the subspace topology induced by its inclusion into some formula_2 Equivalently, it can be checked that:
Midwest Division 
The album debuted on the "Billboard" 200 chart for the week ending 14 June 2003 at number 1, with sales of 154,000 copies. It remained on the chart for 16 weeks. It was certified gold and platinum by the RIAA on 30 June 2003. The album became the first Led Zeppelin album since 1979's "In Through the Out Door" to reach the No. 1 position. "How the West Was Won" received an overall score of 97 by review site "Metacritic".

Freyberg gained promotion to the rank of temporary brigadier-general (although he still had the permanent rank of only captain) and took command of a brigade in the 58th Division in April 1917, which reportedly made him the youngest general officer in the British Army. He was awarded a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George the same year. In September a shell exploding at his feet inflicted the worst of his many wounds. When he resumed duty in January 1918 he again commanded 88th Brigade in 29th Division, performing with distinction during the German offensive of March–April 1918. He won a bar to his DSO in September that year.
Specifications.
Proof that conservation does work, some species have returned home for continuation of programmes to reintroduce them to their own environment
For any open system, the full mass balance must be taken into account: "IN - OUT + GENERATION - CONSUMPTION = ACCUMULATION"
Territorial waters.
An endoparasitic nematode ("Torquatoides balanocephala") sometimes infects their gizzard.
In 1953 Williams was awarded a Tony Award for Best Supporting or Featured Actor (Dramatic) for his role as Chief Inspector Hubbard in "Dial M for Murder" on Broadway. When Alfred Hitchcock took over the script to make a film of the play in 1954, he cast Williams in the same role. He also appeared in Hitchcock's "The Paradine Case" with Gregory Peck as a barrister, and as an insurance company representative in "To Catch a Thief" with Cary Grant and Grace Kelly.
Additional images.
The collection contains sculpture from archaic to Hellenistic ages as well as artwork from Greek and Roman antiquity: architecture, sculptures, inscriptions, mosaics, bronzes, jewelry and pottery.
Other versions.
In modern translation:
Carlos "Panama" Lewis (born November 4, 1945) is a boxing trainer who achieved his greatest notoriety in the 1980s.
This unelected Council frequently vetoes bills passed by the popularly-elected legislature. It repeatedly vetoes bills in favor of women’s rights, electoral reform, the prohibition of torture and ratification of international human rights treaties.
Mikhail Tal's chronic kidney problems contributed to his defeat in his 1961 return match with Botvinnik, and his doctors in Riga advised that he should postpone the match for health reasons. Averbakh claimed that Botvinnik would agree to a postponement only if Tal was certified unfit by "Moscow" doctors, and that Tal then decided to play.
2006 debate over veils.
The River may refer to:
