In later centuries the Apafi family (Hungarian nobles in Transylvania) buried their dead in the church since they had overlordship in the village, but the sarcophagi were removed (one of Mihaly Apafi is now in Budapest's Hungarian National Museum). The locality was not part of the autonomous Saxon territory, although until the 1970s it was populated by Germans.

He served as Deputy Opposition Leader and was Opposition Leader at the time of Campbell Newman's election as Lord Mayor in 2004. Quirk was elected as Deputy Liberal Leader to Campbell Newman and was appointed to the role of Chairman of Transport and Major Projects (later known as Roads, TransApex and Traffic). In this role he administered one-third of the Council's total budget expenditure for the implementation of TransApex, the road network and traffic management. 
Arrival of Russian reinforcements.
The French government ministries and museums refused to let Feliciano see their records and kept stalling until he was finally permitted to gain access through information requests lodged by the victims' families. Feliciano also had the help of someone from the Ministry of Culture who secretly provided him with documents sent from the Ministry of Culture to the Ministry of Justice which proved that the French museums mingled looted works with their collections. Feliciano had befriended a 92-year-old art dealer by the name of Alfred Daber who remembered all the wartime gossip in regard to the dealings that went on with the looted art. During his investigations Feliciano went to Washington, D.C. to work in the United States National Archives and discovered that Daber himself had been dealing in looted art.
Christopher González died of cancer on 2 August 2008, in Cornwall Regional Hospital in Montego Bay, Jamaica, at the age of 65. He was survived by his wife, Champayne Clarke-Gonzalez, and six children Chinyere, Odiaka, Asha, Christina, Abenah, and Nailah Gonzalez.
Hennessy lived at 11 Rahilly Street, Cobh (formerly King Street)
Light locomotives mainly used diesel motors (originally classified as "Kö/Köf/Köe" by the DRG), as their source of energy, but there were also versions with Benzolmotors, designated as "Kb/Kbf/Kbe", and with electrical batteries (accumulator cars: "Ks/Ka"), as well as one locomotive with a steam engine. The third letter indicated the type of power transmission. If there wasn't one, the locomotive had a gear system. An "f" stood for an hydraulic drive and an "e" for electric traction motors, that were fed by a generator. Köf, therefore, stood for a light locomotive ("Kleinlok") with diesel ("Öl-(Diesel-)Motor") engine and hydraulic transmission ("Flüssigkeitsgetriebe").
Antonio Landeta y Álvarez-Valdés

