Finlay-McLennan made his television debut in an episode of "Jake and the Fatman" in 1989. From 1994 to 1995, he played "Dr. Neil MacNeill" on the CBS television series, "Christy". He played the role of Powell in the film "National Treasure". His last role is Brogan Kai in the movie "The Last Sin Eater".
Clem Michael
Early developments.
He won the title Best Player in Egypt for 2007 the fourth successive time after 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007 setting a new Egyptian record.
The mansion is attributed to Major Thomas Lewinski and is the embodiment of numerous Minard Lafever design elements from his 1829 and 1835 pattern books. It was built by Taylor Buffington, measures and , four stories, with a , central corridor on three floors. There are three rooms on each side of the centnral corridor, with the exception of the area set aside for the nautilus-chambered double elliptical staircase which rises three floors. 
Hsinchu American School
Homestead Records was a United States based record label of the 1920s and early 1930s. The first pressings were produced by the Regal Record Company and drew on the same material as Regal, Banner and related labels. Pressings were made by the Scranton Button Company. When Regal became part of the ARC merger, Homestead records were continued under the ARC umbrella of labels. In 1930, Crown supplied masters as well.
Pennington grew up in Gary, Indiana. He began his career in law enforcement in 1968 as an officer in the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia, where he was eventually promoted to Assistant Chief. In 1994, he was hired as Superintendent in New Orleans, and was credited with major improvements in what had been a poorly regarded and corruption-ridden police department. In fact, conditions in the department were so bad before Pennington arrived, the U.S. Justice Department was threatening to move in and take over the city's law enforcement.
Interpolation (computer graphics)
Gordon Thomas is a singer/songwriter/jazz trombonist from New York City who recorded a series of self-financed albums of his own optimistically idiosyncratic music, which he often gave away for free. 
<doc id="8482582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8482582" title="May Bank (ward)">
Co-operative Society.
In March 2010, planning permission for Phase 2 of the Kidbrooke Regeneration was approved by Greenwich Council.
The Starfish and the Spider
The ward contains a large number of Cardiff's landmarks including:
"Haynt" later requited by financing Carlebach's extensive expeditions. He explored Jewish communities all over Europe and the Mediterranean, covering communities like the Lithuanian Karaites, Sephardi Jews of Thessaloniki (to be later almost completely extinguished by the Nazi occupants), Maghrebian Mizrahi Jews, Yemenite Teimanim, and the crypto-Jewish Dönmeh (Sabbateans) in Turkey as well as Mallorquin Conversos, some of whom he detected while travelling. Carlebach sent regular reports to "Haynt", which later became the basis for a book. He also wrote a series of articles describing his travels through Germany, including an encounter with an anti-Semitic gang which left him severely beaten. 
A video game based on the film was released on September 18, 2006, for PlayStation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, Nintendo Gamecube, Game Boy Advance, PlayStation Portable, and Microsoft Windows. For Wii, it was released on November 19, 2006, together with the console's launch.
Dr. Dankwort rejoined the West German diplomatic corps in 1950 and was assigned as Consul General and then Ambassador to Canada in 1951, effectively restoring Germany’s relations with Canada after the war. From 1956 to 1958, he served as German Ambassador to Brazil, and finally as the West German Observer to the United Nations from 1958 to 1960. He died on December 19, 1986 in Hyannis, Massachusetts.
Six friends come together to try to find fame and fortune by making the world’s most innocent adult movie ever made. Although they have literally no idea what they’re doing, they keep at it and are determined to accomplish their goal...no matter what gets in the way. After the clueless crew ultimately "does" make a porno, they screen it for the first time at the local bar. The brother of a girl whose scene ultimately was not used sees her featured briefly while looking through the bar window; he angrily barges in takes the reel off the projector, covers it in whiskey and sets it aflame. It is revealed that this was the only print they had, all their work was now destroyed. However, the cinematographer had been taping the entire production process on mini DV tapes. He then edits these down into a completely innocent documentary about the trials and tribulations of making (and then losing) their porn film. The movie he cuts together from the DV tapes is the actual film "The Amateurs" itself. "The Amateurs" becomes a hit within the independent film community, which brings fame and fortune to the group.

Theatre entrepreneurs.
The land either side of the River Bourne below the Lake and west of Virginia Water railway station is owned by Runnymede Borough Council as trustees of the Cabrera Trust, named after Spanish noble Ramòn Cabrera who owned and developed a wide landscape at Wentworth. 
The 1936 Democratic National Convention was held in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from June 23 to 27, 1936. The convention resulted in the nomination of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Vice President John N. Garner for reelection.
Joachim Rønning is a Norwegian film director who usually works in a team with Espen Sandberg – both natives of Sandefjord, Norway. As a directing team, they go under the name of Roenberg (a combination of their surnames). They co-own one of Scandinavia's largest production companies for commercials called Motion Blur. In 2006 their feature film debut, "Bandidas", starring Penélope Cruz and Salma Hayek, was released worldwide through EuropaCorp and Twentieth Century Fox. The film was written and produced by French filmmaker Luc Besson.
<doc id="8487027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8487027" title="Silver sonic trombone">

Repatriation.
