In May 2013, Mark Bridger was convicted of the murder of April Jones, a five-year-old girl from Machynlleth, Powys, Wales, who disappeared on 1 October 2012. At his trial, Bridger claimed to have run her down in his car and killed her by accident, and to have no memory of what he did with her body after drinking heavily. The jury rejected his version of events, as bone fragments and blood discovered in Bridger's house within days of her disappearance were matched to the DNA of April Jones. The body of April Jones was not found despite the largest missing person search in UK history. Bridger claimed in court that April's DNA was found in his house as he had held her body there before disposing of it.
Zealotry, described by Josephus as one of the "four sects" of Judaism during his time, was a political movement in first century Judaism which sought to incite the people of Iudaea Province to rebel against the Roman Empire and expel it from the holy land by force of arms, most notably during the Great Jewish Revolt (66-70 CE).
Abbott House
Josh Appignanesi (born 1975) is a British film director, producer, and screenwriter. 
Vinyl bromide
Head coaches: Chung Hyungkyun
Colonel Freckles
Original building.

Nancho Novo (A Coruña, 17 September 1958) is a Galician actor. He studied Medicine at Universidad de Santiago de Compostela, but stopped halfway in order to move to Madrid, where he studied acting at the "Real Escuela de Arte Dramático y Danza". He also is a singer, songwriter and guitar player in the rock band "Los castigados sin postre".
In 2006, Capristo decided to participate in the German television show "Popstars" on the ProSieben network. At the finale, the audience chose Capristo via televoting to become the final member of the girl band trio Monrose alongside Senna Guemmour and Bahar Kızıl. The group's debut single "Shame" peaked at number one on the German Singles Chart and became one of the best-selling singles of the year, resulting in a sales total of 200,000 copies Europe-wide. The group released their debut album "Temptation" in December 2006, which debuted on the charts at number one and was certified two times platinum by Media Control Charts in 2007. Since 2006, the girl group released four studio albums, "Temptation", "Strictly Physical", "I Am" and "Ladylike" which entered the charts in the Top 10. Their singles "Shame" and "Hot Summer" have charted at number one. Overall, they released eleven singles, which seven of eleven reached the Top 10 in the German Charts. In 2008, they won their first Comet Award for Best Single with "'Hot Summer" and in 2009 for the best band. The group has sold almost two million copies worldwide. Monrose have become one of the most successful girl groups in Germany.
The Calosoma sycophanta or forest caterpillar hunter is a large, bright green, metallic ground beetle that is native to Europe. In 1905 it was imported to New England for control of the gypsy moth. The species is a voracious consumer of caterpillars during both its larval stage and as an adult.

The Praia Formosa is a beach on the Portuguese island of Madeira. It is also the fashion district of Funchal where it is one of Europe's most visited summer locations.
Games of the Small States of Europe; in 1999, 2001 and 2003.
Olson, aged 22 at his death, was buried in Paynesville Cemetery, Paynesville, Minnesota.
<doc id="11982748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11982748" title="Gennady Kuzmin">
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, ', was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the "Billboard" Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled '.
In 2009 Rai was appointed as the first Goodwill Ambassador of Smile Train, an international charity that provides free Cleft lip and palate surgery to children in need. Her work with Smile Train will focus not only on India, but on 76 different developing countries around the world.
Marino opened two restaurants in South Florida called Dan Marino's Town Tavern, with one location in Coral Springs and one on Las Olas Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale. The name changed around 2005 to Dan Marino's Fine Food and Spirits. By 2006, both original locations had closed and the restaurant opened other locations in Miami, St. Petersburg, Las Vegas and Orlando. As of late 2010, the Miami and Las Vegas stores remain in service.
He reached his first singles quarterfinal of the season at Buenos Aires, losing to top seed David Ferrer in straight sets (whilst winning the doubles alongside Bolelli). The next week, Fognini achieved a career-best performance at ATP 500 events with a semifinals showing in Acapulco, defeating Stanislas Wawrinka along the way and again losing to Ferrer (but this time taking a set). Just over a week later, Fognini set up a clash with World No. 1 Novak Djokovic, after defeating Aljaž Bedene for the second time in three weeks to reach the second round of the Indian Wells Masters. After being bagelled in the first, Fognini wildly celebrated upon winning his first game in the second, heroically taking the set from 2–4 down. He subsequently lost the third. In Miami, Fognini was seeded at a Masters event for the first time in his career, earning a bye to the second round. He defeated Michaël Llodra, and lost to Ferrer again in the third round.
Swan, Marion. Troop 1500 Documentary on Texas Girl Scout Council Premieres at South By Southwest Film Festival. Official Website of the Girls Scouts of the USA. 2005-3-3. Retrieved 2007-6-22.
Mauritania.
<doc id="11985029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11985029" title="WELP">
According to their family tradition the Tagores trace their descent from Rarheya Brahmins of Shandilya clan from Kanauj who settled in the region situated on the right bank of river Hooghly(Rarh) in the eighth century A.D. Bhattanarayana was a Brahmin of this clan who was an established Saskrit
The Age of Kali: Patna, 1997.
