The following are the species included under "Colchicum". Many species previously classified under "Androcymbium", "Bulbocodium" and "Merendera" were synonymized under "Colchicum" based on molecular genetic evidence, "Androcymbium" is currently considered a separate genus.
At 19, Crosby's manager/ex-girlfriend Sakina Sati took him to New York, along with ex-members Daniel Alva and Stephen Garver, for the purpose of shopping his demo tapes through Shiva Baum, former manager for Opiate for the Masses, and a bidding war broke out; he then signed with Elektra. Two albums were released by Elektra - "Visual Audio Sensory Theater" in 1998 and "Music For People" in 2000. In 2002, however, Crosby left the label. 2003 saw him break new ground when he released two digital download albums, "Turquoise 3.x" and "Crimson 3.x". He then moved on to Carson Daly's 456 Entertainment, where "Nude" was released in 2004.
Kelly's work with Dell continued well into the successful run of the newspaper strip in the early 1950s, ending after 16 issues of "Pogo Possum" (each with all-new material) in a dispute over the republication of Kelly's early Pogo and Albert stories in a comic book titled "The Pogo Parade".
Legacy and symbolism.
IBM 701
Background.
Publications.
Sotho:
On October 20, 2007, "The Globe and Mail" reported that it had seen classified American documents revealing evidence on which the United States acted: "Maher Arar's denials that he ever went to Afghanistan are contradicted by a man convicted of immigration fraud and a self-confessed "mujahedeen" instructor who says he spotted him there in the early 1990s..." The newspaper stated that the informant, Mohamed Kamal Elzahabi, also faced charges of lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and that "his credibility is very much at issue." It added that, even crediting his description of his acquaintance with Arar, "the encounter appears to have been, at most, fleeting."

U.P. Diliman has a total land area of . Much of this property is utilized by the university in the form of infrastructure and research facilities, while the remaining area is forested, reserved for development and residential use, or unoccupied.
Morphology and terminology.
On 27 April 2014, Torquay were relegated to the Conference Premier despite beating Mansfield Town 3–1, after both Bristol Rovers and Northampton Town won their games.
Family structures of one married couple and their children were present in Western Europe and New England in the 17th century, influenced by church and theocratic governments. With the emergence of proto-industrialization and early capitalism, the nuclear family became a financially viable social unit. The term "nuclear family" first appeared in the early twentieth century. Alternative definitions have evolved to include family units headed by same-sex parents, and perhaps additional adult relatives who take on a cohabiting parental role; in this latter case it also receives the name of conjugal family.
He married in 1862 the daughter of François Buloz, founder and director of the world-wide famous Revue des Deux Mondes, a monument of the Romantic literature era, which he soon became co-director.

Private railway
