
LiveCode project files are binary-compatible across platforms. They inherit each platform's look-and-feel and behaviors. Buttons, scroll bars, progress bars and menus behave as expected on the target platform without any intervention on the part of the one authoring a LiveCode application.
Dala-Järna IK is a Swedish football club located in Dala Järna in Vansbro Municipality, Dalarna County.
The sport of association football in Guadeloupe is administered by the Ligue Guadeloupéenne de Football. The association administers the national football team, as well as the Guadeloupe Division d'Honneur. Guadeloupe is not a member of FIFA.
Design.
Sportsman.

In 1960, Robert "Junior" Johnson won, despite running a slower, year-old car in a field of 68 cars, most in Daytona 500 history through the present day. Johnson made use of the draft, then a little-understood phenomenon, to keep up with the leaders.
Church and State.
Spassky District is one of the leading agricultural regions of the krai. Due to the unique microclimate of the Prikhankayskaya Flatland, vegetables, fruits, and berries ripen here earlier than elsewhere in the krai.
爱, 频率 is the first Mandarin EP of South Korean singer Kangta, physically released September 14. "爱, 频率 (Breaka Shaka)" was digitally released September 13. It is Kangta's first album after his military activities. 

The University Center of North Puget Sound at a Glance 2010-2011 Student Headcount:
Exhibition area.
Rick Wilber is an American author, poet, and editor. He has published more than thirty-five short stories in magazines such as "Aboriginal SF", "Analog", "Asimov's Science Fiction", "Fantasy & Science Fiction", "Pulphouse", and "SF Age"; and in anthologies such as "Alien Sex" and "Chrysalis". In addition to his short stories, he has written the novels "Rum Point" and "The Cold Road", as well as a memoir, "My Father's Game: Life, Death, Baseball", and several textbooks, including "Modern Media Writing" and "Magazine Feature Writing".
On 2 September, Agar was deposed as governor on the orders of President Omar al-Bashir. He fled to the southern part of the state and is reportedly planning a counterattack. He has warned that the Sudan–SPLM conflict may ignite a wider Sudanese civil war.
