<doc id="38840984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38840984" title="Kirumampakkam">
Muffy Calder OBE FRSE (née Thomas) is a Scottish computer scientist, Professor of Formal Methods in the School of Computing Science at the University of Glasgow, and Chief Scientific Advisor to the Scottish Government.
<doc id="38841817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38841817" title="2013 LKL All-Star Game">
In 1848 when Cyrus was 45 years old he began building a Greek inspired farmhouse. He hired a man from New York City named Charles Yarrington to build it. By the standards of the day and Cyrus' rural location, the style of the house would be considered quite extravagant and over-done for a stick frame farmhouse. In fact, the locals feeling somewhat miffed by Cyrus' use of an out of town builder, called the new house "Gates' white elephant." Construction on the building commenced in January of 1848. Great x2 Granddaughter of Cyrus-Louis Gates-Gunsalus says that the house was completed enough to be lived in by the end of that year. The inside carpentry and other finish work of the house would not be completed until 1851.
Molina graduated cum laude from Florida State University in 2008, where she earned a Bachelor of Science degree in meteorology. Molina has also earned the Certified Broadcast Meteorologist (CBM) designation from the American Meteorological Society (AMS).
Garry Hoolickin

After his performance at the 2013 BET Awards, Brown announced that the third single from the album would be "Love More" featuring Nicki Minaj. On July 19, he would release its cover art. On July 16, the song was released for digital download and a week later, the song was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio. The music video for the single was filmed on August 2, 2013 in Los Angeles, California., with apparently 60 of Brown's backup dancers. It was later released on August 17, 2013. The song has since peaked at number 23 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
In December 2007 Gutierrez was arrested in Paraguay when he was caught with 20 kilos of cocaine at the port of Mariano Roque Alonso, just North of the capital city of Asunción. In November 2008 Gutierrez was killed during a prison riot along with two of his henchmen at the Tacumbu Prison in Asuncion Paraguay. It is suspected that the riot was orchestrated and financed by someone outside of the prison for the sole purpose of killing Gutierrez.
William Northrop was born in Charlotte, North Carolina where he attended public schools. In 9th grade, he attended a New England Prep School for one year, but returned to North Carolina for high school. He was sent to Oak Ridge Military Institute (Class of 1962) and from there to The Citadel (Class of 1966) where he studied History.
Automobiles accompanied horse carriages in Pullman by 1912. The high traffic streets were used by both automobiles and horses, which required the streets to be surfaced. The Pullman Chamber of Commerce played an early role in establishing the importance of paved streets by forming the Pullman Good Roads Committee in 1911. The Pullman Good Roads Committee immediately began formation of a plan to pave a route to be determined from the preexisting streets from the city to the college. The properties adjacent to the roads paved would be responsible to pay taxes and in addition, the college and community businesses would help fund the project as well. The Good Roads Committee advocated for new roads and helped the college receive the Mill Tax (an early form of property tax), which increased revenue to the college to allow them to expand and improve the campus. The roads benefited the local economy by allowing deliverymen to reduce prices for customers because they could operate year round. The route was chosen through College Hill because it was the lowest slope of the several city to campus routes. The preferred paving surface was Macadam and concrete curbing; brick was used on high sloped sections of the streets to help horses get traction to climb up the hills. Due to the increasing enrollment to the college and population growth of the city, the roads had a significant amount of automobile and carriage traffic by the time they were paved. The lack of speed limits on automobiles soon became an issue after the paving was placed and on May 23, 1913, Pullman addressed the speed issue and passed an ordinance to limit the speed to 12 mph for automobiles and horses.
O'Brien is also a member of the swimming team for the Texas Longhorns, and a graduate of politics and governance at the University of Texas in Austin, Texas.

