The route was developed in the coming years as the most important north-south link in East German, bypassing Berlin. The second track was quickly restored. Because operations over the bridge, despite its two tracks, was restricted to a speed of 30 km/h, it became a bottleneck. In 1957, the superstructure of the bridge was replaced using its old pillars. 

Calendar.
<doc id="29163210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29163210" title="Frederic Sellers">

The Huastec, also known as Huaxtec, Wastek and Huastecos, are a native group of Mexico, historically based in the states of Hidalgo, Veracruz, San Luis Potosí and Tamaulipas concentrated along the route of the Pánuco River and along the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
In August 1988, the BBC produced yet another new logo. Since the last one was made, a consumer brand was becoming part of nearly every TV station and corporation at the time (and, at ITV, had been so for many years). The BBC needed a strong and unified identity, and a change of said identity was key. Michael Peters was hired to design this all inclusive BBC identity for the corporation. They modified the then-current logo by sharpening up the parallelogram edges again and set them to an angle of 17 degrees. They also sharpened up the text to make it match the clarity of the logo itself. The typeface used was Helvetica. Also, under-logo lines were added to the logo for the first time. These lines were coloured blue, red, green to reflect the flags of Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland respectively (an "English-bias" has always been a criticism of the BBC), as well as the three phosphors of colour television. These appeared on the BBC national-region identities from the identities' début in 1988 and its gradual television début over the period 1989–1991.
Collins also represented Wiltshire in 2 List A matches. His first came against the Northamptonshire Cricket Board and his second came against Herefordshire, both in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In his 2 matches, he scored 44 runs at a batting average of 44.00, with a high score of 24*. His inflated average was down to his one not out innings. In the field he took 2 catches. With the ball he took 4 wickets at a bowling average of 17.25, with best figures of 3/30.

The cove is named after the settlement of Breste in Northern Bulgaria.
He said of the future ruler "His whole appearance denotes intelligence. He seems to be a just man, but firm in his resolutions".

The GMC-4 is the only 4-bit microcomputer to be mass-produced in the last 30 years. It was produced by Gakken, a Japanese publisher who distributed it with a magazine attached to a box containing the components required to assemble the computer.
The first two races were similar, with "Stars & Stipes" going out to an early lead in the opening beat to the first windward mark, and then holding that lead throughout the remainder of the race, holding ground on the downwind legs and extending it on the beats. The third race started out much as the previous two, with both boats taking a long tack out to the left hand side of the course in what Dennis Conner termed a "speed test". "Stars & Stripes 87" reached the mark first, rounding the first windward mark 26 seconds ahead. Shortly thereafter a snap shackle failed causing the spinnaker to drop into the sea. The Kiwis closed the gap, gibing back and forth across Conner's stern until they achieved what they were looking for, an inside overlap on the bottom mark. Having gained right of way the Kiwis were able to slide ahead on the turn at the mark. Once there the Kiwis proved a very difficult boat to get past. On the second beat to windward they covered every move of the blue hulled boat, keeping Conner at bay with a tight cover. The two reaching legs did not allow room to get around a competitor, which brought the boats to the third beat to windward. This was one for the record books. Conner threw 55 tacks along with two false tacks in an effort to break away. The New Zealanders covered each move in one of the most exhausting and tense beats to windward in America's Cup history. The result was a win for the Kiwis, and a match series now close with Stars & Stripes up by a race, 2-1.
Voice – male
<doc id="29170006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29170006" title="Sint Maarten status referendum, 2000">
Selim I Giray, after his retirement in 1699 recommended Devlet II Giray Khan to the post and he was confirmed in rank Khan. Board Devlet II took place in difficult circumstances. In the early reign he faced a conflict that broke out between his brothers for posts and Kalga Nureddin. One participant in the dispute, Goran Gaza, fled to Budzhak and there gathered around a rebellious nohaytsiv that had intended to leave the subordination of the Crimea. This rebellion was suppressed Devlet II Giray. Soon Khan had difficulties with foreign origin. The Ottoman Empire, which signed peace with Moscow, leaving aside all warnings Khan, who reported on the plans of Peter I of Russia continue war in the south. Devlet II Giray tried to organize against the will of the sultan warning campaign against the Russians had gathered a large army, but the sultan immediately stripped of his power, restoring the throne of Selim I Giray.
Scheduling.
