Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd edition (1989-1999).
In volume 3 of Galaxy Angel Beta, she casually tells Takuto "I like you" after returning from a trip. She then cheerfully announces that she is going on another trip and runs out of the room, leaving him stunned.

"Candle on the Water" is a song written by Al Kasha and Joel Hirschhorn from Walt Disney Picture's live action/animation film "Pete's Dragon". It is sung by Helen Reddy, who plays Nora in the film, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song in 1977, though it lost to "You Light Up My Life".
Traveller.
Club.
In the late 1980s, WQOP was affiliated with Z-ROCK, a now-defunct network that aired a "Heavy Metal" music format.

Stevens Square, Minneapolis
Imaam Bukhari has narrates this incident in several places in his Saheeh Al Bukhari in different words. The other authors of the six most authentic Hadith compilations with the exception of Ibn Majah have also reported this narration from Zuhri who in turn narrates from Abaydullaah bin Abdullaah bin Utba bin Mas'ood from Hadhrat Abdullaah bin Abbaas - Al Bidaaya wan Nihaaya (Vol.4 p. 266). Ibn Is'haaq has also narrated from Zuhri as mentioned in Al Bidaaya wan Nihaaya (Vol.4 p. 262). Also narrating from Zuhri are Abu Nu'aym in Dalaa'l (p. 119) and Bayhaqi (Vol.9 p. 178).
Hokkaido International Airlines (Air Do) is headquartered in Chūō-ku. In April 2004, Air Nippon Network was headquartered in Higashi-ku.
The Oyama-jinja shrine, which is considered an Important Cultural Asset, is also in Kanazawa. It is noted for its imposing three-story "Shinmon" gate influenced by Dutch design, built in 1875, with its brightly coloured stained-glass windows.
M-65 (Michigan highway)
The epicenter of the Great Kantō earthquake in 1923 was deep beneath Izu Ōshima Island in Sagami Bay. It devastated Tokyo, the port city of Yokohama, surrounding prefectures of Chiba, Kanagawa, and Shizuoka Prefectures, and caused widespread damage throughout the Kantō region. Ninety percent of the buildings in Odawara collapsed immediately, and fires burned the rubble along with anything else left standing. 
Lord Havok
The name "Northeast" originally came from the city’s street-naming system. Streets suffixed “North,” “South,” “East,” and “West” are all located west of the Mississippi River, while streets east of the river are suffixed “Northeast” and “Southeast.” The dividing line between these two suffixes is East Hennepin Avenue. Again, Northeast under this scheme does not include all of the Old Saint Anthony business district, as much of that (including landmarks such as Nye’s Polonaise Room) are on the “Southeast” side of that street. The Northeast Minneapolis Chamber of Commerce only identifies with the northeast streets.
<doc id="6793437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6793437" title="MacGuide">
Montessori gave a training course at the Theosophical Society in Madras in 1939, and had intended to give a tour of lectures at various universities, and then return to Europe. However, when Italy entered World War II on the side of the Germans in 1940, Britain interned all Italians in the United Kingdom and its colonies as enemy aliens. In fact only Mario Montessori was interned, while Montessori herself was confined to the Theosophical Society compound, and Mario was reunited with his mother after two months. The Montessoris remained in Madras and Kodaikanal until 1946, although they were allowed to travel in connection with lectures and courses.
It is the holding company for copyrights and trademarks associated with Viacom's corporate websites and its cable networks, specifically Viacom Media Networks, and is the division which licenses the product rights for their various properties. Before the merger with CBS Corporation in 1999, it also acted as the licensee company for Viacom's owned television stations; for instance New Britain, Connecticut station WVIT, currently an NBC owned and operated station for the Hartford market owned by Viacom from 1978 until 1997, took their call letters from Viacom International.


Incidents.
Paper and Pencil Go is a Go variant that can be played with just paper and pencil. Unlike standard Go, games played under these rules are guaranteed to end in a finite number of moves, and no ko rule is needed. Nothing is ever rubbed out. It differs from standard Go in the following ways:
Mahaweli River
