"Rhinos, Winos, and Lunatics" (1974)
On the professional level, the field has hosted to three professional leagues. In 1961 the Calgary Stampeders defeated the Saskatchewan Roughriders 14-7 in a CFL pre-season game. Then it was the Seattle Seahawks of the NFL playing their second preseason game in franchise history at Joe Albi on August 7, 1976, losing 27-16 to the Chicago Bears.
The cult of Khandoba, a folk religion, reflects the effect of Vedic Rudra, the Puranic Shiva worshipped as Linga in Brahmanical religion and Nath and Lingayat sects. Khandoba may be a product of the Vedic Rudra, who like Khandoba was associated with robbers, horses and dogs. Sayana traces the name "Malhari" to Taittiriya Samhita, Malhari is explained as enemy (ari) of Malha (Prajapati) - an epithet of Rudra, who is considered a rival to deity Prajapati. According to Stanley, Khandoba originated as a mountain-top god, solar deity and a regional guardian and then assimilated into himself gods of various regions and communities. According to Stanley, Khandoba inherits traits from both the sun-god Surya as well as Shiva, who is identified with the moon. Stanley describes Khandoba as "a moon god, who has become a sun god", emphasizing on how the moon imagery of Shiva transforms into the solar iconography of Khandoba in the "Malhari Mahatmya".
Jäkärlä is a district in the Maaria-Paattinen ward of the city of Turku, in Finland. It is located to the north of the city, and is a very sparsely populated area.
In 1894, the 'Woking News' was first published from offices in Chertsey Road. Each copy cost 1d. In 1895, the 'Woking Mail' was first published from offices in Goldsworth Road. Each copy cost ½d. Later, these papers merged to become the 'Woking News and Mail'.
<doc id="3531195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3531195" title="Abraham Brill">

Achilles and the Tortoise (disambiguation)
The male king quail comes in many colors, including blue, brown, silver, maroon, dark brown & almost black. They have orange feet which are hard and able to withstand a continuous life on the ground like many other game birds.The female is similar to the male but cannot come in shades of blue. They can live up to 13 years in captivity but in the wild only 3-6. The eggs of king quail are a light, creamy-brown colour and slightly pointed at the 'top'; roughly ovular in shape.
Steve Berry

He was State’s Attorney for Orange County from 1819-1822 and 1830-1834. He was a presidential elector in 1820. He was elected as a Adams-Clay Republican candidate to the Eighteenth Congress, serving from March 4, 1823 to March 3, 1825. He was then elected to the Twentieth Congress, serving from March 4, 1827 to March 3, 1829. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1828. He was a trustee of the University of Vermont and Norwich University.
Life and career.
"Que Me Quedes Tú" is a soft rock song written and performed by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira for her 2001 breakthrough English album "Laundry Service". She released it as the only promotional single from the album. It was also included on her first Spanish greatest hits album, "Grandes Éxitos".
11001 was one of the first British Railways diesel locomotives, built in 1949 at British Railways' Ashford Works. It was designed by O. V. S. Bulleid when he was Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Southern Railway. It was powered by a Paxman RPH Series 1 engine, capable of delivering at 1,250 rpm. It was driven via a Vulcan Sinclair fluid coupling to an SSS (synchro-self-shifting) Powerflow gearbox. The gearbox provided three forward and reverse gears in either high or low range, with top speed ranging from 5 mph (8 km/h) in 1st gear, low range up to 36 mph (58 km/h). It had an 0-6-0 wheel formation.
East of this valley is an area of rolling uplands dotted with lakes and dissected by streams flowing into the Connecticut River in the west and into the Merrimack, Quinebaug, Blackstone, or Charles rivers, or into other shorter, coastal rivers in the east. Just to the east of the Pioneer Valley, hills rise steeply toward the divide between the Connecticut River basin and the river basins to the east. This divide runs through central Massachusetts, though the summit of Mount Wachusett, the highest point in the state east of the Connecticut River, rising to 2,006 feet (611 meters).
Born in London on 28 April 1826, Vertue was a student at St. Edmund's College, Ware between 1845 and 1848. He was ordained to the priesthood on 20 December 1851.
Other Wild card Super Bowl participants
Two freight lines passed through or under the station.

Between Ridgway's positions at the Department of State, she served as America's Ambassador to Finland from 1977 to 1980 and as the Ambassador to the German Democratic Republic between 1983 and 1985.
<doc id="3534364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3534364" title="Diego Cervantes">
As the oldest school in the city of Dallas, Ursuline has had over 130 years in which to develop strong traditions in which all members of the community participate at one time or another. Although some have come and gone over the years, some have remained strong since their induction and are still practiced at the school today. They are the main factor contributing to the school's intense pride and the strong community of current students, alumnae, and parents who support Ursuline.
The Galactic Rangers.
Site’s education programme is about working with young people from across South Yorkshire to inspire involvement and enjoyment in contemporary art.
