The series began in 1997 under the name "Beastorizer". The game's theme incorporated anthropomorphism, where the player has the ability to transform into a half-human, half-animal creature known as a "Zoanthrope" (The name came from the clinical term, 'zoanthropy', which is similar to that of lycanthropy, but not just with the mind-set of a wolf). The game would appear under the name ""Bloody Roar"" when ported to the PlayStation in 1998, which would become the permanent title thereafter. There are three "Bloody Roar" sequels, plus a game based on a sidestory set between 3 and 4 on the Nintendo GameCube which was later ported to the Xbox.
During the first half of 2009, a large number of Google Desktop users reported that the product stopped indexing suddenly, when the index file reached approximately 4GB in size. A full uninstall (including manually deleting the indexes) and then reinstall would fix the problem temporarily, but the problem would recur when the index file reached 4GB again. The problem has been resolved as of Google Desktop Search version 5.9. Currently, Google Desktop does not index email or contacts in Outlook 2010.
"Nature" publication and investigation.
Lawrence Area School is a state composite (Year 1–13) school serving the town, with a roll of students as of 

Member of Parliament.
"It is desired that the school be thoroughly successful and a teacher is wanted who is a leader and who will be universally regarded as the inferior to no teacher in the high school."
In the case of planets orbiting in the CHZs of red dwarf stars, the extremely close distances to the stars cause tidal locking, an important factor in habitability. For a tidally locked planet, the sidereal day is as long as the orbital period, causing one side to permanently face the host star and the other side to face away. In the past, such tidal locking was believed to cause extreme heat on the star-facing side and bitter cold on the opposite side, making many red dwarf planets uninhabitable; however, a 2013 paper written by geophysicist Jun Yang of the University of Chicago and collaborators, using three-dimensional climate models, showed that the side of a red dwarf planet facing the host star would have extensive cloud cover, increasing its Bond albedo and reducing significantly temperature differences between the two sides.
