Despite Tikal being more prosperous Naranjo, Dos Pilas, and El Peru remained under Calakmul's control.
First Republic of South Korea and April Revolution.
Gadir Rustamov
As the Yugoslav People's Army ("Jugoslovenska narodna armija" – JNA) withdrew from Croatia following the acceptance and start of implementation of the Vance plan, its 55,000 officers and soldiers born in Bosnia and Herzegovina were transferred to a new Bosnian Serb army, which was later renamed the Army of Republika Srpska ("Vojska Republike Srpske" – VRS). This re-organisation followed the declaration of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina on 9 January 1992, ahead of the referendum on the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina that took place between 29 February and 1 March 1992. This declaration would later be cited by the Bosnian Serbs as a pretext for the Bosnian War. Bosnian Serbs began fortifying the capital, Sarajevo, and other areas on 1 March 1992. On the following day, the first fatalities of the war were recorded in Sarajevo and Doboj. In the final days of March, Bosnian Serb forces bombarded Bosanski Brod with artillery, resulting in a cross-border operation by the Croatian Army ("Hrvatska vojska" – HV) 108th Brigade. On 4 April 1992, JNA artillery began shelling Sarajevo. There were other examples of the JNA directly supported the VRS, such as during the capture of Zvornik in early April 1992, when the JNA provided artillery support from Serbia, firing across the Drina River. At the same time, the JNA attempted to defuse the situation and arrange negotiations elsewhere in the country.
He was awarded the Melchett Medal in 1939 by the Institute of Fuel.
Lai is also a member of the board of ST Electronics (Info-Comm Systems) and a member of the Board of Governors of Temasek Polytechnic.

When Tunisia hosted the 2001 Mediterranean Games in Tunis, Louati emerged herself into a sporting fame, as she beat Greece's Agora Papavasiliou for the gold medal in the 46-kg division. Following her immediate sporting success, Louati went on to produce another boastful victory for the Tunisians for the women's flyweight title at the 2003 All-Africa Games in Abuja, Nigeria.
