Transplanted identifiers tend to be poorly documented, and can cause problems in data systems and software which process historical records and in research and legal work. A similar problem also exists for broadcast callsigns.

<doc id="3805287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3805287" title="List of NFC Championship Game broadcasters">
The player may leave a level permanently at any time, by warping out while not carrying any eggs, with no Dinos detained. By leaving the level, the player will receive a bonus for rescuing all hatchlings and all eggs, and then move on to the next level. However, if the player warps out without collecting all of the Dinos and/or eggs, points will be lost for each Dino egg and live baby Dino not collected, and the level will be repeated. The levels get progressively harder, with more snakes and spiders, and fewer logs. Level 9 is the final level; completing this level just loads level 9 again. There are two differences in level 9: The player must build two fires, instead of one, to prevent the Dino Mom from coming, and the bonus for rescuing all of the eggs and hatchling Dinos is raised from ten to fifty points. The sound effect that plays when the level is loaded is also different for level 9.
The Trempealeau River rises in western Jackson County as two streams, its North and South Branches; the South Branch has at times been known as the main stem of the river, and the North Branch has at times been known as "Bovee Creek". The two streams join just east of Hixton, and the Trempealeau initially flows generally westwardly into Trempealeau County, past Hixton, Taylor, Blair, Whitehall and Independence. Near Independence, the river turns to the southwest and flows past Arcadia; in its lower course, it is used to define the boundary between Trempealeau and Buffalo counties. The Trempealeau flows into the Mississippi River just downstream of Winona, Minnesota at Perrot State Park.
Personal life.
There he was arrested by the Soviet authorities and deported to Perm Oblast, Siberia, where he died in a prison hospital in 1942. His only child, Valentins, died in Russia, and their grandson went missing. Berķis is recipient of the Latvian military Order of Lāčplēsis, 1st and 2nd class.
Finnix is released as a small bootable CD ISO. A user can download the ISO, burn the image to CD, and boot into a text mode Linux environment. Finnix requires at least 32 MiB RAM to run properly, but can use more if present. Most hardware devices are detected and dealt with automatically, such as hard drives, network cards and USB devices. A user can modify files nearly anywhere on the running CD via a union mount filesystem (UnionFS or AUFS, depending on the Finnix release), stacking a read-write filesystem (in this case, a dynamic ramdisk) on top of a read-only filesystem (the CD media). Any changes made during the Finnix session are transparently written to RAM and discarded upon shutdown. In addition, Finnix uses SquashFS to keep distribution size low.
) is an Australian stand-up comedian and writer. He is known for his peculiar style of stand-up comedy, which is often politically driven, as well as being the face of bed retailer Capt'n Snooze for many years. Described as "a living Melbourne treasure" by "The Age" newspaper, he has also achieved great prominence with his involvement in political activism and social justice and as a speaker at many public and corporate events.
In 1997, Scott's became a major sponsor of Port Adelaide Football Club upon their entry into the Australian Football League.
Despite his skill as a bowler, Alf Hall stands as one of the very worst “rabbits” in the history of first-class cricket. Among Test players, only Bhagwat Chandrasekhar has a higher ratio of wickets to runs in first-class cricket, and only Hopper Read a lower first-class batting average. Hall in fact reached double figures only three times in his fifty-seven first-class innings.
In addition to television work, Connolly has appeared in several major motion pictures including "Antwone Fisher", "John Q", and "The Notebook". In August 2007, he signed on to play a supporting character in "He's Just Not That Into You", which was released in 2009. Connolly has reportedly been cast as jazz musician Benny Goodman in an upcoming movie. The film, set in the 1930s, will focus on one of the first interracial bands of the era; Nick Cannon, Brandon Routh, and rapper Ludacris will co-star.
The theatre is often associated with the statue of the Finnish national romantic writer Aleksis Kivi, located in front of it.
Leading jockey (9 wins):
<doc id="3808290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3808290" title="Ann Taylor (poet)">
