Oktoberfest is the world's largest funfair held annually in Munich, Bavaria, Germany. It is a 16-day festival running from late September to the first weekend in October with more than 6 million people from around the world attending the event every year. Locally, it is often simply called Wiesn, after the colloquial name of the fairgrounds (Theresienwiese) themselves. The Oktoberfest is an important part of Bavarian culture, having been held since 1810. Other cities across the world also hold Oktoberfest celebrations, modeled after the original Munich event.
October 20, Ukrainian Parliament voted to amend Ukraine's Constitution (390 out of 438 in favor) to remove provision related to Parliamentary immunity that prevents a member of parliament from being criminally liable, detained or arrested without the consent of the Verkhovna Rada. An earlier proposal to only remove immunity from the Parliament was defeated. The proposed new provisions also limits presidential immunity. The president can not be detained or arrested without the consent of the parliament however on conviction of an offense the President automatically loses office. The proposed amendments have been forwarded to Ukraine's Constitutional Court for review and will need to be reaffirmed by the parliament in February 2010 
The "director's cut" ending: the Russian Dog, distraught over Bugs' "death" , wishes he were dead too, and Bugs obliges by pulling out a gun and shooting the dog through the mouth. Bugs then dances away, and the dog gets up to deliver the last line: This shouldn't happen to a dog". was never shown in theaters or on television, despite that the episode of Cartoon Network's "The Bob Clampett Show" that aired "Hare Ribbin" with its general release ending mentioned that "Hare Ribbin" had an alternate ending (this one) that was never shown, and due to its violence, never will be. The director's cut version was first discovered on the fifth volume of the "The Golden Age of Looney Tunes Volume 5" laserdisc set and the entire cartoon with the director's cut part is now on the fifth volume of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection DVD set as a special feature. 
<doc id="7689124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7689124" title="Pocahontas Stakes">
Shevet Yehudah.


He was inducted into the Inland Northwest Sports Hall of Fame in 2005 alongside former Utah Jazz basketball player John Stockton at a ceremony in Spokane, WA.
Sergeant Dago was immediately arrested and apparently confessed to the crime. Subsequently however, he changed his position claiming that he had come inside the building after talking to Helene when he heard the shots that killed him.
Niall Conlon
This was the first time an all-Welsh front row was selected for a Lions test match since Billy Williams, Bryn Meredith and Courtney Meredith on the 1955 Lions tour. Jones was sent home after the 2nd test match with South Africa in which they lost 28–25 after dislocating his right shoulder. Jones was sidelined for six months with the injury and had surgery on torn shoulder ligaments.
<br> 
In 2006 it was announced that the WorldPride event held each year in different capitals or large cities of the world will come to Jerusalem. The 22nd annual conference of InterPride, held in October 2003 in Montreal, Canada with over 150 delegates from 51 cities from around the world in attendance, voted to accept the bid of the Jerusalem Open House to host WorldPride 2006 in the Holy City.[http://www.worldpride.net/index.php?id=241]
While his reputation is somewhat overshadowed by that of his brilliant, pious and short-lived pupil Honinbo Shusaku, it is undecided and to an extent imponderable who was the stronger, the typical playing conditions of the time meaning that they did not test this in matches played purely as competition. Shusaku's games having been published soon after his death, they became a training manual, adding to the impression of the pupil's level. Shusaku possessed an unusual modesty, and would always take black against out of respect for his teacher, even upon reaching 7-dan. Shuwa played a famous 17 game series with Shusaku between 1846 and 1847, which contained some of the best Go of the classical era. Taking white in all games, Shuwa lost the series 4-13, and his overall results against Shusaku were 6-17-1, but in light of the handicaps and Shusaku's natural brilliance at the Go board, it is virtually impossible to compare the two players.
On 22 October 2006, based solely on download sales, "Rehab" entered the UK Singles Chart at number nineteen and when the physical single was released the following week, it climbed to number seven, Winehouse's highest chart position at the time by more than 50 places. By 25 October the album was approaching five-time platinum in the UK, making it the best-selling record of 2007.
Tom Court (born 6 November 1980) is a rugby union footballer. He plays for London Irish as a tighthead and loosehead prop. He primarily played at tighthead in his early career at Ulster but switched to loosehead in the 2007/2008 season when BJ Botha arrived at Ulster.
