"Objects": all pairs ("X","T") of set "X" together with a collection "T" of subsets of "X" satisfying:
Apollo (Battlestar Galactica)
from the Malaking Ilog and the sea is easy to imagine. The town’s margin to the sea is clearly
Employees of ARM have in the past published several white papers that do give some good pointers about the processor extension. Versions of the ARM Architecture Reference Manual available from 2008 have included pseudocode for the 'BXJ' (Branch and eXchange to Java) instruction, but with the finer details being shown as "SUB-ARCHITECTURE DEFINED" and documented elsewhere.
The original wooden image of "De los Angeles" had a special niche beside the altar even after the antique church was demolished and replace by concrete structure in the mid-Sixties, but during the finishing touches of its interiors, the “miraculous” image, together with some precious relics, the other santos, the silver candelabra, the other intricate wood carvings and the other “antiques” disappeared, never to be seen again.
Talalora is a sixth class municipality in the province of Samar, Philippines. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 7,983 people. Talalora was created from the barrios of Mallorga, Tulac, Talalora, Tatabonan, Navatas, and Navatas Guti of the town of Villareal, by virtue of Republic Act No. 192.
Mashriq or Mashreq (Arabic: مشرق) is derived from the Arabic consonantal root sh-r-q (ش ر ق) relating to the east or the sunrise, and essentially means "east" (most literally or poetically, "place of sunrise"). Relevant articles are:

The 11th Panzer Division was formed on 1 August 1940 from the 11th "Schützen-Brigade" and the "Panzer Regiment 15", removed from the 5th "Panzer" Division and elements of the 231st Infantry Division, 311th Infantry Division and 209th Infantry Division. Most of its members were from Silesia.
The episode was written by Jonathan Collier and directed by Jeffrey Lynch. It was inspired by several stories about lost art surfacing. The animation of the episode has been praised for its action and underwater scenes. The staging in several scenes was based on DC Comics's "Sgt. Rock". It acquired a Nielsen rating of 8.3, and was the second highest-rated show on the Fox network the week it aired.
The Grinch was portrayed on the stage when the story was turned into a musical by the Children's Theater Company out of Minneapolis. The show made it to Broadway by way of a limited run in 2006, with Patrick Page playing the Grinch.
<doc id="2124982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2124982" title="Association for Information and Image Management">
A large knob changes the selected sound group. Each group has 16 different patches (2 banks of 8), selected by the 8 lighted buttons on the front with a side A/B button to toggle between sets of 8. All patches are user editable, and do not necessarily have to follow the groupings listed on the face plate.

In the 2000s, Giggleswick School (senior,13-18), Catteral Hall (prep, 7-13) and Mill House (pre-prep,3-7) were reorganized to create Giggleswick Junior School (3-11) and Giggleswick School (11-18) under a unified Giggleswick brand. 
Rising Anti-Semitism.
<doc id="2125992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2125992" title="Arne Friedrich">
Her older brothers, Kiyoshi Miyazato and Yūsaku Miyazato are also professional golfers. She is not related to fellow Japanese LPGA Tour player Mika Miyazato.
Rajendra's records include the many campaigns he carried on behalf of Rajaraja from c. 1002 CE These include the conquest of the Rashtrakuta country and region around the current northwestern Karnataka state, Southern Maharashtra up to Kolhapur and Pandharpur. Rajendra also led campaigns against the Western Chalukya Satyasraya and his successor Jayasimha-II by crossing the river Tungabhadra, carried the war into the heart of the Chalukya country and attacked their capital. He overran large parts of the Chalukyan territory including Yedatore(a large part of the Raichur district between the Krishna and the Tungabhadra), Banavasi in the north-west of Mysore, before taking a tour of the capital Mannaikadakkam (Manyakheta). Both the kings were forced to flee from their capital into the western ghats with the Chola emperor erecting a Siva temple at Bhatkal after completing his victory and levying tribute on the vanquished Chalukya kings. He also conquered Kollipakkai, modern day Kulpak located to the north of Hyderabad in present day Andhra Pradesh. Here is an excerpt of his inscription(original in Tamil) from Kolar, Karnataka:
Missing Imagery.
Suffixed routes.
Allen is politically subdivided into 20 barangays.
<doc id="2126864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2126864" title="Alpheus Spring Packard">
Both proofs work only for additive and non-atomic value measures, and rely on the ability to give each partner a large number of disconnected pieces.
On October 21, 1991, Waite introduced then-former California Governor Jerry Brown prior to the latter's speech announcing his candidacy for the 1992 Democratic presidential nomination.

Churches.
Deary is singer, saxophonist, and lyricist with the Edinburgh-based band Dancing Mice.
<doc id="2127528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2127528" title="Fred Herd">
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada whose assets include franchises in three of the six largest major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada, the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League, Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association and Toronto FC of Major League Soccer, as well as the minor league Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League. The company's holdings also include the Air Canada Centre, the home arena of the Maple Leafs and Raptors. In addition, MLSE manages or has invested in several other sports facilities including BMO Field, home of Toronto FC, Ricoh Coliseum, home of the Marlies, MasterCard Centre, the practice facility of the Maple Leafs and Marlies, KIA Training Ground, practice facility for Toronto FC and home of the TFC Academy, and Lamport Stadium. MLSE has grown into the largest sports and entertainment company in Canada, and one of the largest in North America.
