Between the evening of November 16, 1951 and just a bit after noon on November 17, "Paysage bord du Seine" was stolen from the Baltimore Museum of Art during the "From Ingres to Gauguin" show. The museum sold the title of the painting in an insurance claim of $2,500 to Fireman's Fund Insurance Company that was eventually paid to the museum for the loss. In July 2012, Marcia Fuqua brought the painting to The Potomack Company auction house in Alexandria, Virginia, to sell. Fuqua claimed that she bought the painting at a flea market in West Virginia for $7 in late 2009, however a family member said the painting had been in the family for "50 or 60 years" (he later changed his account) and other witnesses claimed to have seen the painting in the family's possession decades ago. The Potomack Company cancelled the auction scheduled for September 29, 2012, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation seized the painting and opened an investigation into the theft. In November 2013, the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company transferred the title of the painting from the insurance claim back to the Baltimore Museum of Art. On January 10, 2014, U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema ruled that the painting rightfully belongs to the Baltimore Museum of Art. The FBI returned the painting to the museum on January 31, 2014.
The hotels is marketed under six chains; Clarion Hotels, Clarion Collection, Comfort Hotels, Quality Hotels, Quality Resort and Nordic Hotels & Resorts. 
Having been inspired by "Blackstone's Commentaries," which he consulted while trying to free Minkins in 1851, Walker "read the law", serving as an apprentice at the Georgetown, Massachusetts office of Charles A. Tweed and John Q. A. Griffin. He also continued to run his leatherwork business. He became the first (or third) black lawyer in the state of Massachusetts when he was admitted to the bar in May 1861 in Suffolk County. He was described as one of Boston's "prominent" attorneys.
The 2013 Berlin Marathon was the 40th edition of the Berlin Marathon, held in Berlin, Germany. It took place on Sunday, 29 September. The race was sponsored by BMW, being officially titled the BMW Berlin Marathon.
host a diverse range of activities including, performing arts,
