4) Tees
<doc id="4944429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4944429" title="Krempe">
Blunt and Lytton families.

Twentieth century.
2) Because the feedback cap, formula_12, is suddenly charged with that much charge (by the opamp, which seeks a virtual short circuit between its inputs):
Top Ten Results
From 2011, changes to the franchising arrangements resulted in most of the Glasgow Central to London King's Cross services being withdrawn. Instead, some CrossCountry services from south-west England to Edinburgh via York were extended from Edinburgh to Glasgow Central in order to maintain a service from Glasgow to north-east England. Although these are operated by diesel trains they continue to operate via Carstairs rather than the more direct Shotts line, which is not maintained for high speed running.
Predation.
Biography.
Artie visits Father Phil and consults with him about the anger and rage he's feeling towards Tony and life in general. He tells Father Phil he cannot tell his wife Charmaine about the arson because she would be distraught. Father Phil advises Artie to tell Charmaine and to turn in Tony to the police. 
Thatcher survived the bombing, but five other people died in the attack, including Roberta Wakeham, wife of the government's Chief Whip John Wakeham, and the Conservative MP Sir Anthony Berry. Norman Tebbit, a member of the Cabinet, was injured, along with his wife Margaret, who was left paralysed. Thatcher insisted that the conference open on time the next day and made her speech as planned in defiance of the bombers, a gesture which won widespread approval across the political spectrum.
Shaughnessy introduced to Tulane the Minnesota shift, an innovation created by his former coach Henry L. Williams. By 1919, Shaughnessy had transformed Tulane into a competitor amongst Southern collegiate teams. That season, he guided them to a then school record of seven consecutive wins. In 1920, Germany Schulz was hired to take over duties as athletic director, and he also aided Shaughnessy as the line coach from 1923 to 1925.

Like many other Caribbean styles, méringue is played by artists who are usually anonymous and, although their music is very much alive, they tend to be called "traditional." "Haïti Chérie" is a song that brings together the best traditional méringue bands presenting a repertoire of mostly anonymous classics.

3. Dilou
Ketene + 2 cycloaddition reactions have been used in many total syntheses since Corey's use of the + 2 cyclization in synthesizing the prostaglandins. Robert Ireland's synthesis of (±)-aphidicolin uses the Wolff rearrangement to do a tandem ring-contraction, and + 2 cycloaddition.
There are several accounts of Skoblin's death, all of them secondhand. Pavel Sudoplatov alleges that Skoblin escaped to Spain and died in republican-held Barcelona during a German bombing raid. In "Deadly Illusions" (1993) by John Costello and Oleg Tsarev, the authors suggest that an NKVD General Alexander Orlov, smuggled Skoblin into civil war-ridden Spain by airplane and disposed of him in a Republican front area, keeping his ring to use in a later blackmail scheme. Victor Alexandrov speculates in "The Tuchachevsky Affair" (1963) that Skoblin was poisoned aboard a Soviet vessel, the "Kuban", bound from Spain to Odessa (Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union), and his skeleton ultimately ended up in a Soviet anatomical laboratory. Alexander Orlov in his own memoir, "The March of Time" (2004), writes that the NKVD compelled Skoblin to write undated love letters to Plevitskaya, which were used to buy her silence, and then smuggled him aboard a Soviet cargo vessel bound for Leningrad. Orlov ends his story in the Baltic Sea, leaving it to the reader to guess Skoblin's fate.
<doc id="4948300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4948300" title="ISA1500">
His play has been generally solid, though he was benched late in the 2011 season by the Bears coaching staff after a poor game against the Seattle Seahawks in Week 15. He has since made multiple pro-bowls and recently signed a new contract with the Bears. Him and Charles Tillman are considered one of the best cornerback tandems in the league.
