Magny-Danigon is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Montarlot-lès-Rioz is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The object of measurement is usually located in the front focal plane of the lens. In order to select a specific area of interest on the object (i.e., definition of a measuring spot, or field of measurement) an aperture can be placed on top of the object. In this configuration only rays from the measuring spot (aperture) hit the lens. 
After a year or so as a garage band named Episode Four, the Kelly brothers were joined by Johnny Wood (guitar/vocals) in 1984 and Spencer Smith (drums) in 1985, during 1986 they recorded the "Strike Up Matches" EP released as a 500 only pressing on the Lenin and McCarthy imprint that year . By 1987, the band had renamed themselves East Village and relocated to London where they recorded two EPs for Jeff Barrett's Sub Aqua label, before it folded in 1989. They also toured extensively, playing a support tour with The House of Love in 1988 and two tours with McCarthy. The collapse of Sub Aqua left the band without a deal, and they recorded their debut album using money donated by Bob Stanley, a friend of the band and an admirer of their work. The record was label-less for some time until Jeff Barrett (who was setting up the fledgling Heavenly Recordings) picked up on it and paid for its completion. A series of Heavenly label based gigs with The Manic Street Preachers, Saint Etienne and Flowered Up ensued, followed by a new single, "Circles", in 1991. The band played a sold out show at the New Cross Venue in South London but ended the set by splitting up on stage. The album, "Drop Out" (1993), was mixed and released posthumously on Heavenly. A collection of all the band's early singles (along with unreleased demos), "Hot Rod Hotel", was released on the Australian label Summershine in 1994, giving the band a radio hit with "Silver Train".
