<syntaxhighlight lang="c">
The Arcola post office was established in 1858. The name of the community commemorates the Battle of Arcola.
The Minister of Minority Rights of Serbia and Montenegro, Rasim Ljajić, himself a Muslim, said "What is now happening in Kosovo confirms two things: that this is a collapse of the international mission, and a total defeat of the international community."
Western Europe.
Cecilia Alvear

Fisher has thousands of 1800s redwood forest logging artifacts like the removable teeth from an old circular saw blade, oxen shoes and photographs. Items among the thousands of artifacts, double iron shoes from oxen that hauled the logs, old radio batteries, an ebony-handled dinner knife, pulleys, a corner spool that guided cables in Purisima Canyon (part of the Purisima Creek Redwoods Open Space Preserve), and hundreds of bottles, including an opium bottle. "The bottles help me date the mill sites," he says. During forest hikes Fisher also found a foot long twisted and melted piece of metal from the passenger plane BCPA Flight 304 that crashed into Kings Mountain, El Corte de Madera Creek Open Space Preserve, in 1953 with 19 passengers on its way to SFO from Honolulu in presumably thick fog. 
Biography.


Service SIDs are a feature of service isolation, a security feature introduced in Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008. 
The school itself contains a planetarium, full size gym, television studio, auxiliary gym, electronic learning laboratory, and regulation size swimming pool. On campus, there is a running track, two basketball courts, two turf fields, five tennis courts, and two volleyball courts. The Vocational Technology Center is located adjacent to the high school.
Chapel.
Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company Limited, often referred to simply as Scotts, was a Scottish shipbuilding company based in Greenock on the River Clyde. In its time in Greenock, Scotts built over 1,250 ships.
1987. Started Stirling Research Ltd, and with Dr. Donald Clucas began the development of a stirling cycle engine generator for yachts (and later for in-home combined heat and power systems). From 1991, Dr Clucas continued this development through to commercialisation with WhisperGen, a business formed for this purpose by elements of the NZ electricity industry.
Definition.

Thioesterase
<doc id="5256296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5256296" title="Jog dial">
Utopian (automobile)
Filming locations.
