The 2012 Olympics one minute of silence campaign refers to an international campaign created to persuade the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to hold one minute of silence at the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics to remember the Israeli athletes killed in the Munich massacre at the 1972 Olympics by the Palestinian terrorist organization Black September. Support for the campaign has come from a number of high-ranking officials and governments, including the United States Congress, U.S. President Barack Obama, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the Italian Parliament, the Australian Parliament, the Canadian Parliament, the German Parliament, and German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle.
On 28 July, Djibo Issaka gained widespread press attention for his first Olympic appearance in the 2000 metre single sculls heat, in which he finished last with a time of 8:25.56, almost a minute behind his nearest competitor and almost 1 minute 40 seconds behind the winner.
Recognition.

GM Automotive Centre of Excellence (ACE).
Searching for Sugar Man is a 2012 Swedish–British documentary film directed and written by Malik Bendjelloul, which details the efforts of two Cape Town fans in the late 1990s, Stephen 'Sugar' Segerman and Craig Bartholomew Strydom, to find out whether the rumoured death of American musician Sixto Rodriguez was true, and, if not, to discover what had become of him. Rodriguez's music, which never took off in the United States, had become wildly popular in South Africa, but little was known about him there.
Natalia Kuziutina

The way the "Hall Boys" got started in the shooting sports is because the neighbor kid had received a BB gun for Christmas, and Jonathan's oldest brother wanted one too. when James asked their anti gun (at the time) mother if they could get a BB gun, at first she refused but then she figured she could "bore" her children out of wanting a gun by sending them to a day hunter safety education course. where Jonathan and his brothers met the Local 4-H BB program coach and it all started from there.
