Other regions.

1825–1898.
Bali and gemology.
This storyline is based on the "Diamond" and "Pearl" versions of the game. It features Lady Platinum Berlitz, who, for her coming-of-age ceremony, must travel to the top of Mt. Coronet in order to collect materials to create her own family emblem. Despite her vast knowledge, due to coming from a wealthy family of scholars, her father insists that she is followed by a pair of professional bodyguards. However, an identity mishap occurs as manzai comedians Diamond and Pearl believe that Platinum is their tour guide who will accompany them on a prize trip around Sinnoh, while Platinum believes that the duo are her bodyguards.
"See also:" Gay village, List of named ethnic enclaves in North American cities
Clapton Orient played at the Lea Bridge Stadium between 1930 and 1937 before moving to Brisbane Road. The stadium was also used for speedway and was the home track of the Lea Bridge speedway team.
Controversy was a persistent feature of Hopkins' career in alien abduction and UFO studies. While few seemed to doubt Hopkin's motives or sincerity, critics charged that Hopkins was out of his element when he used hypnosis, thereby aiding his subjects in confabulation — the blending of fact and fantasy. However, Hopkins insisted such criticism is specious. He wrote, "I have often frequently invited interested therapists, journalists and academics to observe hypnosis sessions. Theoretical psychologist Nicholas Humphrey, who has held teaching positions at both Oxford and Cambridge Universities, and psychiatrist Donald. F. Klein, director of research at the New York State Psychiatric Institute and professor of psychiatry at the College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, are but two of those who have observed my work firsthand. None of these visitors ... have reported anything that suggested I was attempting to lead the subjects." (Hopkins, 238-239)
It is possible to supply power to an electric train by inductive coupling. This allows the use of a high-voltage, insulated, conductor rail. Such a system was patented in 1894 by Nikola Tesla, US Patent 514972. It requires the use of high-frequency alternating current. Tesla did not specify a frequency but George Trinkaus suggests that around 1,000 Hz would be likely.
Sikh religious philosophy.
!Senate Majority
<doc id="559167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=559167" title="Jamie Kennedy">
The Gate was renovated again in 2005 with the building of a lawn around the gate, before being opened once again to the public with much fanfare on 3 March 2006. During the restoration, 182 pages of blueprints for the gate were made as a contingency against any emergencies which may damage the structure. Three years later, such an emergency arose.
The existence of certain PIE typological features in Northwest Caucasian languages may hint at an early Sprachbund or substratum that reached geographically to the PIE homelands. This same type of languages, featuring complex verbs of which the current Northwest Caucasian languages might have been the sole survivors, was cited by Peter Schrijver to indicate a local lexical and typological reminiscence in western Europe pointing to a possible Neolithic substratum.
"Final Crisis".
Pillsbury versus Gunsberg.
In March 1968, the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA) board approved its Adopted Regional System (ARS) which included the Green Line from Branch Avenue to Greenbelt. It also foresaw possible future extensions to Laurel, Maryland and Brandywine, Maryland.
He was formally banished in 1649, but after four years in Paris returned to England in 1653. He was discovered, charged with high treason and sent to the Tower of London; he was treated leniently by the Council of State, and released on bail in 1654. That year he took up again his interest in engineering and inventions, leasing a house at Vauxhall where his Dutch or German technician Kaspar Kalthoff could work. After this he largely avoided politics, and did not press his claims to the various other titles of nobility.
Caulaincourt had kept copious notes on his conversations with the Emperor Napoleon. In the 1820s a number of memoirs of the First Empire were published, written by individuals who had served with Napoleon. These seemed to rely on the retelling of events by Hugues-Bernard Maret, Duke of Bassano, who had served as a personal secretary of Napoleon. Caulaincourt believed these badly misrepresented conversations, individuals and events. In response Caulaincourt wrote his own memoir using his notes as reference. The work consisted of two independent parts. The first work records the discussions between the author and Napoleon just prior to the campaign in Russia, the events of the campaign, the occupation of Moscow, the fire that destroyed the city and the retreat that destroyed the Grande Armée. Following this is a recitation of Napoleon's analysis of events and the world situation as told to the author in the course of their journey to Paris. The second part of the memoir covered the period of 1813 through Napoleon's first abdication, and was still being worked upon at the time of the author's death.
Reign as King.
Then the gene sequence objects are written out as a GFF3 format and is imported into GMOD.
World War II and Japan.
Book of Revelation.
Charles Somerset, 4th Duke of Beaufort
Sale to Raycom Media.
<doc id="560340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=560340" title="Bowman-Biltmore Hotels">
The film was noted for its extensive location shooting, especially in the climactic final scenes, as the authorities pursue Bogart's character, gangster "Mad Dog" Roy Earle, from Lone Pine up to the foot of the mountain.
Ranked lists of Spanish municipalities.
The County-class was a class of heavy cruisers built for the Royal Navy in the years between the First and Second World Wars. They were the first post-war cruiser construction for the Royal Navy and were designed within the limits of the Washington Naval Treaty of 1922. Such ships, with a limit of 10,000 tons standard displacement and 8-inch calibre main guns may be referred to as "treaty cruisers" (the term "heavy cruiser" was not defined until the London Naval Treaty of 1930).
<doc id="560696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=560696" title="Scottish Junior Cup">
The station is located in the Northeast quadrant of the city under the western end of Union Station, the main train station for Washington, at which connections can be made to Amtrak intercity trains, as well as the Virginia Railway Express and MARC commuter rail trains to suburbs in Virginia, Maryland, and West Virginia. 
In February 2005, the Music Center at Strathmore opened adjacent to the station, prompting the name change to Grosvenor–Strathmore. The arts complex and station are connected via an elevated pedestrian walkway, the Carlton R. Sickles Memorial Sky Bridge. Escalators and an underground walkway were also added to the station to allow customers to easily cross the busy road, Rockville Pike, that is adjacent to the station.
Client.
<doc id="561039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=561039" title="Erythrose">
Broadway Video Post-Production specializes in the completion of television, film, music, digital, and commercial projects. The division offers design and editorial services, as well as suites for offline editing, online finishing, color correction, compositing, sound design, sweetening, scoring and mixing. Besides working on Broadway Video’s own productions, the division has collaborated with organizations including NBCUniversal, MTV, VH1, Showtime Networks, USA Network, Discovery Channel, Nickelodeon, American Express, Walmart, and Procter & Gamble.
Hollywood film director John Ford was known as "The Mayor of Peaks Island" because of his great affinity for the island. He vacationed there from boyhood through the early 1960s, worked as an usher at the Gem Theater and was a deckhand on the Casco Bay Lines ferries in his youth. Ford's relatives still live on the island.
W. C. Fields was originally chosen for the role of the Wizard, a role turned down by Ed Wynn as he thought the part was too small, but the studio ran out of patience after protracted haggling over Fields' fee; instead, another contract player, Frank Morgan, was cast on September 22.
This coupled with high production values and attention to period detail gives the series the feel of a comedy drama. In writing the series, the two writers drew on research and personal accounts from the period; Jimmy Perry's grandfather had been in service as a butler and David Croft's mother, Anne Croft, had been a musical comedy star in the 1920s, giving them some ideas of life both above and below stairs. 
<doc id="561507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=561507" title="Zenna Henderson">
"The Washington Post's" "Book World" included "Study of Revenge" among its "Expert's Picks" following the 9/11 attacks.
Ginuwine version.
The jungle prinia ("Prinia sylvatica") is a small passerine bird, a warbler in the Cisticola family.
<doc id="561798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=561798" title="Pegasus (disambiguation)">

