2009
A hypostatic gene is one whose phenotype is masked by the expression of an allele at a separate locus, in an epistasis event.
• Olson, Gary A., and Elizabeth Hirsh. "Women Writing Culture." State U of New York P, 1995. Foreword by Donna Haraway; Afterword by Henry Giroux.<br>


Medal of Honor citation.
Tim Harris is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent four seasons in the Major Indoor Soccer League and one in the Western Soccer League. He also earned one cap with the U.S. national team. He is the Senior Vice President of Business Operations for the Los Angeles Lakers basketball team.
Lasse uses FL Studio to create original compositions in his videos. Although he claims not to have much skill with instruments, he has sampled himself using Drums, Piano, Guitar, Harmonica, and singing.
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Brunswick

The Teen Segment.
Abaújszolnok is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary.

Unicode.
Linux Mint is a 32- and 64-bit Linux distribution for desktop computers, based on either Ubuntu or Debian. Its stated aim is to be a "modern, elegant and comfortable operating system which is both powerful and easy to use." Mint provides full out-of-the-box multimedia support by including some proprietary software such as Adobe Flash. Mint's motto is "from freedom came elegance".
The Six Ritual Jades originating in pre-history were the "bi" (a flat disk with a hole in its center), the "cong", the "huang" (a flat, half-ring pendant), the "hu", the flat, bladelike "gui", and the "zhang". The original names, value and functions of these objects have invited much speculation. The Zhou Li, itself probably compiled in the Han Dynasty, ascribes the circular "bi" as representing the heavens, the "cong" as representing the earth, the "gui" the east, the "zhang" the south, the "hu" the west and the "huang" the north. Although over two millennia old these names and symbolism were given to these objects by much later writers, who interpreted the objects in a way that reflected their own understanding of the cosmos.

