Eric Cook
He was born in Scotland around 1776, probably in Kilmarnock parish, and had arrived in Montreal by 1782. In 1778, he was hired by James Tod as a clerk at Quebec City. He later went into business on his own, involved in the fur trade and the importing of goods. In 1796, with Tod and others, he was purchased the fiefs of Grosse-Île and Granville. He married his cousin, Margaret Porteous, in 1798; she died the following year and their child died while still very young. Mure was involved in a conglomerate of companies that took part in the fur trade, supplied traders and merchants and trans-Atlantic shipping. He later became a partner in the XY Company and then in the North West Company. 
Because connections are allowed between words that are not uttered consecutively, one way to play the game (favoured by Graeme) is to say alternate words that are all connected. In one round, Graeme and Barry gave the sequence ""shampoo"", "dilatory", ""conditioner"", "fecund", ""hair"", at which point they were stopped when Tim pointed out that "a hair, out of Graeme, drops off every fecund".
In colonial times, and in the scope of the project then called "Brigada Hidráulica", a large reservoir was built to retain and store rainwater. Just because of existence of that reservoir, even though the water was not of good quality, made many people from other places to flow to Curral Grande in search of water, the precious liquid.
Old Henry
The Ona were decimated by loss of habitat, European diseases and the Selknam Genocide. She was studied by anthropologist Anne Chapman. Loij was born at Sara, north of the Río Grande, where her father worked as sheep herder.
Extreme Championship Wrestling.
Famine.

Calton, Ontario
<doc id="8094709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8094709" title="Bodybuilding at the 2006 Asian Games">
The JFK Memorial Coliseum is currently home to the Manchester Memorial High School Crusaders and Manchester Central High School Little Green hockey teams and also hosts some West High School Blue Knights games. The Manchester Men's league also plays games here, as well as the over-40 league.
Timid by nature, with frail health, he painfully bore this question for fourteen years :
At a public meeting held on 30 August, attended by over 200 people, club owner David Owen revealed that the Lions would indeed not be competing in any league for the 2012–13 season, but would instead be organising a series of friendlies. The club will be using the help of many supporters to help out, with many of those present at the meeting putting their names down to volunteer.
<doc id="8096186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8096186" title="Gare de Surgères">
Jesus Dress Up magnets appeared in the segment on Normal Bob Smith in the Neil Abramson documentary film "Bob Smith USA", which premiered at the American Film Institute’s SilverDocs Film Festival in Washington DC in June 2005.
The Austrian Black and Tan Hound is a breed of dog originating in Austria.
<doc id="8097151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8097151" title="Last Laugh">
In his native Zambia, Musonda was a two times winner of the league championship with Nkana FC in 1999 and 2001.
1977:
Druas were sacred canoes in the sense that only aristocrats could own one. Their main role was as war ships, taking part in naval battles and transporting warriors during raids. They also had a representative role, and were used to collect taxes. Following Fijian custom, it was an insult to cross her bows, or to sail to her windward, where the mast stay could be easily cut bringing down the sail. It was also custom to paddle and not to sail in sight of another chief's territory. Launching a drua required a bloody ritual, including human sacrifices. 
The newspaper was founded at Echuca on 1 July 1863, with its first editor as Robert Ross Haverfield (1819–1889) and joint owners James Joseph Casey (1831–1913) and Angus Mackay (1824–1886) - the latter also being one of the proprietors of the Bendigo Advertiser.
In 2007, a new feature was introduced to the Autumn Trophy - the FPA Shootout. This was a separate competition within the second weekend of the Autumn Trophy at Snetterton where the driver that accumulated the most points from two out of the weekend's three races received automatic nomination for the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award. In 2007, the FPA Shootout winner was Nick Tandy.
All tracks written by Chris Rea. 
A band in a Riesz space, is called a "projection band", if , meaning every element in , can be written uniquely as a sum of two elements, , with in and in . There then also exists a positive linear idempotent, or "projection", , such that .
Then Hazel arrives and asks the Goodies to find her father, who had disappeared from home years ago. Hazel has found her father's diary, and she gives it to the Goodies. When Tim sees that her father's name is Professor Nuts, he asks: "Why didn't you say your surname was Nuts, Hazel?" to which Hazel replies: "I try to keep it to myself."
The effort took its toll and with only two kilometres to go, Pietri began to feel the effects of extreme fatigue and dehydration. When he entered the stadium, he took the wrong path and when umpires redirected him, he fell down for the first time. He got up with their help, in front of 75,000 spectators.
