KHNC
After conducting a thorough search of everyone in the CIA, Angleton surmises the leak is in the Berlin operation. The Sorcerer is determined to prove him wrong and comes up with a risky plan to flush out the mole by feeding him real information.
Performing.
Linguist Emiko Ohnuki-Tierney noted that /tonkori/ was sometimes pronounced with either a voiced or voiceless stop on the initial sound: or [tonkori. One 1962 French publication notes the usage of the spelling donkori in an earlier work, while the 1969 "Asian Review" appears to use tonguri and tongari as alternate spellings.
He starred as the Artful Dodger in the CLO production of "Oliver!" in Pittsburgh, PA.
This animal should not be confused with the larger moose ("Alces alces"), to which the name "elk" applies in the British isles and Eurasia. Apart from the moose, the only other member of the deer family to rival the elk in size is the south Asian sambar ("Rusa unicolor"). Male elk have large antlers which are shed each year. Males also engage in ritualized mating behaviors during the rut, including posturing, antler wrestling (sparring), and "bugling", a loud series of vocalizations which establishes dominance over other males and attracts females.
<doc id="7550414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7550414" title="Wilhelmina Feemster Jashemski">
Big Pride is also known as Acacia Pride or Gorge Pride and they were filmed in 1996, in the 1st series of the show with an incredible numbers of 27 lions.

Prunell graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Psychology in 1999. She continued her education at Benjamin N. Cardozo Law School. She was admitted into the New York State Bar in 2003 and she has been a member ever since. Since her graduation from law school, she has been practicing general commercial litigation. She has been an associate of the Fischer & Mandell law firm in New York City. She currently is an attorney with Hogan, Lovells LLP in New York City. 
Stamford branch manager Josh Porter (Charles Esten) reveals that he has leveraged the situation to obtain a better position at Staples, throwing the restructuring into disarray. The new plan is to close Stamford instead, and Jan offers Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) the number two position in Scranton, but he is reluctant to accept it.
A local legend says that the Cheesewring is the result of a contest between a man and a giant. When Christianity had just been introduced to the British Islands, the giants who lived at the top of the mountains were not happy about it. The saints had invaded their land and were declaring their wells as sacred. One of the larger giants, Uther, was given the task of ridding their land of the Saints. He confronted the frail Saint Tue, who proposed a rock throwing contest. If Uther won, the saints would leave Cornwall. If Saint Tue won, then the giants would convert to Christianity. Uther took his turn first and easily threw a small rock to the top of nearby Stowe's Hill. Tue prayed for assistance, and picking up a huge slab found it was very light. One after the other, they threw their rocks, stacking them up in perfect piles. When the score was twelve stones each, Uther threw a thirteenth stone, but it rolled down the hill. Tue picked up this fallen stone, and as he lifted it, an angel appeared to carry it to the top of the pile of rocks. Seeing this, Uther conceded, and most of the giants decided to follow Christianity after that.

