Between 1886 and 1891, Budge was deputed by the British Museum to investigate why cuneiform tablets from British Museum sites in Iraq, which were to be guarded by local agents of the Museum, were showing up in the collections of London antiquities dealers. The British Museum was purchasing these collections of what were their "own" tablets at inflated London market rates. Edward Bond, the Principal Librarian of the Museum, wanted Budge to find the source of the leaks and to seal it. Bond also wanted Budge to establish ties to Iraqi antiquities dealers in order to buy available materials at the reduced local prices, in comparison to those in London. Budge also travelled to Istanbul during these years to obtain a permit from the Ottoman Empire government to reopen the Museum's excavations at these Iraqi sites. The Museum archeologists believed that excavations would reveal more tablets.
2013

06.REAL MAN 

[http://www.historyfiles.co.uk/KingListsBritain/BritainCaerGloui.htm]
Other issues include difficulty with the slow speed operations required for deep sea refueling, no ability to UNREP other supplies aboard other than by helicopter, and problems with side-door launches of remotely operated vehicles.
While the sacbeob in the Yucatán are the best known, they are documented throughout the Maya area. Some appear to have been built as early in Maya history as the Pre-Classic; a number have been found around El Mirador.
The club has a reserve team that competes in the Isle of Man Football Combination. They also have an Under-17 team. They were awarded The Football Association Charter Standard in 2007.
Philosophy and theology.
In 1964 she recorded the critically acclaimed jazz album "Waltz for Debby" with Bill Evans, a record she herself described as "the best I've done" and was most proud of. Her long career also included the song "En gång i Stockholm" ("Winter City"); a jazz ballad with which she represented Sweden in the 1963 Eurovision Song Contest. She finished last, however (mainly because the song genre was not suitable for the competition) and scored the infamous "nul points", but still managed to remain successful in Sweden. Her collaboration with the comic duo Hasse & Tage (in the 1960s and 70s) eventually led to a stage career in revues and films. Memorable are her parts in films "Att angöra en brygga", "Äppelkriget" and Jan Troell's "Utvandrarna" (aka "The Emigrants"; with Liv Ullman and Max von Sydow in the leads) for which Zetterlund received a Guldbagge Award for Best Supporting Actress. She appeared in more than 20 films and television series throughout her life.
That is:
Vicara
"Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" was produced by mainly members of Big L's group, Diggin' in the Crates Crew: Buckwild, Lord Finesse (who produced most of the album), and Showbiz. Craig Boogie as well as Kid Capri (who was often referred to as an honorary member of D.I.T.C.) also helped with the production of the album. The album also features guest appearances from a young Cam'ron (credited as Killa Cam on "8 Iz Enuff") and Jay-Z (on "Da Graveyard").
2005-2006: Early singles and EPs.

When her aunt died in 1558, she worked to be appointed the new Governor and Regent of the Netherlands. This did not succeed, and when Margaret of Parma was appointed regent, she returned to Lorraine.

If two windows (or frames) contain scripts that set domain to the same value, the same-origin policy is relaxed for these two windows, and each window can interact with the other. For example, cooperating scripts in documents loaded from
Morgan retired in 1956, although he remained Colonel Commandant of the Royal Artillery until 1958. He published his memoirs, entitled "Peace and War: A Soldier's Life" in 1961. He died at Mount Vernon Hospital on 19 March 1967.

The torpedo was built at the MSDS plants at Neston (in Cheshire) and MUSL in Farlington Portsmouth. Guidance systems were made by Sperry Gyroscope Company.
