Results summary.
<doc id="25596266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25596266" title="Sumol + Compal">
Speed Racer.
Assassination threats against Barack Obama
References.
During the Nazi occupation of Poland, Fablok was incorporated into Henschel & Son under the name "Oberschlesische Lokomotivwerke Krenau". Sielecki worked as a technologist. In this time, with the consent of the general director Guido Sanchez de la Cerda, he was involved in protecting his Jewish co-workers from Nazi persecution. Together with his colleagues from the technical bureau he started hiding the technical documentation for steam, industrial diesel and electrical locomotives and moved them completely out of the plant in January 1945, since the Nazis wanted them destroyed. After Poland was liberated, this documentation proved vital for the re-construction efforts of the national railway industry, especially the diesel and electrical locomotives. This allowed Fablok to restart the production of these types.
John Meldrum was in poor health when he resigned his post at Yellowstone in 1935. In October 1935 he left the park to visit relatives in Wyoming and Denver, CO. He arrived in Denver in January 1936 to spend time with his niece, Miss Susie A. Meldrum. On February 24, 1936 he learned of the death of Yellowstone superintendent and personal friend, Roger W. Toll, in a New Mexico traffic accident. He did not take the news well, became very depressed and died the morning of February 27, 1936. John W. Meldrum was cremated at Rogers Mortuary, Denver, Colorado on February 29, 1936. His funeral was held at St. Johns Episcopal Cathedral. His pallbearers, each in uniform, all represented the National Park Service—Thomas J. Allen, Superintendent of Hot Springs National Park; El T. Scoyen, Superintendent of Glacier National Park; J. W. Emmert, Assistant Superintendent, Yellowstone National Park; Herbert Maier, Regional State Park officer; Ray C. Baxter, United States Commissioner, Rocky Mountain National Park; and Walter Finn, Park Ranger, Rocky Mountain National Park

Farm Science Review is Ohio's premiere outdoor agricultural educational and trade show, drawing upwards of 140,000 visitors from across the United States and Canada over three days. Visitors peruse 4,000 product lines from 600 commercial exhibitors, and learn the latest in agricultural research, conservation and the environment, family and nutrition, and gardening and landscape. Farm Science Review is always held during the third full week of September at the Molly Caren Agricultural Center in London, Ohio.
Management.
Hervé Bacqué (born July 13, 1976 in Bordeaux) is a French professional football player who currently plays for Biscarrosse Olympique FC.
Juvisy.
Although the original forty shilling freehold suffrage of 1432 applied to freehold rather than leasehold, it had been widened gradually over the centuries, increasing the number of loopholes by which faggot voters might register. Edward Porritt found the earliest instances of faggot voting in the 1620s under Charles I. The Parliamentary Elections Act 1695 (7 & 8 Will. III c.25) prohibited subdivision of tenements for this purpose. In the eighteenth century, a freehold would be conveyed to the faggot just before the election, and back again straight after the vote.
Homeboykris (foaled February 13, 2007) is a racehorse bred in Maryland in the United States. A son of Roman Ruler, he was purchased privately by a group headed by restaurateur Louis Lazzinnaro and includes Los Angeles Dodgers manager Joe Torre and turned over to Richard Dutrow, Jr. for training. Lazzinnaro purchased Homeboykris from Brenda Tabraue after he broke his maiden at Calder Race Course. Dutrow is known for conditioning the Dual Classic winner Big Brown.
<doc id="25602417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25602417" title="Natascha Ragosina">
Cyril James Ridding Richards (14 July 1870 – 27 October 1933) was an English cricketer. Harris was a left-handed batsman and a fast bowler.
The ballet was later introduced to London in 1906 with choreography by François Ambroisiny and a shortened score by Messager himself. He used this shortened version when the piece was revived at the Paris Opéra in 1912, and it was published as a final version. A one-act version was choreographed by Albert Aveline at the Opera in 1919 and it was not until 1942 that the role of Pépio was finally danced by a man. 
The squadron was reformed on 6 December 1940, initially flying Blenheim light bombers on convoy escort duties. In June 1941 the squadron was re-equipped with Beaufort torpedo bombers, and began minelaying sorties on 15 July. After flying reconnaissance and air-sea rescue missions for three months the squadron started anti-shipping strikes, with the first torpedo bomber operation taking place on 12 December.

Girls Town (soundtrack)
<doc id="25605213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25605213" title="FC de Onda al Grao de Castellon y Villareal-Puerto de Burriana">
Bosco was then partnered with Sasha Monroe, and soon faced difficulties involving small time crook Ally Nardo, who continuously involved Bosco’s mother in problems. He eventually took her hostage, drawing Bosco into a furious search. Bosco eventually found his mother, whereupon Nardo killed himself despite the offer of witness protection.
Additional former members of the New York Tonight Show Band from 1962 on include:
The International Journal of Image and Graphics was established in 2001 and covers image and graphics technologies and systems. It is published by World Scientific and provides "a central forum for scientists, researchers, engineers and vendors from different disciplines to exchange ideas, identify problems, investigate relevant issues, share common interests, explore new directions, and initiate possible collaborative research and system development". The journal covers topics such as image analysis and understanding, Graphics Modeling, Multimedia Systems and Graphics Applications.
Family.
