The concept of a research lab covering the Plessey company's interests in materials germinated in 1934 when its founders Allen George Clark and William Heyne were in charge. Another leading member of staff at this time was
<doc id="24605662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24605662" title="Jiangnan District">
Boomerang is the fourth studio album by Christian rock band Mad at the World. Released in 1991, it was their most controversial album.
Charles O'Brien, (17 March 1699 – 9 September 1761), 6th Viscount Clare (titular 9th Earl of Thomond) was an Irish military officer in French service. 
According to Chris Ryan of MTV's "Buzzworthy", "The video is a slow-mo, beachwear fashion show by Meemz. Equally depressed by the end of a relationship and inspired by the scenery, Mimi spends a few minutes suggestively touching herself and staring into the middle distance. What becomes of the broken-hearted." A review by "Entertainment Weekly" said the music video was "one of those times when gets it wrong (those freaking swimsuits)". A review by "MOBO Online" stated that Carey looks "as beautiful as ever" in the video.
In 1803, the geographic township of Kildare was proclaimed, named after the town in Ireland. At that time, the land was granted as title deeds or as payment for professional services. For example, the Lord of Lavaltrie entrusted the central portion to Mr. Vondevelden to pay for his surveying fees. As for the northern portion, Major Beauchamp Colclough, Crown Commissioner and Land Agent, granted land to English soldiers in 1822. He intended to establish the Town of Kildare, but his dismissal delayed the development of the place.
The 597th AAA was inactivated 12 December 1945 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey.

Skunkha, was king of the "Sakā tigraxaudā" ("wearing pointed caps Saka," a group of Scythians), who was invaded and killed by Darius I of Achaemenids.
He was a student of August Wittig and Eduard Bendemann.
The theater was the first in Los Angeles to be air conditioned.
"I am personally aware that as a child I cried at being left in the darkness unless I saw a mysterious and to others invisible kilted Highlander who remained beside me talking or singing till I fell asleep. And even now, after a lapse of half a century the vivid memory of his strong but kindly face is as freshly recalled as if he had sat beside me whilst this New Year was born."

Sorghastrum

<doc id="24611143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24611143" title="Cizre Dam">
<doc id="24611466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=24611466" title="Guatemalan parliamentary election, 1955">
Parallel Intelligence Agency is an intelligence agency within the Islamic Republic of Iran with strong ties to Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC) and the security apparatus within the judiciary.

