Henry Hank Kraft, born in Queens, NY attended Grover Cleveland High School and Pace College. In 1963 he received his 3rd Dan in Judo. At latest check he is a 7th Dan in Judo.
Tungutalum was a traditional owner on the Tiwi Islands. He died in 2009 of a heart attack.
Shirley Netherway (born 19 May 1937) is a British fencer. She competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics.
Frontside and backside.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

Stages.
Mount Nivea () is a conspicuous, snow-topped mountain, 1,265 m, at the head of Sunshine Glacier on Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands. A number of rock towers lie on the northwest side. Surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1948-49, and named by them for the snow petrel (Pagodroma nivea) which breeds in this area.
Little Smoky Valley

A railway line is proposed from Gajraula to Shahjhanpur, which shall be passing bit away from "Islamnagar" and railway station name is proposed as "Bankhandi Road" station with Indian Railways; this project is under hold with railway authorities although land and legal surveys has been made twice during NDA government in year 2001.
The Ming commander crushed a Miao rebellion in 1460, and castrated 1,565 Miao boys, which resulted in the deaths of 329 of them. They were then turned into eunuch slaves. This event occurred during the rule of the Zhengtong Emperor (Yingcong or Ying Tsung). Since 329 of the boys died, even more were needed to be castrated.
<doc id="29411312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29411312" title="Serra del Cadí">
The project of Line 1 had a cost of $1.452 billion. The Panama Metro authority, in charge of the planning, construction, and execution of the project, has a budget of $200 million for the year 2012. In December 2011, the Secretaría del Metro de Panamá clarified that the updated cost of the project is billion, including public utilities relocations and engineering and project management costs.

Saint Flewyn
Lemuel Wellman Wright
<doc id="29414043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29414043" title="Joanna Bartel">
In 1950, Rosebud Yellow Robe was hired by Twentieth-Century Fox to undertake a national publicity tour for the movie ""Broken Arrow"." The movie, directed by Delmer Daves, starred James Stewart as Tom Jeffords, Jeff Chandler as Cochise and Jay Silverheels as Geronimo. The film is based on historical figures but fictionalizes their story in dramatized form. "Broken Arrow" was nominated for three Academy Awards, and won a Golden Globe award for "Best Film Promoting International Understanding." Film historians reported that the movie was one of the first major Westerns since the Second World War to portray the Indians sympathetically. Rosebud was interviewed by newspapers during the tour and explained that there were no such things as Indian princesses, and that the myth started when Pocahontas went to England and the English named her "Lady Rebecca." The Americans decided that she must be royalty, so they made her "princess." It's an old English rather an old Indian custom." Rosebud voiced complaints about the portrayals of Indians on radio, screen and television to "a new generation of children learning the old stereotypes about whooping, warring Indians, as if there weren't anything else interesting about us."
The Nalband of Punjab and Haryana are divided into two major groups, the Deshwali and the Multani. The former are said to be natives of Punjab and Haryana, while latter were migrants from Multan in Pakistan. Both groups intermarry, and unlike other Haryana Muslims, they do not practice clan exogamy. In Punjab, the community practices village exogamy, and have been strongly influences by Sikhism, as they live in villages that tend to be dominated by the Sikh community.
"Bad"
Crawford received an honorary doctorate from Georgia Tech in 1931, and was a member of the Georgia Tech Board of Trustees until its replacement by the Georgia Board of Regents in 1932. He is listed in the University of Alabama Culverhouse College of Commerce's Alabama Business Hall of Fame. He was a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.
<doc id="29416843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29416843" title="Nye Mountains">

Needle Island

In June 2010 he was signed by Amparo for 2010 Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão. He played 6 matches in the state league, scored 3 times.
The song was written by Nicki Minaj herself, J. R. Rotem, Robbie Furze, Millo Cordell, Cleveland Browne, Greville Gordon and Wycliffe Johnson, and was produced by J. R. Rotem. The song also contains interpolations of "Trailar Load a Girls". The song contains a strong feminist side to it, as Minaj implies that she can take fans away from other rappers, she also names divas. After the release of the track, it debuted at number thirty-two, in the United Kingdom. The song gained positive reviews from critics; with one describing the song as having a "youthful glean" and another saying that "fellas should be warned". Minaj has stated that she would like to feature all the people she mentioned in the song, in the music video. It's unknown if the video is being made, but on Nicki Minaj's Twitter she said,"two questions: what divas did I mention in girls fall like dominoes, and who should be in the video?".
All seats were retained by the Liberal-National Parties, with the exception of Clarence. In Strathfield, the Liberal Party gain a swing of 2.28% on a two-party preferred basis. 
