Powell made a single Minor Counties Championship appearance for the side, during the 2001 season. His only List A appearance came in the C&G Trophy in September 2001, against Warwickshire Cricket Board. From the lower order, he scored 16 runs.
In spring 2006, PDF launched the People With Parkinson's Advisory Council (PPAC). The PPAC gives people with Parkinson's disease a voice in setting PDF's objectives and strategic direction. Its members play an advisory role in setting the foundation's research, education, and public advocacy agenda, and ensure that the patient perspective is represented within PDF.
Uganda Rural Fund (URF) is a grassroots non-governmental organization working in Southwestern Uganda, primarily in the Masaka and Rakai Districts. URF states that its mission is to “to empower orphans, impoverished youth, and women to fight poverty in Uganda’s rural communities, through the creation of educational and sustainable development opportunities.” URF attempts to give community members the tools and resources to better their own lives and the lives of those around them.

In 2003, the year of his death, Winks completed with his co-author, R.J.Q. Adams of Texas A&M University, the book entitled "Europe, Crisis and Conflict: 1890–1945," published by Oxford University Press. A reviewer describes this work, accordingly, "The first half of the 20th century was of one of the most turbulent periods in Europe's history. While social theorists challenged orthodox ways of thinking about the establishment of a 'good society,' scientists offered up new visions of the workings of the universe. . . . change and controversy reigned in the worlds of art and culture. The chaos of world politics ushered in the two great wars, which would forever alter Europe's position in the world. bookoffers a concise, accessible overview of this tumultuous time period. . . . Topics covered include the rise of modernism in the arts, Social Darwinism and its effects on theories of race, the making of 'national' identities, the origins of the modern ecology movement, and the changing roles of women . . . and Winks thoroughly analyze the causes and effects of the two great wars, while reaching beyond Europe to discuss the events . . .
