Sara de Sancto Aegidio
The Open-geomorphometry project is an open source computer code project created for the public availability of geomorphometry code. This code, written by Dr. Bob MacMillan, is known amongst its primary users as LandMapR (LandMapR has since become a copyrighted term in the U.S. for an agricultural remote sensing device). LandMapR, and the new Open-geomorphometry project, operate digital elevation data to produce maps including by not limited to: hydrological flow, catchments, depression or pits, water pooling, wetness index, topographic derivatives, and landform classifications. We will use the terms LandMapR and open-geomorphometry interchangeably throughout this page to accommodate users new and old.
He married twice:firstly Catherine, the daughter of Thomas Conway of Bodrhyddan, Flintshire, who bore him a son and secondly Ellyw, the daughter of Owain Pool, rector of Llandecwyn, Merioneth, who delivered 2 further sons and 4 daughters. His eldest son was the adventurer poet Tomos Prys.
Eringen Medal
Appeal of eligibility ruling.
Barker enlisted into the 11th New Hampshire Regiment Volunteer Infantry Company E on 21 August 1862. During the Battle of Spotsylvania six of the color bearers of Barker's company were killed on May 12, considered the bloodiest day of the battle. Barker took the regiment's two flags and advanced with them the rest of duration of the battle.
Moses Bensusan (born 30 December 1968) is a Canadian-American real estate developer. He is the CEO of Liberty Grande, LLC a real estate development company and CEO/President of Logictech Construction Group, LLC, a development and general contracting company, one of the top construction companies in the South Florida area.


Zmila is a village in the commune of Hassani Abdelkrim, in Debila District, El Oued Province, Algeria.

Managing Editor public is Derouet Thierry (2010).
<doc id="40009868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40009868" title="Joseph Milner (cricketer)">
<doc id="40010137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40010137" title="Reiter (surname)">
Of the 10 teams in the Allsvenskan - in addition to the eight participants from Division 1, the two last place teams from the Elitserien also participated - the top two teams qualified directly for the Allsvenskan final, from which the winner was promoted directly to the Elitserien (now the SHL). The second place team qualified for the Kvalserien, which offered another opportunity to be promoted. The third and fourth place teams in the Allsvenskan qualified for the third round of the playoffs, while teams that finished fifth through eighth played in the second round. The three playoff winners qualified for the Kvalserien, in which the first-place team qualified for the following Elitserien season.
