

Bergsgrav Station
Ferguson was born in Canada while his father was posted overseas, but the family returned to Britain in 1864 and initially lived in London.
In Afrikaans, it is known as the mooimeisie, or "pretty girl".
Verreaux's coua is endemic to the southwestern tip of Madagascar within the spiny forest zone. Its typical habitat is thick scrub on coral rag but it also occurs in other habitat types including within degraded areas.
Peterson's ten books, published by Harmony Press, Simon & Schuster, Hay House and BBS Publishing Company have spanned 37 years and have been printed in six different languages. He was awarded the George Washington medal from Freedom's Foundation at Valley Forge for "outstanding achievement in bringing about a better understanding of American way of life." BBS Publishing Co. described Wilferd Peterson's essays as promoting "healthy and peaceful living."
Westwick was born and raised in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, the son of Carole (née Blenkiron), an educational psychologist, and Peter Westwick, a university lecturer. He is the youngest of three brothers. At age six, he followed music lessons and went to a Saturday morning drama school called Top Hat Stage & Screen School. He attended the Barclay Secondary School and then North Hertfordshire College. He later trained at the National Youth Theatre in London. His early career began with appearances on the British television series "Doctors" as Holden, "Casualty" as Johnny Cullin and "Afterlife" as Darren. His film credits include "Breaking and Entering", "Children of Men" and "Son of Rambow".
The Series III had the same body and engine options as the preceding IIa, including station wagons and the 1 Ton versions. Little changed cosmetically from the IIA to the Series III. The Series III is the most common Series vehicle, with 440,000 of the type built from 1971 to 1985. The headlights were moved to the wings on late production IIA models from 1968/9 onward (ostensibly to comply with Australian, American and Dutch lighting regulations) and remained in this position for the Series III. The traditional metal grille, featured on the Series I, II and IIA, was replaced with a plastic one for the Series III model. The 2.25-litre engine had its compression raised from 7:1 to 8:1, increasing the power slightly (the high compression engine had been an optional fit on the IIa model for several years). During the Series III production run from 1971 until 1985, the 1,000,000th Land Rover rolled off the production line in 1976. The Series III saw many changes in the later part of its life as Land Rover updated the design to meet increased competition. This was the first model to feature synchromesh on all four gears, although some late H-suffix SIIA models (mainly the more expensive Station Wagons) had used the all-synchro box. In keeping with early 1970s trends in automotive interior design, both in safety and use of more advanced materials, the simple metal dashboard of earlier models was redesigned to accept a new moulded plastic dash. The instrument cluster, which was previously centrally located, was moved to the driver's side. Long-wheelbase Series III vehicles had the Salisbury rear axle (the differential housing and axle case are one piece) as standard, although some late SIIA vehicles had them too.
