E-learning also has been rising as a supplement to the traditional classroom. Students with special talents or interests outside of the available curricula use e-learning to advance their skills or exceed grade restrictions. Some online institutions connects students with instructors via web conference technology to form a digital classroom. These institutions borrow many of the technologies that have popularized online courses at the university level.
Horses are trained and ridden for practical working purposes such as in police work or for controlling herd animals on a ranch. They are also used in competitive sports including, but not limited to, dressage, endurance riding, eventing, reining, show jumping, tent pegging, vaulting, polo, horse racing, driving, and rodeo. (See additional equestrian sports listed later in this article for more examples.) Some popular forms of competition are grouped together at horse shows, where horses perform in a wide variety of disciplines. Horses (and other equids such as mules and donkeys) are used for non-competitive recreational riding such as fox hunting, trail riding or hacking. There is public access to horse trails in almost every part of the world; many parks, ranches, and public stables offer both guided and independent riding. Horses are also used for therapeutic purposes, both in specialized paraequestrian competition as well as non-competitive riding to improve human health and emotional development.
Retton has an uneven bars move called "The Retton Flip", a transition (front flip) from low- to high-bar, resulting in the gymnast perched or "sitting" on top of the high bar. This move and many others like it are no longer in the Code of Points due to belly beating no longer in use on bars.
Many popular artists have released some or all of their back catalog on SACD. Pink Floyd's album "The Dark Side of the Moon" (1973) sold over 800,000 copies by June 2004 in its SACD Surround Sound edition. The Who's rock opera "Tommy" (1969), and Roxy Music's "Avalon" (1982), were released on SACD to take advantage of the format's multi-channel capability. All three albums were remixed in 5.1 surround, and released as hybrid SACDs with a stereo mix on the standard CD layer.
The city of Chur suffered several invasions, by the Magyars in 925-926, when the cathedral was destroyed.
The railway fell into financial difficulties until in the First World War the War Department requisitioned all of its equipment for use in France. Bideford's 13th century Long Bridge was temporarily converted into a railway bridge to carry the locomotives and rolling stock onto the main line railway near Bideford Station.
According to George Burns, Warner Brothers was not impressed with the short, which he himself described as, "not the greatest," so they were not asked to shoot any more for the studio. Burns, however was so enamored by the paycheck that he actively sought out more film work and was quickly embraced by Paramount Pictures, with whom Burns and Allen subsequently released a whole series of short subjects.
Reception.
<doc id="74954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=74954" title="Or">
Trial and imprisonment.
It is located on the Muweis Canal and is the chief hub of the corn and cotton trade. There is a small museum called the Orabi Museum that contains some interesting archaeological exhibits.
Lepidus joined the College of Pontiffs as a child. He started his "cursus honorum" as "triumvir monetalis", overseeing the minting of coins, from c.62-58 BC. Lepidus soon became one of Julius Caesar's greatest supporters. He was appointed as a praetor in 49 BC, being placed in charge of Rome while Caesar defeated Pompey in Greece. He secured Caesar's appointment as dictator, a position Caesar used to get himself elected as Consul, resigning the dictatorship after eleven days. Lepidus was rewarded with the position of Proconsul in the Spanish province of Hispania Citerior. 
The Sandstorm report, parts of which were leaked to The Sunday Times, included details of how the Abu Nidal terrorist group had manipulated details and through using fake identities had opened accounts at BCCI's Sloane Street branch, near Harrods in London. Britain's internal security service, MI5, had signed up two sources inside the branch to hand over copies of all documents relating to Abu Nidal's accounts. One source was the Syrian-born branch manager, Ghassan Qassem, the second a young British employee.
In 1913 he married Margaret Keynes (1885-1974), daughter of the economist John Neville Keynes, and sister of the economist John Maynard Keynes and the surgeon Geoffrey Keynes. They had two sons and two daughters:
Stengel announced his retirement from the Mets on August 30, 1965, a month after he broke his hip while falling off of a bar stool. 
Later reaction.
"Flatland" (2007), a 98-minute animated independent feature film version directed by Ladd Ehlinger Jr, updates the satire from Victorian England to the modern-day United States.
Epistemology.
Hidden material.
Montalbán's best-known television role was that of Mr. Roarke in the television series "Fantasy Island", which he played from 1977 until 1984. For a while, the series was one of the most popular on television, and his character as well as that of his sidekick, Tattoo (played by Hervé Villechaize), became pop icons. 
"Why Don't We Do It in the Road?" was written by McCartney in India after he saw two monkeys copulating in the street and wondered why humans were too civilised to do the same. He played all the instruments except drums, which were contributed by Starr. The simplistic lyric was very much in Lennon's style, and Lennon was annoyed about not being asked to play on it. McCartney suggested it was "tit for tat" as he had not contributed to "Revolution 9".
Windows 98 also integrates shell enhancements, themes and other features from Microsoft Plus! for Windows 95 such as DriveSpace 3, Compression Agent, Dial-Up Networking Server, Dial-Up Scripting Tool and Task Scheduler. 3D Pinball is included on the CD-ROM but not installed by default. Windows 98 had its own separately purchasable Plus! pack called Plus! 98.
<doc id="75472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=75472" title="Transportation planning">
Serbian (, Latin: "srpski", ) is the standardized variety of the Serbo-Croatian language used chiefly by Serbs in Serbia, Montenegro, and Bosnia and Herzegovina. In addition, it is a recognized minority language in Croatia, Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Albania and Greece.
In Europe, the Nordic countries have a sauna tradition. The Finnish sauna culture is well established, there are built-in-saunas in almost every house in Finland. The oldest known saunas in Finland were made from pits dug in a slope in the ground and primarily used as dwellings in winter. The sauna featured a fireplace where stones were heated to a high temperature. Water was thrown over the hot stones to produce steam and to give a sensation of increased heat. This would raise the apparent temperature so high that people could take off their clothes. The first Finnish saunas are what nowadays are called "savusaunas", or smoke saunas. These differed from present-day saunas in that they were heated by heating a pile of rocks called "kiuas" by burning large amounts of wood about 6 to 8 hours, and then letting the smoke out before enjoying the "löyly", or sauna heat. A properly heated "savusauna" gives heat up to 12 hours.
The three most popular poker variants are spread in casinos and poker rooms worldwide and can be divided into the following groups:
Wheel.
"Notes:"
Roanoke's festivals and cultural events include the Chili Cook-Off, Festival in the Park, Local Colors Festival, Henry Street Festival, Big Lick Blues Festival, Strawberry Festival, and the large red, white, and blue illuminated Mill Mountain Star (formerly illuminated in red following drunk driving fatalities in the Roanoke Valley; temporarily illuminated in white on April 22, 2007 in remembrance of the Virginia Tech Massacre of April 16, 2007) on Mill Mountain, which is visible from many points in the city and surrounding valley.
"Crisis on Infinite Earths".
Grimm is the godfather of Reed and Sue's son Franklin, who affectionately calls him "Uncle Ben".
References.
Nernst researched osmotic pressure and electrochemistry. In 1905, he established what he referred to as his "New Heat Theorem", later known as the Third law of thermodynamics (which describes the behavior of matter as temperatures approach absolute zero). This is the work for which he is best remembered, as it provided a means of determining free energies (and therefore equilibrium points) of chemical reactions from heat measurements. Theodore Richards claimed Nernst had stolen the idea from him, but Nernst is almost universally credited with the discovery.

In 2008, KPMG in the UK was named the best big company to work for by The Times. This was the fourth consecutive year that KPMG has made the top three.

Grapefruit scene.
A synchronous electric motor is an AC motor distinguished by a rotor spinning with coils passing magnets at the same rate as the AC and resulting magnetic field which drives it. Another way of saying this is that it has zero slip under usual operating conditions. Contrast this with an induction motor, which must slip to produce torque. One type of synchronous motor is like an induction motor except the rotor is excited by a DC field. Slip rings and brushes are used to conduct current to the rotor. The rotor poles connect to each other and move at the same speed hence the name synchronous motor. Another type, for low load torque, has flats ground onto a conventional squirrel-cage rotor to create discrete poles. Yet another, such as made by Hammond for its pre-World War II clocks, and in the older Hammond organs, has no rotor windings and discrete poles. It is not self-starting. The clock requires manual starting by a small knob on the back, while the older Hammond organs had an auxiliary starting motor connected by a spring-loaded manually operated switch.
Hervanta
2·0 = 0 + 0, and 2·1 = 1 + 1, and 2·2 = 2 + 2, etc.


2011: 14.97 millions
The film is loosely based upon the life of Al Capone whose nickname was "Scarface". Capone was rumored to have liked the film so much that he owned a print of it. Ben Hecht also said that Capone's men came to visit him to make sure that the film was not based on Capone's life. When he said the film was fictitious, the two men working for Capone left Hecht alone. The introduction for the film's screening on "Turner Classic Movies" even stated that Hecht convinced the men to work as consultants for him.
According to McElwee, ""Backyard" previous film was a sketch for "Sherman's March", an experiment in how I could approach the bigger film"; "Backyard" is also "cruder" because, according to McElwee, "I was just learning to shoot as a one person crew. I was just getting over that odd sense of camera shyness in reverse. It takes awhile to summon the gumption to shoot people you know well, to be able to face them and talk to them as you're filming. Also, I was using a Nagra 4, a very large tape recorder: it weighs 20 pounds and I carried it slung over my shoulder. For "Sherman's March" I used a miniature Nagra SN, a very highly developed piece of recording equipment that could fit on my belt. This technological improvement made shooting much easier.
When Friedrich Wilhelm IV came to the Prussian throne in 1840 with ambitions to develop Berlin as a cultural centre (including the establishment of a music school, and reform of music for the church), the obvious choice to head these reforms was Mendelssohn. He was however reluctant to undertake the task, especially in the light of his existing strong position in Leipzig. Mendelssohn did however spend some time in Berlin, writing some church music, and, at the King's request, music for productions of Sophocles's "Antigone" (1841) and "Oedipus at Colonus" (1845), Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (1843) and Racine's "Athalie" (1845). But the funds for the school never materialised, and various of the court's promises to Mendelssohn regarding finances, title, and concert programming were broken. He was therefore not displeased to have the excuse to return to Leipzig.
More than 95% of Bislama words are of English origin; the remainder combines a few dozen words from French, as well as some vocabulary inherited from various languages of Vanuatu, essentially limited to flora and fauna terminology. While the influence of these vernacular languages is low on the vocabulary side, it is very high in the morphosyntax. Bislama can be basically described as a language with an English vocabulary and an Oceanic grammar.
A letter that is identical to the C-cedilla is used in the Bashkir language's Cyrillic alphabet as the /θ/ sound and in the Chuvash language's Cyrillic alphabet as the /ɕ/ sound.
In March 2014, von Sydow guest starred in the animated sitcom "The Simpsons".
Lodge.
That sales pitch was typical of Wolfman Jack's growling, exuberant on-air style. In the spirit of his character name, he would punctuate his banter with howls, while urging his listeners to "get naked" or "lay your hands on the radio and squeeze my knobs". Part of the persona was his nocturnal anonymity; listeners from coast to coast had no idea how to recognize the face behind the voice that said things like "Wolfman plays the best records in the business, and then he eats 'em!"
The film is ranked number 94 on "Empire" magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Films of All Time. In 1999, the U.S. National Film Registry selected it for preservation in the Library of Congress as culturally, historically, and aesthetically significant.
13. "Mary's a Grand Old Name" (reprise 2) - Sung by Irene Manning. <br>
Rail.
Caribbean.
The epistemological break.
Existential phenomenologists include: Martin Heidegger (1889–1976), Hannah Arendt (1906–1975), Emmanuel Levinas (1906–1995), Gabriel Marcel (1889–1973), Jean-Paul Sartre (1905–1980), Paul Ricoeur (1913–2005) and Maurice Merleau-Ponty (1908–1961).
Viking and Middle Ages.
Many of the Animals' hits had come from Brill Building songwriters recruited by Mickie Most; the group, and Burdon in particular, felt this too creatively restrictive. As 1965 ended, the group ended its association with Most, signed a new deal with their American label MGM Records for the US and Canada, and switched to Decca Records for the rest of the world and MGM Records producer Tom Wilson, who gave them more artistic freedom. In early 1966 MGM collected their hits on "The Best of the Animals"; it became their best-selling album in the US. In February 1966, Steel left and was replaced by Barry Jenkins. A leftover rendition of Goffin-King's "Don't Bring Me Down" was the last hit as the Animals. For the single "See See Rider" the band changed its name to Eric Burdon & the Animals. By September 1966, this lineup of the group had dissipated.

History.
Prejudice can be a central contributing factor to depression. This can occur in someone who is a prejudice victim, being the target of someone's else's prejudice, or when people have prejudice against themselves that causes their own depression.
On another occasion, the Thyiades were snowed in on Parnassos and it was necessary to send a rescue party. The clothing of the men who took part in the rescue froze solid. It is unlikely that the Thyiades, even if they wore deerskins over their shoulders, were ever dressed more warmly than the men.
In Intel's "Family/Model/Stepping" scheme, Prescott Celeron Ds and Pentium 4s are family 15, model 3 (up to stepping E0) or 4 (stepping E0 onwards), and their Intel product code is 80546 or 80547, depending on socket type.
Others, such as "L. svecica cyanecula " (white-spotted bluethroat) of southern and central Europe, have a white spot in the centre of the blue bib. "L. svecica magna " in Turkey has no central spot.
Both the Chauci and the Frisians had auxiliaries serving under the Romans, and in a siege and assault by Civilis at "Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensis" (at modern Cologne), a cohort of Chauci and Frisians had been trapped and burned. The Chauci had supported Civilis in their own name, providing him with reinforcements.
Nautilus was the flagship product of the now-defunct Eazel Inc. Released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Nautilus is free software.
In May 2008, Daniel Burd, a 16-year-old Canadian, won the Canada-Wide Science Fair in Ottawa after discovering that "Pseudomonas fluorescens", with the help of "Sphingomonas", can degrade over 40% of the weight of plastic bags in less than three months.
Conception.


According to Don Rosa, Grandma was born around 1855. Later, she married Humperdink Duck, and they had three children named Quackmore (Donald's father), Daphne (Gladstone's mother), and Eider (Fethry's father). Grandma Duck also helped to raise her great-nephews, Huey, Dewey, and Louie.
Ajax Bird Seed was featured in the Warner Bros. "Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote" cartoons short "Zip 'N Snort" in a scene where the bird seed covers Acme brand Iron Pellets. Ajax glue was also featured in a "Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote" cartoons short "Rushing Roulette".
The marriage with Anne resulted in the birth of four children:
Louis of Orléans was one of the great feudal lords who opposed the French monarchy in the conflict known as the Mad War. At the royal victory in the Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier in 1488, Louis was captured, but Charles VIII pardoned him and released him. He subsequently took part in the Italian War of 1494–1498 as one of the French commanders.
Grant wrote that, "It was the saddest affair I have witnessed in the war." Union casualties were 3,798 (504 killed, 1,881 wounded, 1,413 missing or captured), Confederate casualties were approximately 1,500 (200 killed, 900 wounded, 400 missing or captured). Many of these losses were suffered by Ferrero's division of the USCT. Burnside was relieved of command.
The Jewish Encyclopedia: Brotherly Love states:
Sons of Asopus.
By May 2007 the construction of all 31 Beijing-based Olympic Games venues had begun. The Chinese government renovated and constructed six venues outside Beijing as well as 59 training centres. The largest structures built were the Beijing National Stadium, Beijing National Indoor Stadium, Beijing National Aquatics Center, Olympic Green Convention Center, Olympic Green, and Beijing Wukesong Culture & Sports Center. Almost 85% of the construction budget for the six main venues was funded by $2.1 billion (RMB¥17.4 billion) in corporate bids and tenders. Investments were expected from corporations seeking ownership rights after the Olympics. Some events were held outside Beijing, namely football in Qinhuangdao, Shanghai, Shenyang, and Tianjin; sailing in Qingdao; and, because of the "uncertainties of equine diseases and major difficulties in establishing a disease-free zone", the equestrian events were held in Hong Kong.
Services.
<doc id="77788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=77788" title="Albert Uderzo">
The Patriarch Peter also replied, although his answer was somewhat noncommittal as to Monothelitism, a belief he defended. In his letter, he gave the impression of being in accord with the pope, whose letter to Peter had expounded the Catholic Faith. Thus ecclesiastical intercourse between Rome and Constantinople was restored, but the mutual reserve over the dogmatic question of Monothelitism remained. Vitalian's name was entered on the diptychs of the churches in Byzantium—the only name of a pope so entered between the reign of Honorius I (d. 638) and the Sixth Ecumenical Council of 680–81. The inclusion of Vitalian's name on the diptych was seen by some as being too conciliatory towards heresy, but that charge was unfounded.
Historic sites.
In the county the population was spread out with 23.60% under the age of 18, 8.70% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 93.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.90 males.
Initial programming on the network consisted of first-run shows, such as "It's a Miracle", the game show "The Reel to Reel Picture Show", and talk shows "Woman's Day" and "Great Day America"; along with reruns of older programming, including "Highway to Heaven", "Here's Lucy", "The Hogan Family", "Dave's World", "Touched by an Angel", and new episodes and older reruns of "Candid Camera". The network also created some original dramas such as "", "Doc", "Mysterious Ways" (which originated on NBC), "Hope Island" and "Twice in a Lifetime". Pax TV also initially ran a children's programming block on weekend mornings that was produced by DIC Entertainment, originally titled "Freddy's Firehouse". Pax also aired many game shows including first-run revivals of established cable games such as "Supermarket Sweep" and "Shop 'til You Drop", along with some original shows like "On the Cover", "Balderdash", a 2002 revival of "Beat the Clock", "Hollywood Showdown" (in conjunction with Game Show Network, which also aired the show) and "Born Lucky". The network would later carry reruns of "Family Feud" and (due to its alliance with NBC) "The Weakest Link" as well as the 2000 revival of "Twenty One".
