
Francophone nationalism refers to nationalism of Francophone peoples and societies involving a theme of the French language as a component of it.
The FFA has flown airplane banners over Disney World that read “WARNING GAY DAY AT DISNEY” during the annual “Gay Day” which is not officially sanctioned by Disney. The group also campaigned against the DoubleTree by Hilton for accommodating homosexual guests.
In Australia, Turik also played for the Cricket NSW U15 state team in the Cricket Australia National U15's championships held in Melbourne, Victoria, from 2 to 7 December 2009. She top scored in a T20 match against Tasmania, played on 7 December, scoring 59 runs and along with team mate Sharon Dass, set a tournament record for an 8th wicket partnership of 92 runs. 
Hilliard Christian School is a K-10 Christian school in West Moonah, outside of Hobart Tasmania.
Brian McDonald has written numerous screenplays. Those produced include the mockumentary short film "White Face" in 2001, and a thriller feature called "Inheritance" in 2004.
Medal statute.
Playing with the Dave Stapleton Quintet at the Pizza Express (London) and Cheltenham and Coventry jazz festivals. The CD being released on Edition records and receiving good reviews. Forming the 'Groovy Thing' with Mike Willox and playing at the Coronation Tap and The Old Duke, Bristol. Quartet gigs at Glastonbury and Swanage festivals. Performing Messian's 'Quartet for the end of time' with Jim Blomfield and the Emerald Ensemble at the Colston Hall. An excellent weekend workshop for talented young players at the Wiltshire music centre with Keith Tippett.

Hosted by celebrity couple, Evelyn Tan and Darren Lim, "FairPrice Family Cook Off" is the search for Singapore's best family of home cooks. The show engages families from all walks of life to appreciate the enjoyment of cooking together as a family and encourage them to pick up healthier recipes.
Further information.
Rail service was originally extended to Menominee to serve the logging industry. However, as the 19th century drew to a close, the logging in the area was slumping. To offset the decrease in business, the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad turned to passenger service. In 1903 they constructed a passenger depot in Menominee from a design by architect James U. Nettenstrom; the design is substantially similar to the nearby depot at Marinette, Wisconsin, constructed at the same time. The railroad ran three daily passenger trains between Menominee and Crivitz, Wisconsin from 1903 until 1914. From 1915 until 1927, the rail line offered both passenger and freight service, but the venture ultimately failed. The station was used as a freight stop until 1938, after which it was shuttered. In 1979, a private partnership, Depot Enterprises, purchased the building.
Academic reviews.
