Tomas Intas (born 15 September 1981 in Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian javelin thrower. His personal best throw is 82.94 metres, achieved in September 2004 in Banská Bystrica.
<doc id="9522403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9522403" title="R502 road (Ireland)">
<doc id="9522739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9522739" title="Cynthia Morrison">
The island itself was named Piercy Island by Captain Cook in honour of one of the Lords of the Admiralty – it is called Motu Kōkako in the Māori language.
Robert Joseph Hyland (born July 21, 1945 in White Plains, New York) is a former American football guard who played eleven seasons in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers, Chicago Bears, New York Giants, and the New England Patriots. He played college football at Boston College and was drafted in the first round (ninth overall) of the 1967 NFL Draft. He played high school football at Archbishop Stepinac High School (Class of 1963).
David Spencer, University of Western Ontario—Editor, Book Reviews<br>
Loudon may refer to:
The 3rd Battalion, 395th was positioned near the joint towns of Höfen and Monschau. From 0525 to 0530, the battalion's positions "in and around Höfen received a heavy barrage of artillery and rockets covering our entire front line." The enemy fire cut all land-line communication channels between the front-line units and headquarters. Only some radio communications between front line and the heavy weapons company remained intact.


Robert Leiken was born in New York City in 1939. Leiken grew up in Great Neck, New York, where he attended public school through the tenth grade. He graduated from the Deerfield Academy.
Amateur career.

Miller's relations with the provincial government of Dalton McGuinty have generally been cordial, although the two governments have had disputes over finances. Miller argues that the former provincial government of Mike Harris burdened the city with disproportionately high service costs, and has asked the provincial government to re-assume responsibility for some of these programs. As of 2007, Toronto pays $730 million for services that were provincial responsibilities before Harris came to power (Harris stated that the downloads were necessary to reduce the provincial deficit, and to compensate for reduced transfer payments from the federal government of Jean Chrétien). McGuinty has shown some sympathy to Toronto's position, but has also argued that the city has not taken sufficient responsibility for its own budgetary shortfalls.
U.S. law enforcement usage.
It is made up of the three smaller settlements of Saint-Hilaire, Les Margains and Les Gaudes, and its inhabitants are called the "Saint-Hilairois (Saint-Hilairoises)".

The Decade of Property Growth: 1969-1978.
The Guild 2
Ginger is an album released by Speedy J in 1993, as part of Warp's Artificial Intelligence series. It is the sixth release in the series. "De-Orbit" also appears on the "Artificial Intelligence" compilation. 
Robert has ridden many horses at the highest level. Some of his many horses include Lacroix, his winner at the British Open, and Finbarr, a very successful puissance specialist. He has also previously ridden the horse Arko, now competing successfully with Nick Skelton.

<doc id="9529458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9529458" title="Ray Pinney">
b. All firearms produced before January 1, 1870
Anime Sound Production
Donald Sharp "Don" Fredrickson (August 8, 1924 - June 7, 2002) was an American medical researcher, principally of the lipid and cholesterol metabolism, and director of National Institutes of Health and subsequently the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Peter Ellenshaw
16 laps ()
The discipline of the Eastern Orthodox Church, Oriental Orthodoxy and the Assyrian Church of the East is similar to that of the Eastern Catholic Churches. They require the baptizer, even in cases of necessity, to be of their own faith, on the grounds that a person cannot convey what he himself does not possess, in this case membership in the Church. The Latin Church does not insist on this condition, considering that the effect of the sacrament is not produced by the person who baptizes, but by the Holy Spirit.
The Cape warthog ("Phacochoerus aethiopicus aethiopicus") is an extinct pig that had originally resided in South Africa. The Cape warthog is quite distinguishable from other hogs, yet it has similar properties to that of a desert warthog. Some common differences between the Cape warthog and the extant warthog, "P. africanus", include: 
The travel documents issued by the Turkish Republic to the members of the House of Osman on their exile were valid for only one year. Vasib intervened with the French government to obtain passports for them. Vasib made contact with the French minister, Count Castellane through General Toulouse and his son, Captain Toulouse, who was a friend. The French passports listed the family as having Ottoman nationality and acknowledged their imperial titles.
In November 1935, he submitted the article "Monarhie cu camarilă sau republică" to the newspaper "Universul". The article, highly critical of King Carol II, was censored, and Gerota was arrested and sent to Malmaison prison in Bucharest. After protests by medical students, he was liberated four days later. He was arrested again in 1936, and sent to Jilava prison. Set free, he died in 1939 in Bucharest.

