<doc id="742790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=742790" title="Austrian champions">
Some biographers note that his professional wrestling career began shortly after his wife was diagnosed with tuberculosis, and it is speculated by some that he began professional wrestling to pay for her medication. Indeed, the predicament was likely beyond the financial means of a police instructor, which was his paying job prior to professional wrestling.
Biography.
The park is the birthplace of rhino reservation, breeding the species back from extinction (fewer than 20 rhinos worldwide in 1900 to more than 10,000 today). As the home of Operation Rhino in the 1950s and 60s, the Park became world-renowned for its white rhino conservation. The Rhino Capture Unit of the park helped save the endangered White Rhino from the brink of extinction. Today there are more than 1,600 white rhino in the reserve and hundreds of the animals have been moved to game reserves around the world. The success of this programme has recently been compromised by the increase in rhino poaching within the park. This recent threat has not only become a great concern for the park, but for rhino conservationists countrywide.
The Mossi people have organised their society in an original hierarchic process in which family and state are the key elements. It is very important to understand that the Mossi peoples are very heterogeneous. When horsemen invaded from the south they created a political or ruling class, called Nakomse, and a spiritual class called Tengabisi. All chiefs come from the ruling class. The Tengabisi include Saya, smiths, Nyonyose, farmers, Yarse, weavers and merchants, and others. The origins of the Nyonyose are also diverse: in the north their ancestors were Dogon and Kurumba, in the southwest their ancesotrs were Lela, Nuna, Sisala and others, and in the far east they were Gurmantche. All of these people were united into a new ethnicity callsed Mossi in about 1500.
The affair became a major political scandal (referred to in Ukraine as the "Cassette Scandal" or "Tapegate"). Kuchma strongly denied Moroz's accusations and threatened a libel suit, blaming the tapes on foreign agents. He later acknowledged that his voice was indeed one of those on the tapes, but claimed that they had been selectively edited to distort his meaning.

As with all modern Canadian banknotes, all text is in both English and French.
