<doc id="8038176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8038176" title="Royal Command">

Instituto Pedro Nunes (IPN) is a non-profit private organization for innovation and technology transfer based in Coimbra, Portugal. It is named after the Portuguese 16th century mathematician and professor Pedro Nunes, who lived in the city of Coimbra and worked for the local university. 
One study found food advertisements accounted for 47.8% of commercials. These advertisements advertised foods that were high in fat and sugar. Compared with data collected before new regulations took place, children now watch more commercials of a shorter length.
When she debuted, Cassie was 6 years old, having been born on January 8, 1991. She was adopted by Alice Johnson (Tamara Clatterbuck) as an infant. However, in 1994, Alice disappeared and left her in the care of her elderly mother Millie. Sharon's best friend Grace Turner (Jennifer Gareis) later tracked down Cassie and took her for herself. A writer from the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" said that Grace wanted Cassie as a "pet" despite knowing Sharon was her biological mother. As she grew up, she went from a sweet child to a "rebellious" teen who began to lie to her parents. She also wanted to hang out with older kids at school, like Daniel Romalotti (Michael Graziadei) and Lily Winters (Christel Khalil). She was grounded because of her "rebellious streak". Cassie was described as a "good girl" who wanted to "fit in" but began cutting classes, giving her parents attitude and "a whole host of other angsty teenage pleasantries."
In January 2012, Dr Nick Miller took over as Principal of AIS, and the School moved to a new school structure with two sub-schools: Elementary School (Preschool, Junior School and Primary School) and Secondary School.
Mandolin Brothers is listed on The New York Music Trail — a map of the famous "Sites of Sound" established by the City of New York and The Host Committee for the Grammy Awards, as a destination for visitors. Included on the list with Mandolin Brothers are such institutions as Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, the Apollo Theatre and the John Lennon Memorial in Central Park. Mandolin Brothers and Gruhn Guitars in Nashville, TN have been compared to one another as institutions that are unique locations for information on vintage instruments; both establishments are like museums. Both Stan Jay and George Gruhn have appeared on WNYC Soundcheck in discussions on instruments.

When the computer wants to signal the end of audio data, most modems expect to see an ASCII DLE character (0x10), followed by the ! character.
In 2007 New York's WNYC aired a feature about the project on its program Soundcheck, narrated by Ralph Farris of the string quartet ETHEL. 
The early geologists generally accepted the balance-sheet theory of soil fertility and applied it within the framework of their own discipline. They described soil as disintegrated rock of various sorts—granite, sandstone, glacial till, and the like. They went further, however, and described how the weathering processes modified this material and how geologic processes shaped it into landforms such as glacial moraines, alluvial plains, loess plains, and marine terraces. Geologist N. S. Shaler's (1841–1906) monograph (1891) on the origin and nature of soils summarized the late 19th century geological concept of soils.
Longbottom signed for Jack Taylor's Queens Park Rangers from Methley United in 1954, and made his debut in a 3–0 defeat against Leyton Orient in March 1955. QPR finished 15th in the Third Division South in 1954–55. They then posted an 18th place finish in 1955–56. Taking over Conway Smith's mantle as the club's key attacker, Longbottom finished as the club's top-scorer in 1956–57 with 15 goals, helping the club to a top ten finish. He scored 18 goals in 1957–58 to become the club's top-scorer once again; another tenth place finish ensured Rangers a place in the restructured Third Division the following season. He hit 20 goals in 1958–59, becoming the club's top-scorer for a third consecutive season. New manager Alec Stock's new signing Brian Bedford then took over as the club's main source of goals, as QPR finished eighth in 1959–60, before finishing third in 1960–61 – missing out on promotion by just one place and two points. Longbottom played at inside-left, and scored 62 goals in 201 league appearances during his seven years at Loftus Road.
Congregational, Wakeman (CC)<BR>
Biography.
Utah replaced Meek with Tom Lovat, who has the lowest winning percentage among coaches of the Utah football program (with the exception of Walter Shoup who only coached one game in 1895.) During his tenure from 1974 to 1976, his teams posted a 5–28 record (.152), and had a 0–6 record against in-state rivals Utah State and Brigham Young (BYU). To make matters worse, these years coincided with the emergence of BYU football under the tutelage of LaVell Edwards.
Madigan refers to:
Christmas 2004 was particularly tough for Edward as it was his first without Lila. Alan, Monica, Tracy, Justus, and Audrey Hardy comforted him during this difficult time.
