
The Stampe et Vertongen RSV.26/100, RSV.18/100, RSV.26/18, and SV.18 were a family of two-seat touring aircraft designed by Alfred Renard and built by Stampe et Vertongen in Belgium in the 1920s and under license by Gates Aircraft in the United States as the Gates Convertiplane. Originally designed as a biplane, a monoplane version soon followed, and the aircraft was eventually marketed as convertible between the two configurations. Sometimes described as a lightened version of the RSV.26/140 military trainer, the RSV.26/100 was actuaslly a fresh design.
Description.
Sister ships.

André d’Albaigne had probably inherited from Velho some certainties regarding this hypothetical continent. Lancelot Voisin de La Popelinière (who was inspired by André d'Albaigne's memoir) specified in 1582 that he was concerned with “a land stretching from the South, or Midi, to thirty degrees from the Equator, of much greater extent than all of America, only discovered by Magellan when he passed through the strait between this Austral land and the southern quarter of America to go to the Moluccas”. 
Acosmeryx formosana is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It was described by Matsumura in 1927. It is endemic to Taiwan.
District's hate crime law covers hate crimes based on both sexual orientation and gender identity.

Imaginary Friends is the first Freezepop album to be released since the departure of The Duke of Pannekoeken and addition of Robert John "Bananas" Foster and Christmas Disco Marie Sagan.
El Vado Lake, the reservoir formed by the dam, has and is surrounded by El Vado Lake State Park. The lake is a popular swimming, fishing and recreational boating venue.
Samantha Boscarino
NFC Wild Card Playoff Game: vs. #6 Detroit Lions.

<doc id="30305152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=30305152" title="Jamalpur railway station">

The Norse Chronicle "Hákonar saga Hákonarsonar" records the valiant deeds of a Scottish knight at the Battle of Largs in 1263. His name is recorded in the saga as "Ferus" and "Perus", and it describes how he rode out through the ranks of enemy—the Norwegians—and back to his own lines to safety before being slain. Modern historians have tentatively identified this saga character with Piers de Curry. from Ayrshire, who was a vassal of the Stewarts. However, it is not certain that he was connected with the Annandale family.
In 1993, he was diagnosed with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and mild Tourette's Syndrome. In support of Tourette's Syndrome awareness Dobson has performed at the Tourette's Syndrome National Conference in Canada.

Early examples soon used girder stays to support the inner firebox crown. These are iron girders spanning the length or width, on the outside of the inner firebox (i.e. in the water space). The crown sheet is bolted to these. The force on the ends of the girder stays is supported by the ends or sides of the "inner" firebox. The upper part of the boiler barrel is unconnected to the firebox. This has the advantage that a large hole may be cut in the boiler directly above the firebox, to mount the steam dome.
Reivers 4 Vs 30 Dundee Hurricanes (L)



He is most remembered because of his homemade telephone, which he constructed in 1885 and ran between his home on Richmond St. and his store on Main St. He supported the wires by running them in the branches of trees alongside the streets. Telephones (either wires or instruments) were not yet common in the region.
Mohamed Saeed al-Shehhi () (born March 28, 1988) is a professional Emirati footballer. He is nicknamed The Ghost.
LRT confirmed its participation on 24 November.
It is a relatively large-sized lizard, reaching 25 cm (9.8 in) in total length. It is an oviparous species, and feeds mainly of insects and other invertebrates.
Toys and merchandising.
Up the stairway and immediately behind the heavy wooden entrance doors is the Vierschaar, with a decorative painting of the Judgment of Solomon by Pieter van Bronckhorst.
