In Texas, Interstate 35 runs for just over 407 miles (655 km), which does not include either the 85-mile (137-km) segment of Interstate 35W or the 97-mile (156-km) segment of Interstate 35E. Texas contains more miles of the overall length of Interstate 35 than any other state, almost one-third of the entire length.
The Apo sunbird ("Aethopyga boltoni") is a species of bird in the sunbird family Nectariniidae. It is endemic to the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.


The violet-tailed sunbird ("Anthreptes aurantium") is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family. It is found near water in forest, scrub and mangrove in the Central African countries of Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Gabon. It is part of the violet-backed sunbird superspecies.
"As of 14 May 2012".
Arremonops
The Cuzco brush finch ("Atlapetes canigenis"), also known as the grey brush finch or sooty brush finch, is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family. It is endemic humid Andean forests in south-eastern Peru, where mainly found in Cuzco. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of the slaty brush finch.
<doc id="12436642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12436642" title="Babax">
Among his plates for Gavin Hamilton are: 
When Michael avoids punishment for raping Bianca and she relays to Maggie that she is pregnant with Michael's child, Maggie buys a gun and secretly plans to kill him. Bianca decides that she will keep the baby. Fearing that her mother, Erica Kane (Susan Lucci), will resent her baby due to having been raped before as well, Bianca decides that she is going to leave town to give birth to the child and inform everyone on her return that she adopted. Erica finds out about her pregnancy, however, and encourages her to have an abortion for her own sake. Bianca says that she will, but secretly changes her mind. During this time, Kendall finds out, and she and Bianca grow close. The two forge a deep bond.
