A largely residential suburb, its boundaries are North Road to the north, South Road to the south, Warrigal Road to the west and Huntingdale/Clarinda Roads to the east.
Scott Rush, Renae Lawrence, Martin Stephens and Michael Czugaj initiated legal proceedings in the Federal Court of Australia against the Australian Federal Police, arguing they had acted illegally by tipping off Indonesian police with information leading to the arrests in Bali and knowingly exposing them to the death penalty. Federal Court judges dismissed the claims in January 2006. In March 2006, Martine Griffiths of Network Ten was awarded Melbourne Press Club's 2005 Gold Quill Award for her coverage of the arrests of the Bali Nine.
Conference championships.
The first section was built for the Northern and Eastern Railway from Stratford to and opened in 1840. It was extended northwards in stages, reaching Spellbrook, short of Bishops Stortford, in 1842. In 1845 it reached , having been leased by the Eastern Counties Railway in 1844, which opened the section from Bishops Stortford to as part of its extension to and .
The city's population was 239,987 as of the 2010 Census; up from 222,592 recorded in the 2002 Census. As of the 1989 Census, the population was 225,797.
In December 1435, Albert endowed a perpetual mass and an annual memorial celebration in the Straubing Carmelite Cloister in memory of Agnes Bernauer. In 1447 he expanded the endowment in her honor. In 1436, his father had an Agnes Bernauer Chapel erected in the cemetery of St. Peter Straubing, probably to appease his son. It is not known whether Agnes was buried in the Carmelite cloister, which was her wish, or whether Albert arranged for the transfer of her mortal remains to the chapel dedicated to her. In any event, a tombstone of red marble with an almost life-size effigy of Agnes Bernauer was fitted into the floor of the chapel. The relief shows her lying with her head on a large pillow. In her right hand, on which she wears two rings, she holds a rosary, and two small dogs at her feet are there to guide her on her way to the hereafter. It was probably an oversight that the year of her death is incorrectly given there as 12 October 1436.
In 1976, the riding was re-defined to consist of the Townships of Anderdon, Colchester North, Maidstone, Malden, Rochester, Sandwich South, Sandwich West, Tilbury North and Tilbury West, including the Town of Essex, but excluding the Town of Tecumseh and the Village of St. Clair Beach, and the southeast part of the City of Windsor.


