Başköy is a village in the District of Hopa, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 129 people.
Grevillea brevis is a shrub native to the Northern Territory.
Baker died on August 31, 1921 while visiting his daughter in Los Angeles, California. His body was returned to Phoenix and buried in St. Francis Cemetery.


“Just Like a Woman,” Review of A Jane Austen Education: How Six Novels Taught Me about Love, Friendship, and the Things that Really Matter, William Deresiewicz (Penguin, 2011) and Rachel M. Brownstein, Why Jane Austen? (Columbia University Press, 2011), The Los Angeles Review of Books, 5 September 2011
There are currently nine recognized species in this genus:

Film Base Berlin GmbH is a film production company located in Berlin, Germany. The company was founded by Mathias Schwerbrock and has produced such films as "Don 2" and "Nightsongs". In 2011 Film Base service produced The Berlin File for RHYOO Seung Wan, that was partly shot in Berlin and service produced the international TV-Series The Transporter for Atlantique Films in Paris starring Chris Vance.
1986 
School of Natural Sciences and Psychology
Wartislaw Swantibor
Halaby and her family were expelled from their home in the port city of Yafa (Jaffa) in 1948 with the creation of the Israeli state. They fled to Lebanon, where they resided in Beirut until 1951 and settled in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1959, she received her Bachelor of Science in Design from the University of Cincinnati and graduated from Indiana University with a Masters in Fine Art in 1963. Shortly after she went on to hold her first academic teaching position at the Kansas City Art Institute in Missouri. In 1966, she returned to the Arab world for the first time since being exiled for a long tour of Palestine, Syria, Egypt, and Turkey, where she researched Islamic architecture and geometric abstraction as part of a Faculty Development grant from the Kansas City Art Institute. Since then she has periodically returned to Palestine and the Arab world, where she has worked, conducted research, and exhibited. Her frequent visits have resulted in a number of developments in her work including large bodies of paintings and drawings exploring the visual culture of Palestine and its natural setting. This includes a special documentary set of works on paper titled "The Kafr Qasem Drawings," an ongoing series that began in 1999 after interviewing survivors and relatives of the victims of the 1956 massacre that occurred in the Palestinian village of Kafr Qasem.
Track listing.
