
<doc id="21859609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21859609" title="Ramón Iriarte">
Karim Noureldin

1980 Group exhibition, Pictures for an Exhibition, Whitechapel Art Gallery, London.
Best Animated Feature Film
<doc id="21861632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21861632" title="Koussanar Arrondissement">
5) First Vice-Chancellor, Kakatiya University, Warangal
The signal delay can be as much as 900 milliseconds or more, which makes most satellite-based Internet service unusable and unstable for applications requiring real-time user input, such as online games or remote surgery. The functionality of live interactive access to a distant computer can also be subject to these problems caused by high latency. These problems are more than tolerable for just basic email access and web browsing and in most cases are barely noticeable but are problematic for real-time applications and those requiring large amounts of bandwidth such as 512 kbit/s or 1 Mbit/s.
Scotland's fixtures were as follows:
Vladimir Shmelyov (born 31 August 1946) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, where he won a gold medal in the team competition (together with Boris Onishchenko and Pavel Lednyov), and placed fifth in the individual competition.
<doc id="21864133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21864133" title="Slaughterhouse (group)">

It is a medium size town where the people speak Fula. The economy is based on wetland sorghum cultivation (samé walo). 
There were 509 candidates running in the elections, from 25 parties or lists. Five of these entities were electoral alliances and others were political parties. The two main Kurdish parties - the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iraq of Kurdistan President Masoud Barzani and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan of the President of Iraq, Jalal Talabani - continued their electoral coalition in the Kurdistani List. They were challenged by the Change List led by Nawshirwan Mustafa, the former deputy secretary general of the PUK and Jawhar Namiq, a former secretary general of the KDP and speaker of the Kurdistan National Assembly. The Kurdistan Islamic Union and Islamic Group in Kurdistan formed a coalition with two secular parties called the Service and Reform List. 
Peter Sutcliffe may refer to:
The department is divided administratively into 7 communes and in turn into villages.
Qiulin Zhang

USS "Carolinian" (ID-1445) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
The Italian crown was inheritable by primogeniture according to Salic law, meaning that only males descended in the dynastic male-line could accede to the throne. Vittorio Emanuele only has one child, Emanuele Filiberto, Prince of Venice and Piedmont who, in turn, has only two daughters, neither of whom can succeed him as eventual head of house. If Emanuele Filiberto does not have any legitimate male heirs upon his death, the claims will pass to the Savoy-Aosta line according to Italy's last monarchical constitution.
Jordan McCloskey

