
The Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art opened on March 23, 2007 at the Brooklyn Museum. The center, located on the museum's fourth floor, aims to create a compelling and interactive environment to raise awareness and educate future generations about feminism’s impact on culture. The Center's namesake and benefactor, Elizabeth Sackler, is a philanthropist and art collector.
Pemberton contested the Miss World title on 1 December 2007, in Sanya, China.

<doc id="10468712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=10468712" title="The Association (album)">
Systematic participant objectivation in praxis intervention.
Ahmet Vardar
Gour may refer to:
In the preface to the fourth edition of his book "Logic: Deductive and Inductive" (1920), he identifies his significant influences. He states, "the work may be considered, on the whole, as attached to the school of Mill; to whose System of Logic, and to Bain's Logic, it is deeply indebted. Amongst the works of living writers, the Empirical Logic of Venn and the Formal Logic of Keynes have given me most assistance." In Chapter 22 of Logic, Read says: "It is better to be vaguely right than exactly wrong", the original source of the much quoted aphorism "It is better to be roughly right than exactly wrong" that is often, incorrently attributed to John Maynard Keynes.
William Nichols Roe, commonly known as Bill Roe (1861–1937), was a first-class cricketer who was notable for making the then highest ever score in cricket in July 1881 with 415 not out in a long vacation match at Cambridge University. His innings, for Emmanuel Long Vacation Club against Caius Long Vacation Club, lasted five hours in extreme heat and ended only when the Caius team conceded the match after the second day, facing a scoreboard reading 708/4 after they had been dismissed for 100.
Metal Sludge's approach was antagonistic, utilizing humour, but at the same time it was in a tongue-in-cheek manner as the website did support the bands it covered. Their first large rivalry was with Gerri Miller of the now-defunct "Metal Edge" magazine; a magazine which once covered glam metal, heavy metal music and hard rock.
Edward Browne
