James Moffat took his first win and the maiden victory for Nissan Motorsport in the 60/60 Sprint race at Winton, Nissan's first win in an Australian Touring Car Championship or V8 Supercar race since 1992. His teammate Michael Caruso, who led the first half of the race, finished in second with Jason Bright completing the podium for Brad Jones Racing. Controversy surrounded Moffat's victory, however, as the two Nissans used an E70 fuel blend (compared to the usual E85) in an effort to evaluate its potential in balancing fuel economy between the engines used by Nissan and Erebus Motorsport and those used by Ford and Holden. Championship leader and pole-sitter Jamie Whincup encountered a gearbox problem while leading, forcing his retirement. Whincup's troubles continued in the second race, involved in a first lap crash after qualifying poorly. The crash also affected Caruso, Alex Davison, Russell Ingall, Alexandre Prémat and Garth Tander. Mark Winterbottom won the race for Ford Performance Racing, ahead of pole-sitter Bright and James Courtney. Courtney started on pole for the final race and went on to win ahead of Fabian Coulthard and Chaz Mostert. The race saw differing strategies with many drivers pitting for fresh tyres during a late safety car period and then making their way through the field.
She exhibited in the second exhibition of the Society of Wood Engravers in 1921, and continued to do so until 1925. In 1922 she contributed two wood engravings to "Contemporary English Woodcuts", an anthology of wood engravings produced by Thomas Balston, a director at Duckworth and an enthusiast for the new style of wood engravings. She also produced the cover vignette for the book. Campbell Dodgson, Keeper of Prints and Drawings at the British Museum, wrote about her in his introduction to the book: "Miss Gribble and Miss Pilkington are among the other women artists who practise wood engraving with zeal and success; the former is now turning her attention to book illustration, in which English engravers of the modern school have hitherto achieved smaller results that their contemporaries in France." This was a limited edition of 550 copies; Gribble worked with Balston to produce three more books at Duckworth in a similarly luxurious format. The first was an edition of 380 signed copies of "Sixe Idillia" by Theocritus, printed at the Cloister Press under the supervision of Stanley Morison. This was followed in 1923 by "Odes" by John Keats in an edition of 170 signed copies (there was an ordinary edition of this and the next book), and, in 1924, an edition of 150 signed copies of "Songs from "The Princess"" by Tennyson. 
Tegeticula rostratella
History.
The idol is carved in Bas-relief out of a monolithic black marble stone, with images of two cows, one lion, one snake, two peacocks and one parrot engraved on it and three sages placed near it.



omNovia.
Jack Leach
<doc id="35303428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35303428" title="Doron Lamb">

<doc id="35304422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35304422" title="The Secret Dream-lives of Engineers (book)">
Playoff results.
