
<doc id="22971711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22971711" title="Jan of Stobnica">

Amateur era.
For Morrison, a constraint allows creativity to take place.
Grimani was born in 1532 to Donata Pisani and Girolamo Grimani. Grimani's father was a wealthy man and an able politician. Given his wealthy background, Marino Grimani became "podestà" at a relatively young age, and was then appointed as Venice's Ambassador to the Vatican in Rome. Upon his return to Venice, he was made a "cavaliere". He became active in city politics and used his immense wealth to gain the acclaim of the people.
The film premiered at The South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas on March 14, 2009.
Availability.
During the Ilinden uprising in Kruševo (August 2–3, 1903), a known Mijak involved was Veljo Pecan.
<doc id="22975431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22975431" title="William El-Gardi">
<doc id="22975804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22975804" title="Osama Tawfiq al-Tikriti">
<doc id="22976215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22976215" title="Petar Petrov (footballer born 1961)">
History.
The central purpose of combatting discrimination underlies both ss.15(1) and 15(2). Section 15(1) focuses on preventing governments from making distinctions based on the enumerated or analogous grounds that have the effect of perpetuating group disadvantage and prejudice, or impose disadvantage on the basis of stereotyping. Section 15(2) focuses on enabling governments to proactively combat existing discrimination through affirmative measures. 

Following a “voluntary law” enacted by Finnish parliament on 1 January 2007, most of the Finland’s major Internet service providers decided on 22 November 2006 to begin filtering child pornography, and ISPs first started filtering in January 2008. The Ministry of Communications has commented that filtering is voluntary for ISPs as long as they do not refuse. The blacklist is provided by Finnish police and should contain only foreign sites. Technically filtering was planned to be URI based, like the United Kingdom’s Cleanfeed, but so far implementations have been DNS based.
"Hurricane"

New York Liberty.
On August 31 Ackley and the Mariners officially signed his five-year major-league deal, worth at least $7.5 million. Ackley wore a Mariners uniform with the number 13, his college number at North Carolina. The Mariners held a news conference and Ackley met with the Mariners players in the clubhouse. Ken Griffey Jr. marveled loudly that he had found a player skinnier than outfielder Ichiro Suzuki. Ackley also took batting practice as a part of the day's festivities.
<doc id="22979595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22979595" title="Thomas Gouge">
For his non-academic and artistic work, Diskin uses the pen name “Bertie.” Diskin has written and illustrated several children books, among them “Gorgozula" and "The Mice and the Magic Ball. He co-authored a book on the World Soccer Championships (“Mondial”) with his son Tommer. Diskin has published two satirical works ("On the Sinking Ship" and "The Lagado Travel"). In 2008 he published "The Presidents" – "Ha’Nesi’im"), a book about American presidents.
Controversy.
Government Seal of Japan

Career.
At the time, the Heartland Collegiate Conference was known by its more recognizable name, the Indiana Collegiate Conference.

The 2001 Marshall Thundering Herd football team represented Marshall University in 2001 season in NCAA Division I-A. When Marshall played ECU in the GMAC Bowl, it was the highest scoring bowl game in college football history.
His work has been screened in festivals around the world, including IDFA in Amsterdam, Dokfest in Munich, as well as festivals in Switzerland, Lebanon, France, and across the U.S. and Canada.

His private lodgings were modest, but he rented space for his gallery in Palazzo Accoramboni, Rome, where he welcomed visitors. The palazzo, in the former piazza Rusticucci, was demolished by Benito Mussolini along with the rest of the "spina" of medieval houses to made way for the expansive via della Conciliazione, leading to piazza San Pietro. A catalogue of the Galleria Massarenti was printed in 1881, when the prelate contemplated selling the collection to Prince Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst at Strasbourg. At that time connoisseurship of Old Master paintings was in its infancy, and the works received highly optimistic traditional attributions. An English-language "Catalogue of pictures, marbles, bronzes, antiquities... Palazzo Accoramboni" (Rome: Forzani) was published in 1894, with a view to attracting prospective purchasers. The catalogue was assembled by a painter Edouard van Esbroeck, still with such wishful attributions that the catalogue cast somewhat of a temporary cloud over the collection as a whole. Joseph Duveen, his famous nephew recalled, had been less than impressed by the authenticity of the paintings, and Duveen's close associate Bernard Berenson, played an uncertain role in the sale of the collection, disparaging the attribution to Raphael of Massarenti's "Madonna of the Candelbra" in a letter to Isabella Stewart Gardner in 1897.
Transformers 2 interview
