Aftermath.
After the war's sudden end, the division landed at Sasebo, Kyūshū, and assumed occupation duties. With disbandment of the 5th Marine Division, General Bourke became Deputy Commander and Inspector General of Fleet Marine Force Pacific. Bourke retired from the Marine Corps in 1946 with a rank of Lieutenant General.

Antonio Luna was born on October 29, 1866 in Urbiztondo, Binondo, Manila. He was the youngest of seven children of Joaquín Luna de San Pedro, from Badoc, Ilocos Norte, and Spanish mestiza Laureana Novicio-Ancheta, from Luna, La Union (formerly "Namacpacan"). His father was a traveling salesman of the products of government monopolies. His older brother, Juan, was an accomplished painter who studied in the Madrid Escuela de Bellas Artes de San Fernando. Another brother, José, became a doctor.
<doc id="2604066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2604066" title="I manegen med Glenn Killing">
Magoon was born in Owatonna, Steele County, Minnesota. His family moved with him to Nebraska when he was still a small child. In 1876, he enrolled in the "prep" program at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln and studied there for two years before officially enrolling in 1878. He left school in 1879 to study law independently with a prominent law firm. In 1882, he was admitted to the bar and practiced law in Lincoln, Nebraska. Eventually, he was made a partner in the firm. He also became the judge advocate of the Nebraska National Guard and continued to use the title of "Judge" throughout the remainder of his career.
The track ordering of the original release was
Achnacroish () is a village on the Scottish island of Lismore. The harbour serves the ferry between Lismore and Oban.
It was the site of two battles in the English Civil War. The first battle was a minor royalist victory on 9 December 1642, when a small Royalist force put to flight a smaller Parliamentarian force.
Through routes to Spain are single-track and are not completely electrified.
Adebayor finished the season as Tottenham's top goalscorer, with 18 goals (17 in the Premier League).
