EML Olev (M415)
Traveleyes is the world’s first commercial international air tour operator (as distinct from a charity) to specialise in serving blind as well as sighted travellers. Established in 2005, the company is based in Leeds, West Yorkshire.
Season summary.
The Anglo-Saxon invasions of Britain led to the formation of Wales between the 5th and 7th centuries. The Anglo-Norman kings of England had conquered Wales militarily by the 13th century, and under Henry VIII the country was incorporated to the kingdom of England by the Acts of Union in the 16th century. Many elements of the Welsh economy and society since then have been shaped by demands from England, and Wales has been described as "England's first colony". However, Welsh identity remained strong and recently there has been an increasing awareness and acknowledgement of Wales' cultural and historical separateness from England, which has latterly been reflected politically.
Incisura rosea, common name the rosy slit shell, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Scissurellidae. 
Current services.
Sherlac Point () is a point at the southeast end of Ronge Island, off the west coast of Graham Land. First charted and named "Cap Charles" by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897-99. To avoid confusion with Charles Point in Hughes Bay, an anagram of the name was adopted by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960.
As of December 21, 2011, the station has been bought out by Apex which includes the sale of all sister stations in the Ft Walton Beach market.
<doc id="15536501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=15536501" title="WTHA-LP">
Other pitchers.
Schedule.


Mendel was one of the founders of "Bar-Giora" and Hashomer. He exerted a restraining influence on some of the rasher members. In Sejera, bad-blood broke out between the members of the collective and one of the managers, who had replaced the Jewish labourers with fellahen. Several of the workers and watchmen wanted to beat up the manager for that. Mendel prevented them, suggesting that going on strike was a better option all round.
In the 1950s, Phelps Dodge developed open-pit mining at the Copper Queen; this enabled mining operations to continue. Underground work was also done. By the middle 1960s, the grade of ore from the Copper Queen had declined to 4%. The mine ceased production in 1975. 
Academics.
! colspan=3 | Greece national team
Phases and central tones.
Another contrast definition sometimes found in the electronic displays field, K, is:


