The first enclosure-type brick castle was built by Grand Duke Gediminas, who transferred the capital of Lithuania from Kernavė to Trakai (today's "Senieji Trakai") before 1321. The wedding of Grand Duke Kęstutis and Birutė was held there and it was the birthplace of the Grand Duke Vytautas in 1350.

Note.
"Ólafs ríma" is often considered the earliest "ríma".
Over the years magnificent Villas, Palazzos and extravagant summer residences extended the town, and elegant avenues connected them whilst the towns heart developed with fashionable hotels and accommodations for visitors from further afield.
Nicolette Boilet was born in Corbie in the Picardy region of France, in January 1381, to Robert Boellet, a poor carpenter at the noted Benedictine Abbey of Corbie, and to his wife, Marguerite Moyon. Her contemporary biographers say that her parents had grown old without having children, before praying to Saint Nicholas for help in having a child. Their prayers were answered when, at the age of 60, Marguerite gave birth to a daughter. Out of gratitude, they named the baby after the saint to whom they credited the miracle of her birth.

Betancourt's construction of formalism suggests a broader scope for applications of film theory than simply motion pictures since it focuses on both painting and experimental film. This approach was developed in his book, "Structuring Time: notes on making movies." He approaches the motion picture as a series of distinct, but related domains of aesthetic manipulation: camera, image, editing, projection, screen, and sound.
Scott later purchases a 50% share in Alf's boat, The Blaxland and later hires Kane Phillips (Sam Atwell) as a deckhand, not knowing his identity but soon sacks him after he learns Kane raped Dani two years prior. When Dani stands trial for running over Kane, Scott supports her but Dani is found guilty and imprisoned. Shortly after Dani is released, the couple move into together after Summer Bay House becomes crowded when their respective families combine during Beth's engagement and subsequent marriage to Dani's father Rhys (Michael Beckley).
One of its most prominent supporters has been Professor George Newlands of Glasgow University.


Valentin Rose may refer to:
<doc id="6284140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6284140" title="Leadlight">
Production.
There are three miles (5 km) of trails in the unit. The two access points are on County Road 45, two miles (3 km) apart.
Tony's Turboz is a breakfast cereal produced by Kelloggs. It is advertised as having balanced nutrients that make a complete meal replacement.
Treatises on Shilpa Shastras.
Charlie (2007) A very large man, seemingly obese, enough even to make the Osprey Heights lift break.
Platform 1, which faced the former broad gauge track on the eastern side, was originally on a loop siding off the main line, the main line being slewed to its present location during rationalisation of the yard.
History.
History.
<doc id="6288265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6288265" title="Wer Liebe lebt">

The Tallinn Card is available in units of time - these are 24 hour, 48 hour or 72 hour. Children aged 14 or under benefit from a reduced price.
Shooting commenced on March 19, 1934 and concluded in June. The film was released on September 21, 1934. It had a domestic (U.S.A.) gross of $2,000,000.
On the evening of March 9, 2014 a magnitude 6.9 earthquake struck approximately 50 miles to the west. It was widely felt, yet caused little to no damage, nor generate a tsunami. The lack of any significant damage or land deformation was attributed to the shallow strike-slip fault movement in deep (3000m) water. On January 9, 2010 two more large quakes hit the area, a 6.5 on January 9 and a 5.9 on February 3; neither caused any deaths, but the January quake was reported to have caused $40 million in damage throughout the area.
