As of September 2013, she is the 554th richest person in the world, and the 194th richest in the United States, with an estimated wealth of US $2.6 billion. She is the only billionaire living in South Carolina. She has three children: Jonathan Zucker, Andrea Muzin and Jeffrey Zucker. She lives in Charleston, South Carolina.

The ring was passed from Beren in direct line to Dior, then his daughter Elwing and her son Elros, who brought it to Númenor during the Second Age. It was an heirloom of the kings of Númenor until Tar-Elendil gave the ring to his eldest daughter Silmariën, who was not allowed to succeed him on the throne. She in turn gave the ring to her son Valandil, first Lord of Andúnië. It was handed down to succeeding Lords of Andúnië to the last one, Amandil, father of Elendil, and so was saved from the Númenor catastrophe.
Failing to secure a recording contract the band began to gig less as James toured as bassist with The Heights, Gethin concentrated on his Jazz studies and Eifion's played bass for The Spencer McGarry Season. The band split up in late 2007. James moved to London with members of The Heights to form 'Rogues', and Gethin and Eifion formed 'Avash Avash'. At their peak, the Poppies were a gritty and respected favourite of the Welsh rock scene.
The late Roman empire had centralized fabricae, introduced by Diocletian, to provide arms and armor for the army. The introduction of the centralized fabricae, where earlier armies had relied on legionary workshops, may reflect the needs of the field armies.
The authorship of Ambrose of Milan, for which Pimont contends, is not admitted by the Benedictine editors or by Luigi Biraghi. The hymn is found in a hymnary in Irish script (described by Clemens Blume in his "Cursus", etc.) of the eighth or early ninth century; but the classical prosody of its two stanzas ("solita" in the third line of the original text is the only exception) suggests a much earlier origin. In this hymnary it is assigned, together with the hymn "Christe qui splendor et dies" (also known as "Christe qui lux es et dies"), to Compline.
In the absence of any evidence of "defensive depth" in the stationing of border forces, the only "depth" left were the "comitatus praesentales" (imperial escort armies) stationed in the interior of the empire. But Luttwak himself admits that these were too distant from the frontier to be of much value in intercepting barbarian incursions: their arrival in theatre could take weeks, if not months. Although they are often described as "mobile field armies", in this context "immobile" would be a more accurate description. Luttwak terminates his analysis in mid-4th century, just before the establishment of the regional "comitatus". But the positioning of the latter, right on the borders or within 60 miles (100 km) of them, seems strikingly similar to that of the legions in the 2nd century. It could be argued that the deployment of the regional "comitatus" was simply an admission that Zosimus' criticism of Constantine's policy was valid and that effective forward defence required reinforcement of the "limitanei" troops.
The plot of Never Forget has been through several incarnations since the initial workshop production which toured the UK in 2007. Each version of the script is deliberately different in order to update the setting of the show. When the original production played, Take That had just reformed and the show referenced this. In more recent productions, the charactes have noted the success the boyband have seen since their comeback.

Staff.
On 4 April 2009, Leung was guest programmer on ABC1's popular and long running overnight music video show "Rage". 
e.g. the location of the camera, the two kinds are eye-in-hand and hand–eye configurations. 
<doc id="16928849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16928849" title="Stamford Hill (disambiguation)">
CHLORINE TRAILER: http://movies.yahoo.com/video/chlorine-trailer-181012317.html

Legacy.
Somersham Town F.C. is an English football club based in Somersham, near St. Ives in Cambridgeshire. They club are members of the Cambridgeshire League Senior A Division and play at the West End Ground.

Marlene Marlowe Investigates
The Biz (TV series)
Factors affecting sex ratio in humans.
Strange Invaders / Invaders from Mars
