Wellington Crescent was once an Indian trail following the curves of the Assiniboine River. In 1893 it was named Wellington Street after lawyer Arthur Wellington Ross who came from Cornwall, Ontario and purchased land in Fort Rouge.(by Rosemary Malaher, Historical Tour Crescentwood, Winnipeg's Best Residential District
In 1907, Wilson was transferred to the Indian Political Department and sent to the Persian Gulf, where he served as a political officer, soldier and senior administrator. In 1920, he joined the Anglo-Persian Oil Company as resident director in the Persian Gulf. He worked for the company until 1932. Wilson oversaw the discovery of the first oil site in the Middle East, Masjid-i-Suleiman in 1908.
London is the capital city of England. It has hosted major international tournaments and has professional teams in many sports.

Tom Garvin
The final live performance of Theatre of Ice (at least that is what it was believed to be at the time) took place during the autumnal equinox in 1983 in a vast alkaline desert flat, littered with hundreds of dead animal skeletons, and located about 25 miles from the family's farm in remote Fallon, Nevada. A huge wooden TOI symbol was burned while the band played nearly every song from their first 2 albums along with several earlier works. Although the location was remote and was not well publicized, several hundred "devotees" attended the performance. The similarities in location and date between this event and what some few years later would become known as the Burning Man Festival are quite startling. Ironically the band closed the event playing “The Burning Man" from "The Haunting".
House Chamber.
Laura Marie Breckenridge (born August 22, 1983) is an American actress, best known for her role as college student Rose Sorelli on the television series "Related".
<doc id="3563270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3563270" title="James Motluk">
<doc id="3563367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3563367" title="Hypergamy">

