Starting in 1989 Piet Kee made a series of eleven recordings for Chandos, including works of Sweelinck, Pachelbel, Bruhns, Buxtehude, Bach, Walther, Mendelssohn, Franck, Alain, Reger, Hindemith, Andriessen and Messiaen on notable European instruments including St. Bavo Haarlem, St. Laurens Alkmaar, Roskilde Cathedral Denmark, Basilika Weingarten, Martini Church Groningen and the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam. Several of these recordings are now available as MP3 downloads.
Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) is a massive city-modernisation scheme launched by the Government of India under Ministry of Urban Development. It envisages a total investment of over $20 billion over seven years. Named after Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India, the scheme was officially inaugurated by prime minister Manmohan Singh on 3 December 2005 as a programme meant to improve the quality of life and infrastructure in the cities. It was launched in 2005 for a seven-year period (up to March 2012) to encourage cities to initiate steps for bringing phased improvements in their civic service levels. The government has extended the tenure of the mission for two years, i.e., from April 2012 to March 31, 2014.
The Article notes that whenever a State faces severe resource constraints, whether caused by a process of economic adjustment, economic recession, climatic conditions or other factors, measures should be undertaken to ensure that the right to adequate food is especially fulfilled for vulnerable population groups and individuals.
Plot.
The tree is fast growing, and reputed to have very attractive foliage and bark.
Initially marketed by Princeton Nurseries, Princeton, New Jersey, (but not listed 2007), the tree is not known to be in cultivation beyond North America.
Box Score.
Global bond

There have been claims of a historical link to the Parr family, most famously represented by Henry VIII's final wife Catherine Parr. Her Father Sir Thomas Parr is known to have owned or rented lands in the area.
This is believed to be the beginning of the end of 'Hmardom'.
Fritz Schäffer
