While the Miami-Dade narcotics detective was away from the scene in order to secure the search warrant, Federal DEA agents remained behind to maintain surveillance of Jardines' home. The search warrant was secured about an hour later, and was executed by officers from both agencies. The defendant was apprehended by a DEA agent as he attempted to flee through the rear door of the residence.
Selected as the lead single from the film's soundtrack in 1996, "Someday" was recorded by all–male R&B group All-4-One for the North American release, while British R&B trio Eternal recorded their own version for the British English version of the song which received international release throughout Europe and Oceania. Mexican singer Luis Miguel recorded a Spanish version for the Latin American market, retitled "Sueña", which became a major hit. The Italian version was recorded by Neri per Caso, retitled "Quando". The youngest Celtic Woman member Chloë Agnew covered this song for her solo album called "Walking in the Air" and her first Celtic Woman album.
Arabian Nights is the 8th issue of Classics Illustrated, created by Albert Kanter. It is an abridged version of One Thousand and One Nights in comic book form. This version of the tales consists of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves, The Story of the Magic Horse, The Adventures of Sinbad the Sailor, and Aladdin and His Magic Lamp, which are all a part of the traditional One Thousand and One Nights. The comic adaptations were meant to bring classic literature and mythology to a younger audience, and create an interest in young readers. Although abridged, the comic adaptation of the tales remains faithful to the original tales, although the origins are not clear-cut.
"Elops smithi" is distributed in the western South Atlantic Ocean from as far south as Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to the Caribbean Sea, Bahamas, and the southwestern Gulf of Mexico.

<doc id="37510205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37510205" title="Fishermen's Bend Aerodrome">
