Differences.

Hoagland was elected to the Nebraska Legislature in 1978 and served until 1986 when he declined to seek re-election. However, in 1988, when Hal Daub decided to run for the U.S. Senate, Hoagland ran for the open seat and was elected to serve in the 101st Congress. He was re-elected in 1990 and 1992. In 1994, he was defeated for re-election by Jon Christensen; his defeat was attributed to the Republican Revolution. He is, as of 2014, the last Democrat to have represented Nebraska in the United States House of Representatives. 
He is currently the assistant coach of the Canterbury Bulldogs.
The flywheel allows the direct capture of brake energy (when slowing down or descending gradients) and its re-use for acceleration (called regenerative braking). When the vehicle brakes, the hydrostatic transmission feeds the energy back into the flywheel. Since the short-term power demand for acceleration is provided by the energy stored in the flywheel, there is no need for a large engine. A variety of small engine types can be used including LPG, diesel or electric traction.

Fresh Radio
Backlash.
Steve Archibald (Tottenham Hotspur) and Peter Withe (Aston Villa) – 20 goals
Pseudonyms.
"Logos II".
Episcopal career.

Sumner P. Hunt (May 8, 1865 – November 19, 1938) was an architect in Los Angeles from the 1890s to the 1930s.
Image.
The Cathedrals soon became one of the most popular groups to be featured on the Homecoming videos. George even starred in some of Gloria Gaither's children's Homecoming videos with Vestal Goodman. (Children had written many fan letters to the Gaithers, and George Younce and Vestal Goodman were the favorites). George used his onstage clowning to good effect on these children's videos, riding a tandem bicycle with Vestal and singing fun songs like "The Laughing Song" and "Led Out Of Bondage", as well as a tender duet with young Madison Easter (son of fellow Gaither singers Jeff and Sheri Easter) on "God Loves To Talk To Little Boys When Their Fishin'". 
Hans Schemm (6 October 1891 in Bayreuth – 5 March 1935 in Bayreuth) was a Gauleiter in Nazi Germany.
Lock-Up's first comic appearance was in "Robin" #24 (Jan 1996) in which he captured Charaxes. He subsequently appeared in "Detective Comics" #694 (Feb 96) in which he captured the minor villain Allergent. In both these stories he only made a brief appearance at the end, removing the villain before Batman and Robin could return to the scene.
New Hope-Solebury High School
There are over 59 clubs and organizations including bands, choirs, religious groups, honor societies, several major Greek and honor sororities and fraternities, and ROTC.
Flattbush
Palmarflexion and dorsiflexion refer to movement of the flexion (palmarflexion) or extension (dorsiflexion) of the hand at the wrist. These terms refer to flexion between the hand and the body's "dorsal" surface, which is the back of the arm, and flexion between the hand and the body's "plantar" surface, which in anatomical position is considered the anterior side of the arm. The direction of terms are opposite to those in the foot because of embryological rotation of the limbs in opposite directions.
Besides being the house band for "The Late Show", the group has also been the house band for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremonies since 1986. In 1999, the group was the back-up band for the "Concert of the Century" at the White House. In 2001, they also served as the backup band for "The Concert for New York City" where they performed with David Bowie, Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, Eric Clapton and Buddy Guy, Macy Gray, and James Taylor.

On April 20 it was announced that the groundbreaking for Museum Plaza' construction would be September 27. The finalized list of features included:
Isle of the Ape is an adventure module for the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting, in which the events occur in a magical demiplane of the same name created by the mad archmage Zagyg Yragerne.
Asahi Top Eight Players
Danielle Hartsell (b. November 21, 1980, Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American pair skater. With brother Steve Hartsell, she is the 1999 U.S. National Champion and 1997 World Junior Champion. She married Chris Minnis on September 20, 2003
Wellington F.C. (Herefords)
Born in Yakima, Washington, Phil and his twin brother Steve (four minutes younger) were both world class ski racers and competed on the World Cup circuit from 1976 to 1984. Starting with the 1978 season, Mahre finished in the top three in the World Cup overall standings for six consecutive seasons, winning the title in the final three (1981, 1982, and 1983).
Exceptions.
In the ODI series that followed, he carried on with his good form. The first ODI was also played at Queen's Park Oval. Rohit was elected man of the match for his 68 not out of 75 balls with three fours and a six. In the third ODI played at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua; Sharma scored a matching-winning 86 of 91 balls. Rohit along with Harbhajan Singh got India out of trouble to win the match after they were reduced to 92 for 6. He was widely appraised for his calm and matured performance. Sharma won his first Man of the Series award for excellent batting performance throughout the ODI series. His good form continued as he bagged another Man of the series award against West Indies again but this time on Indian soil.
Kuusamo was involved in a war with Gyongyos over the possession of islands in the Bothenian Ocean when the Derlavian War started; they stayed neutral until the second year of the war, when Kuusamo declared war against Algarve over the massacre of Kaunians for their life force. The Algarvians retaliated with a magic strike against the capital city, killing two of the Seven Princes and a master mage. Eventually, the Kuusamans invented a devastating form of magic and used it to destroy Gyongyos' capital.

