The victims were also accused of being werewolves. The persecutions started in French-speaking lower Valais and spread to German-speaking upper Valais and to nearby valleys in what are now the Swiss and French Alps.
However, it is believed that mental illness or grave fear of suffering diminishes the responsibility of the one completing suicide. Counter-arguments include the following: that the sixth commandment is more accurately translated as "thou shalt not murder", not necessarily applying to the self; that God has given free will to humans; that taking one's own life no more violates God's Law than does curing a disease; and that a number of suicides by followers of God are recorded in the Bible with no dire condemnation.
Each judge also gives the performance a mark for 'Overall Impact' out of 5.
3rd Place

He brought a modern reality in the Albanian art, using impressionist and expressionist elements in interconnection with his naive and symbolic style.
<doc id="16832693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16832693" title="Cascade Christian High School">
In November 1996, Redford and Ka Hsaw Wa were married in a Thai village; they honeymooned in Phuket. The following October, she filed Doe v. Unocal, and in March 1997 it became the first case in which jurisdiction was granted over a corporation for human rights abuses overseas. This case was documented in the 2006 film "Total Denial".
Group decision-making (also known as collaborative decision-making) is a situation faced when individuals collectively make a choice from the alternatives before them. The decision is then no longer attributable to any single individual who is a member of the group. This is because all the individuals and social group processes such as social influence contribute to the outcome. The decisions made by groups are often different from those made by individuals. Group polarization is one clear example: groups tend to make decisions that are more extreme than those of its individual members, in the direction of the individual inclinations.
Many pioneering proverb collections having been collected and published by Christian workers, both from within language communities, such as Aster Ganno of Ethiopia, Samuel Ajayi Crowther of Nigeria, William Shellabear of Malaysia, and by those from outside the language communities. There is an ongoing series of collections of proverbs gathered from small languages of eastern Africa being published under the inspiration of Joseph Healey, published both in hard copy and on the web. 
Sanders won a women's work residency at New Perspectives Theatre in New York and has been commissioned by such places as Portland Center Stage Proving Ground (Salt Lake City) and Integrity Productions. She has been selected to participate in the Seven Devil’s Playwriting Conference and the Kennedy Center Summer Playwriting Intensive.
Sinking.
This achievement was checked by the controversy over the use of "graven images", and the proper interpretation of the Second Commandment, which led to the crisis of Iconoclasm or destruction of religious images, which racked the Empire between 726 and 843. The restoration of Orthodoxy resulted in a strict standardization of religious imagery within the Eastern Church. Byzantine art became increasingly conservative, as the form of images themselves, many accorded divine origin or thought to have been be painted by Saint Luke or other figures, was held to have a status not far off that of a scriptural text. They could be copied, but not improved upon. As a concession to Iconoclast sentiment, monumental religious sculpture was effectively banned. Neither of these attitudes were held in Western Europe, but Byzantine art nonetheless had great influence there until the High Middle Ages, and remained very popular long after that, with vast numbers of icons of the Cretan School exported to Europe as late as the Renaissance. Where possible, Byzantine artists were borrowed for projects such as mosaics in Venice and Palermo. The enigmatic frescoes at Castelseprio may be an example of work by a Greek artist working in Italy.
In San Francisco, the troupe performed four pieces:
<doc id="16837107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16837107" title="Dub Calgaid mac Laidcnén">
Department of Rehabilitation Independence 재활자립학과,
His first novel, "Almost Wednesday", was published by University of Queensland Press in 1996, and since that time he has released more than twenty books, ranging from novels and short story collections to chapter books for young readers.
Prophetic traditions refers to any written or oral prophecies within a culture, usually of religious nature.
