<doc id="2752786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2752786" title="AK Comics">
In August 2001, the Thomas More Law Center filed a lawsuit against Planned Parenthood Federation of America and its affiliate Planned Parenthood of San Diego and Riverside Counties on behalf of three California women. The lawsuit accused Planned Parenthood of misleading women about the safety of abortion. The Thomas More Law Center on behalf of the plaintiffs demanded that Planned Parenthood inform women of about a link between abortion and breast cancer. Although Planned Parenthood and medical experts denied any such link, a Thomas More Law Center lawyer claimed that a "preponderance of medical evidence" did establish a link. The case was dismissed by the judge, who said there was little likelihood the lawsuit would succeed.
Boyle was the son of Patrick Boyle, eldest son of David Boyle, Lord Boyle, by his first wife Elizabeth Montgomerie. His mother was Mary Frances Elphinstone-Dalrymple, daughter of Sir Robert Dalrymple-Horn-Elphinstone, 1st Baronet. He succeeded in the earldom in 1890.

In May 2006, high-quality forged Adult and Senior/Student Metropasses began circulating throughout the city. The forgeries could not be successfully swiped at turnstiles but they were almost indistinguishable from authentic Metropasses on visual verification. More than 120 people were charged with selling and using the forged Metropasses. The public was warned to only buy Metropasses from authorized sources but still the forged passes continued to circulate.
The New Year 1966 found "Wallace L. Lind" at Naples, the second of her Mediterranean cruise ports. The destroyer operated out of ports in Italy, France, and Spain and participated in a two-week search for a nuclear weapon lost off the coast of Spain. On 9 March, she joined Franco-American forces for an already-in-progress amphibious exercise off the coast of Santa Monza, Corsica. On 16 March, the ship began her homeward journey and arrived at Norfolk, 10 days later.
Eliza Jane.

In systems historically based on NTSC standards, for reasons originally related to the Chrominance subcarrier in analog NTSC TV systems, the exact frame rate is actually (3579545 / 227.5) / 525 = 29.97002616 fps. This leads to many synchronization problems which are unknown outside the NTSC world, and also brings about hacks such as drop-frame timecode.

In 692, together with Æthelheard, issued a charter to Abbess Cuthswith and also witnessed a charter of Æthelred, King of Mercia [http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?do=get&type=charter&id=75, together with Æthelheard, Æthelberht, and Æthelric. In 693 the four brothers witnessed a charter issued by their father Oshere [http://www.anglo-saxons.net/hwaet/?do=get&type=charter&id=53].
Twelve candidates are elected directly using the highest averages method on party lists with divisors of 1,2,4,8 etc. There are 18 party lists, the highest ever, with a total of 125 candidates, also the highest ever. 5 of the lists are related to gambling.
In 1965 the urban district was abolished by the London Government Act 1963 and its former area transferred from Hertfordshire to Greater London . Its former area was combined with that of other districts to form the present-day London Borough of Barnet.
SERVQUAL, later called RATER, is a quality management framework. SERVQUAL was developed in the mid-1980s by Zeithaml, Parasuraman & Berry to measure quality in the service sector.
Producing wood veneers.
Coleg Cambria is a large and popular college in Connah's Quay. It offers a range of full and part-time courses as well as apprenticeships. In an inspection in 2007 the college gained the highest possible grade 1 inspection ratings for its Work Based Learning provision, it was formally Deeside College, but a College Merger was finalised in August 2013 with Yale College Wrexham, It is now one of the largest College's in the UK and the largest in Wales.
The single stayed on the charts for 17 weeks, and was certified 3x Platinum in Sweden.
Flame plasma treaters generate more heat than other treating processes, but materials treated through this method tend to have a longer shelf-life. These plasma systems are different from air plasma systems because flame plasma occurs when flammable gas and surrounding air are combusted into an intense blue flame. Objects’ surfaces are polarized from the flame plasma affecting the distribution of the surface’s electrons in an oxidation form. This treatment requires higher temperatures so many of the materials that are treated with a flame plasma can be damaged.
In 1974, under the Local Government Act 1972, the urban district was abolished and its former area was combined with that of Sunbury-on-Thames Urban District to form the present-day borough of Spelthorne.
"Merlin HM2"
Martin Glacier is a glacier, wide and long, which flows west and then northwest from the south side of Mount Lupa to the southeast corner of Rymill Bay where it joins Bertrand Ice Piedmont, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under John Riddoch Rymill, and was resurveyed in 1948–1949 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. The glacier was named for James H. Martin, a member of the British Australian and New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (1929–1931) under Sir Douglas Mawson, and first mate of the "Penola" during the BGLE.
Merta was accused by a theology student, Vaclav Novak, and was sentenced by a criminal court to a two-year suspended sentence. The archbishop of Olomouc, Jan Graubner, was accused of moving Merta to different posts in an attempt to cover up the case. Merta is still employed by the church, though according to a spokeswoman for the Archdiocese of Olomouc, he has no contact with children, and works as a civil employee in the archdiocese archives.
29 June The security services issues two new lists of wanted persons. List A includes 15 names of persons suspected of terrorist affiliations and who are thought to be in the Kingdom. List B is of 21 names of persons suspected of terrorist affiliation, who are thought to be outside the Kingdom. 
Beyond the borders.
An important part of the Malmö M.Sc. education is the Field Study program that provides the opportunity for students to travel and to see what they are learning in class being put into practice. Each student in the M.Sc. Malmö program spends essentially three weeks traveling for field studies to host organizations in such countries as Canada, Chile, Denmark, Egypt, France, Germany, Greece, Korea, Malta, Norway, Portugal, The Netherlands, Singapore, Sweden, Turkey, and the United Kingdom. Field studies are also a part of the M.Sc. programs in Shanghai and Dalian, China, but are typically more regionally oriented.

<doc id="2759079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2759079" title="Bonecrusher (horse)">
<doc id="2759365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2759365" title="Nicocreon">
Doping revelations.
<doc id="2759726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2759726" title="Powers of Horror">
<doc id="2759959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2759959" title="Behshahr">
Early models were subject to complaints about the noise that they made when washing. This has been improved on with later models.
When the time came in May 2003 to record the second album The Vines had toured the US and UK four times each as well as Europe, Canada and Australia twice each taking in such legendary venues as CBGBs, Mercury Lounge, Bowery Ballroom and Roseland in New York, Shepherd's Bush Empire and Brixton Academy in London and every smoky dive in between.
Until recently she was the Chairperson of the Children's Film Society, India.
Took place April 13, 2013 at the Flyer's Skate Zone in Voorhees, NJ. Non-Tournament matches included: Adam Cole def. Sami Callihan, DJ Hyde def. Michael Dante & a Fans Bring the Weapons Match where Ron Matthis beat Rory Mondo.
<doc id="2760915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2760915" title="Cradock">

In November 2007, Doug Whitlock, the newly appointed President of Eastern Kentucky University, announced that the construction of a new building to house Model Laboratory School is on the horizon.
T/E School District serves the townships of Tredyffrin Township and Easttown Township, and is one of the several school districts serving the Pennsylvania Main Line. T/E serves all or portions of several communities wholly or partly in the two townships, including Berwyn, Malvern, Chesterbrook, Daylesford, Devon, Paoli, Strafford, Wayne, and Radnor. In the 2010-2011 school year, the school district had 6,323 enrolled students. In 2008, Philadelphia Magazine ranked the school district the best in the Philadelphia area.
In September 1943, the town of Montelepre was preparing for its annual "festa" for its town's patron saint. Montelepre was a very poor town, and in this period, food was very scarce and often had to be purchased on the black market because of the strict rationing laws that starved the people of Sicily. In reality, all food that was given to the government storehouses was appropriated by the Mafia chiefs and sold on the black market for the citizens to buy; the people of Sicily had to break the law in order to eat. Black market laws were rarely enforced, but smuggling was another matter. The Allied Military Government for Occupied Territories was using the remnants of the previous fascist government, especially the "Carabinieri", to suppress the black market. But since the Carabinieri's pay was irregular, and most of their income was bribes from major black marketeers, they focused their attention on minor operators. On a September morning in 1943, Turi Guiliano and his best friend Aspanu Pisciotta travelled to the nearby town of Corleone to procure some food for his sister's engagement party. On the way back, they were stopped by the carabinieri, and decided to take them on, for the food was too valuable. Turi was shot, but he also managed to shoot his attacker, a police Sergeant, through the eye.
