Eugen Sacharias (21 April 1906 in Berlin, Germany - 13 March 2002 in Adelaide, Australia) was an Estonian architect. He studied at the Czech Technical University in Prague from 1925 to 1931, after which he came to Tallinn to become one of the most important local designers of modern dwellings. 
According to legend, the castle Veveří ("squirrel" in Czech) was founded by Přemyslid Duke Conrad of Brno in the middle of the 11th Century, then only as a hunting lodge. Nevertheless, the first credible recorded mention about the castle is from the years 1213 and 1222, when King Přemysl Otakar I used the fortified castle as a prison for rebellious peers. Initially, it was apparently a wooden residence situated near the church of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary west of the present compound. In the 1220s a stone castle on the extremity of the rocky promontory behind a deep moat cut out of the rock started to grow. The so-called keep is the only structure which has remained well-preserved from this oldest building stage.
Planes carrying the brigade left England at around 09:45 and arrived over DZ 'X' at 13:00. After an uneventful landing the brigade, once organised, set off for Arnhem. The 2nd Parachute Battalion followed a southern route along the river Rhine, to the north 3rd Parachute Battalion took the Heelsum-Arnhem road through Oosterbeek, while the 1st Parachute Battalion initially remained in reserve at brigade headquarters. The 2nd Battalion, with 'A' Company leading, came under sporadic fire from pockets of German troops. 'C' Company were directed to capture the Arnhem railway bridge, but it was blown up just as they arrived. Pushing ahead, 'A' Company came under fire from German armoured cars and discovered that the central span of the pontoon bridge was missing. Entering Arnhem as night fell, the leading battalion elements reached the main road bridge at 21:00. Having secured the northern end of the bridge, attempts to capture the southern end were repulsed and the battalion started to fortify the houses and dig in. Following behind, other units of the brigade started to arrive, including a troop of guns from 1st (Airlanding) Anti-Tank Battery, brigade headquarters without the brigadier, part of the 1st Airborne Reconnaissance Squadron, and detachments of Royal Engineers and Royal Army Service Corps men. In total about 500 men were now at the bridge.

J.A.G. Roberts
The 2003 title game was one of the most thrilling championship matches in Arizona high school football history. The opponent, John Wrenn's Hamilton Huskies, fought hard with the Toros. The game went into three overtimes, where Hamilton would win 35-28. Since that game, both teams' fortunes have changed; Mountain View has only appeared in one state championship since (in 2006, took the loss to Hamilton), even posting the first losing campaign ever in 2010 and the first playoff-less season ever in 2011, while Hamilton has taken the role of football powerhouse. In all, Mesa Mountain View has appeared in 13 5A title games, with an 8-5 record.
Freybug



Nutty Buddy is an ice cream cone topped with vanilla ice cream, chocolate ice cream, chocolate and peanuts, manufactured in the United States.
By now the perimeter along the river was only about wide. In the south-east a large force of Germans managed to break through the brigade's perimeter and overran one of the division's artillery batteries, located at the rear of Lonsdale Force. The other artillery batteries opened fire on the Germans from a range of and requested infantry as well as anti-tank weapons to come to their assistance. The German force including two Panther tanks and SP guns, came close to cutting the defenders off from the river and were only defeated by the artillery, followed up by bayonet and grenade counter-attacks. Lonsdale Force spent the rest of the day in close quarters battles with Waffen SS infantry. The fight was likened to a "snowball fight with grenades" and at least one tank was destroyed with a Gammon bomb. In the afternoon, more Germans managed to infiltrate the perimeter. Only intervention by the guns of 64 Medium Regiment firing on the British positions prevented the division's headquarters from being overrun.
After the Cuban Revolution of 1959, Cuban artists became more isolated from the anti-establishment artistic movements of the United States and Europe. Though artists continued to produce work in Cuba, many pursued their careers in exile.
Rejangese is not obviously close to other Malayo-Polynesian languages. McGinn (2009) classified it among the Bidayuh languages of Borneo, closest to Bukar Sadong. It may be that it is related to the newly described language Nasal, but that is speculative at this point.
Primera División de México 1945-1963.
Mausoleums of Multan

Holmgren was selected by the Edmonton Oilers 67th overall in the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft. He never played for Edmonton as his WHA rights were traded to the Minnesota Fighting Saints. A year later he was selected by the Philadelphia Flyers 108th overall in the 1975 NHL Amateur Draft. He began his professional career with the Fighting Saints in 1975–76, but left the team on February 28, 1976, three days before it folded because of financial problems. He signed with the Flyers shortly after and made his NHL debut a month later. Holmgren's hectic first professional season nearly ended in tragic fashion. While playing for the Richmond Robins, the Flyers AHL affiliate at the time, he suffered a scratched cornea. He was rushed to surgery in a Boston hospital and an allergic reaction to the anesthetic nearly cost him his life.
In 2005, she was awarded the prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship for fiction. She was a member of the San Francisco Writers' Grotto, a workspace co-operative that also includes Po Bronson, Julia Scheeres, Tom Barbash, Peter Orner, and Jason Roberts, among others. In Spring 2007 she was named one of American's Best Young Novelists by Granta as well as one of "Smithsonian Magazine"′s Young Innovators in October 2007. In June 2010, Packer was selected as one of "The New Yorker" magazine's "20 under 40" luminary fiction writers.

Music.
The station was founded in the 1948 as WJMJ ("Jesus, Mary, Joseph"), which broadcast middle-of-the-road music and religious programming. In the mid-1960s it was acquired by Rust Craft Greeting Cards, which changed the call sign to WRCP and in 1967 changed the format to country music. In 1981, after WFIL adopted a country format, WRCP switched to oldies. Later in 1985, the call sign was changed to WSNI to match a co-owned FM station; for a time, WSNI broadcast an all-Beatles-and-Motown format. After 2 years a more conventional oldies mix returned and the station became WPGR ("Philly Gold Radio"). In 1995, when the station was sold to new set of owners operating as Global Radio LLC, it became WNWR and switched to mostly ethnic brokered programming. On June 13, 2011, WNWR's entire brokered program schedule moved to WWDB. 

A one room school house named WILCOX School District #1633 formed at Tsp 13 Rge 21 W of the 2 Meridian.
Pedestrians and cyclists are banned from crossing the bridge on anti-terrorism grounds.


Parties from Asturias Province.
The British Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted of five examples, built at Brush Falcon Works in Loughborough and delivered between September 1965 and July 1966. They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order, but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing , as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet.
Taxonomy.
The aft part of a car underbody is where a diffuser is usually located. It works by accelerating the velocity of the airflow underneath the car. The pressure under the car is affected by the diffuser so that it can expand back to ambient in the diffuser, as the car moves through the air. It uses Bernoulli's principle, such that the pressure decreases while the velocity increases. Since the pressure below the car is lower than on the side and above the car, downforce is produced if implemented correctly. The diffuser "drives" the underbody, which produces the downforce. Front diffusers also exist (especially on Le Mans Prototypes or similar cars); however, they generate downforce purely from momentum exchange with the air, as there is nothing ahead of them to drive. A poorly designed front diffuser can create a low pressure region toward the front of the car which slows the air behind it down and reduces the effectiveness of the rest of the underbody. Front diffusers usually route air away from the car so that it doesn't affect the rest of the underbody. The air can be vented through a channel or expelled near the front wheels.
His first major expedition was in 1596, when he sailed to Africa.
