Notes.
Hettige Don Rumesh Lahiru Thirimanne (known as Lahiru Thirimanne) (born 8 September 1989) is a Sri Lankan international cricketer. A left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler, he made his One Day International (ODI) debut in early 2010. He made his Test debut against England at the Rose Bowl in June 2011, coming into the side for the injured Tillakaratne Dilshan. In his first Test innings, he was dismissed for 10 runs caught behind off the bowling of James Anderson.

MCS (formerly Marlboro Classics) is an international fashion lifestyle brand based in Italy. 
Acrossocheilus baolacensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus "Acrossocheilus".

Anna-Maria Haas
Travel and sports books.
The 21st crossed the Rappahannock on December 12 via the pontoon bridges that had been constructed by the Union army and spent the night along the west bank of the river. On the morning of the 13th, the regiment was ordered to the west part of the city, near the base of the heights. Here they removed the grey overcoats that had been issued to them for fear of being mistaken for Confederates. From this position, the 21st watched an assault by a portion of the II Corps over the open plain leading to heights and were shocked by the carnage that resulted from the failed attack. Just after this assault, Ferrero's brigade was ordered to attack the heights and the 21st formed a line of battle on the open ground slightly after noon. The 21st advanced, according to Walcott, "under the best directed artillery fire we had ever suffered or seen." Color bearers were repeatedly shot down. One, Sgt. Thomas Plunkett, was hit by an artillery shell that took off his right arm and left hand. Despite his wounds, he managed to keep the colors from falling. The flag is today in the collection at the Massachusetts State House and still bears the stains from Plunkett's wounds. Plunkett was awarded the Medal of Honor for his bravery at Fredericksburg.
Four of the contributing properties in this district were previously individually listed on the National Register. These include the Union Trust (or Guardian) Building, an Art Deco–style building and a U.S. National Historic Landmark, the State Savings Bank Building, the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch Building, and the Vinton Building. Other significant properties in the district include the 1927 Greater Penobscot Building, tallest in the district at 47 stories, the 1959 International Style National Bank of Detroit Building, the 1920 First National Building, the 1925 Buhl Building, the 1909 Ford Building, the 1912 Chrysler House, and the 1925 Detroit Free Press Building.
On 7 August 2012, Cullen returned to Bury for a further loan period, playing in 12 games and scoring once. His loan spell was brought to an end on 18 October 2012 following a shin injury. On 31 January 2013 Cullen went out on a month-long loan to Stockport County in the Conference Premier. This was later extended until the end of the season. On 12 March 2013 Cullen scored two goals in a 2–0 win against Barrow.
Ensuring thorough penetration of fungicide throughout the structure of a non-homogenous wall is extremely difficult. “There is no practical way of ensuring that all dry rot strands within a wall are killed”.
In contrast with this plural use of the word, in a 1954 article written by Arnold Field, a reporter for the "Daily Dispatch", Gardner had apparently explained to him that "there are man and woman witches. Each is called a wica." This quote offers the only piece of evidence that Gardner also referred to Pagan Witches individually as a "wica". It is possible that Field misunderstood what Gardner was saying by not capitalising "Wica", and that therefore Gardner might have never used "Wica" in a singular sense.

It is not to be confused with the election to the North Carolina House of Representatives, which was held on the same day.

After several teasers, Hyuna released her first mini album, titled "Bubble Pop!" featuring five new songs, with a title track titled "Bubble Pop!". The MV teaser for "Bubble Pop!" was released on June 30, 2011 and the music video was released on July 5. The MV also stars MBLAQ's Lee Joon. In August, the Korea Communications Standards Commission partially banned TV broadcasting of the video for allegedly racy content.
<doc id="25758703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25758703" title="...In Black and White">
After two years of study at the university, Wang reached a pinnacle of his college career by delivering his third scientific paper, which described how the language that is composed and delivered by a brain, acts in turn to stimulate, promote, optimize and advance the brain, when this “interaction” is viewed from the perspective of the evolution of human intelligence. Antecedents to the thoughts reflected in the third paper can be found in the second paper and even in his first paper seven years before. The paper was reviewed by Wu Xizai (吴熙载), a distinguished professor in the field. Wu made a strong recommendation to the president of the university, Liu Daoyu (刘道玉), and asked the president as a favor, to allow Wang to change his major. Twenty days after Wang submitted his paper, which was on January 11, 1980, Wang became the first student in the nation and in the history of the modern Chinese higher education, to be allowed by Chinese Ministry of Education to switch from a major in social sciences – history, to be a major in natural sciences - biology. Wang's paper was a significant incident in the history of Chinese education and also changed his goals in life.
Zoned schools.
Baseball.

<doc id="25760925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25760925" title="Clay Mills">

Mark Ratner (Ben Savage), born on April 24, 1980 in San Diego, CA, is a kind and nerdy engineer who "just loves math." He attended James Buchanan High School in San Diego in the same graduating class as his eventual wife Heather Chandler and Sarah Walker (then using the alias Jenny Burton). He had participated with Sarah in several high school activities-AV Club, Chess Team, and Mathletics. However, when he designs a new super-bomber, his wife, Heather, associates with the Russian mob to kill him and steal the blueprints. Ratner believes that Chuck is actually the fictional Charles Carmichael, a dangerous and bad-ass agent, after being saved multiple times by Casey but giving credit to Chuck. In keeping with the series' tendency to reference popular culture, he shares his name with the nerdy Mark Ratner (Brian Backer) in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", while the trio's alma mater shares its name with the Sweathogs' high school in "Welcome Back, Kotter", both of which are more directly referenced in the subsequent episode, "Chuck Versus Tom Sawyer". "First seen in: Chuck Versus the Cougars."
All words and music by Willie P. Bennett, C&P 2001 Bnatural Music; except "Stardust" - by Carmichael, Parish.
Article 5(2A) of the Constitution allows the President to direct that any bill seeking to amend certain important clauses of the Constitution shall not be passed by Parliament unless it has been supported at a national referendum by not less than two-thirds of the total number of votes cast by the electors. The clauses which Article 5(2A) applies to are:
<doc id="25763160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=25763160" title="Hordes of the Jochid Ulus">
