Near the end of World War II, over two months of heavy fighting destroyed an estimated 85 percent of the town, including its castle, the Schwedter Schloss. The Soviet Army occupied Schwedt on April 26, 1945, two weeks before the final defeat of Nazi Germany.
Culliford sailed with the pirates through the Caribbean, sacking ships and attacking a town. They went to New York to sell their booty. Mason was granted a letter of marque by Jacob Leisler, then acting governor of New York, and Culliford accompanied the pirates as they ransacked and laid waste two French Canadian towns. The pirates also captured a French frigate named "L'Esperance". Mason granted this ship to Culliford, who renamed it the "Horne Frigate", Culliford's first pirate command. However, the pirates lost most of their booty when the two ketches they sent to bring their wealth to New York fell into the hands of French privateers. The disappointed Culliford returned to New York with Mason, where they returned aboard a single ship, the "Jacob", another captured French vessel, and set sail in December 1690. Culliford served as captain's quartermaster, one of two quartermasters aboard the "Jacob".
Lake Tillery.
FedEx controversy.
The district is in the most southeastern part of Manitoba.
The March for Women's Lives was a demonstration for reproductive rights and women's rights, held April 25, 2004 on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.. March organizers estimated that 1.15 million people participated, declaring it "the largest protest in U.S. history"; others estimated no more than 800,000 marchers, with the Associated Press and the BBC putting the figure between 500,000 and 800,000, comparable to the Million Man March of 1995. (The National Park Service no longer makes official estimates of attendance after the Million Man March controversy in 1994, so estimates are unofficial and may be speculative.) Participants protested the recently passed Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act (2003) as well as other policies they believed to be "anti-women". Pro-life protesters were present in some places along the march route. There were no violent incidents, despite the Washington Post's Hank Steuver referring to it as "aggressive and even occasionally, almost delightfully, profane."
The team's first head coach was Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes and the franchise's first star players were Bob Kauffman and Don May, who were acquired in the 1970 NBA Expansion Draft. However, in the NBA Draft of 1970, Buffalo passed on hometown hero Calvin Murphy, a 5-foot-9 point guard from Niagara University. Murphy would eventually be inducted into the Hall of Fame. As is typical of first-year expansion teams, the Braves finished with a dismal record, 22–60, seven games ahead of the Cavaliers, their expansion cousins, who finished at 15–67. Kauffman, who averaged 4.3 points per game the previous year with the Chicago Bulls, led Buffalo in scoring with 20.4 points per game and earned a spot on the 1971 NBA Eastern Conference All-Star team.
Safeway Locations Carrs Locations
The Maharishi Corporate Development Program is another international non-profit organization that offers the TM program to people in industry and business. According to religious scholar Christopher Partridge, "hundreds" of Japanese business' have incorporated the meditation programs offered by Maharishi Corporate Development International including Sumitomo Heavy Industries Ltd. In 1995 the Fortune Motor Co. of Taiwan reportedly had a 100% increase in sales after participating in the program. The "Washington Post" reported in 2005, that USA real estate developer, The Tower Companies, had added classes in Transcendental Meditation to their employee benefit program with 70% participation.
It is a unicameral legislature, currently made up of 71 members, who serve five-year terms. Legislators from outlying rural districts are chosen on a plurality basis, while districts located in more populous towns and cities elect multiple legislators by means of a proportion-based formula. Panama's legislative elections are held simultaneous with its presidential elections. 
In the summer of 1975, the folk singer Joan Baez dedicated a version of the song "Stewball" to Ruffian.
<doc id="632264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=632264" title="Provo (movement)">
Traditions varied or evolved with regard to which person could read the haftarah. As an indication that, perhaps to make clear that the haftarah reading was not the same status as the Torah reading, a minor (i.e., a boy not yet bar mitzvah age) was permitted to chant the haftarah (at least on an ordinary Sabbath), and there were even communities where the haftarah reading was reserved exclusively for minor boys. In recent centuries, when the attainment of bar mitzvah age is celebrated with a distinct ceremony, the bar mitzvah boy (now an adult) will read the "maftir"   portion and the haftarah. In some other communities, the haftarah could only be read by one who had participated in the Torah reading (in some practices, the "maftir" - the last man to have read from the Torah), or even the whole congregation would read the haftarah to themselves from the available "humashim" - this evidently to avoid embarrassing a reader who might make a mistake.
Other cases.
Aircraft.
