
The band Shellac use lyrics of T-Bone Slim in the song Gary. (Dude Incredible, 2014 Touch&Go)
Dynamic braking.
The name first appears in cuneiform tablets from Mesopotamia from the Ur III period (21st to 20th century BCE) in the form Adamshakh, with a probable meaning "Crocodile (Town)". 

<doc id="1846099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1846099" title="The Mosque Cares">
Isolation of pure CBcould not be accomplished by direct separation methods since the compound has such a high affinity for CB[5. The strong binding affinity for the CBcan be understood since it has a complementary size and shape to the cavity of the CB[10. Pure CBwas isolated by Isaacs and coworkers in 2005 by introducing a more strongly binding melamine diamine guest that is capable of displacing the CB[5. The melamine diamine guest was then separated from the CBby reaction with acetic anhydride that converted the positively charged amine groups to neutrally charged amides. Cucurbiturils strongly bind cationic guests, but by removing the positive charge from the melamine diamine guest reduces the association constant to the point it can be removed by washing with methanol, DMSO, and water. The CB[10 has an unusually large cavity (870 Å3) that's free and capable of binding extraordinarily large guests including a cationic .
Mixture is the predominant word that appears in training texts, operation manuals and maintenance manuals in the aviation world.
Premise.
Lord Dalhousie married the Hon. Montague, daughter of George Abercromby, 2nd Baron Abercromby, in 1831. They had no children. She died in November 1853, aged 46. Lord Dalhousie died July 1874, aged 73. On his death, the barony of Panmure became extinct, but the earldom of Dalhousie (and its subsidiary titles) passed to his cousin, George Ramsay.
As a young priest, Friar Giovanni was a learned archaeologist and a superb draughtsman. He visited Rome, sketched its ancient buildings, wrote the story of its great monuments, and recorded, deciphered and explained many defaced inscriptions. He stimulated the revival of classical learning by making transcriptions of ancient manuscripts, one of which, completed in 1492, he presented to Lorenzo de' Medici.
Stadion Maksimir ("Maksimir Stadium") is a stadium in the Croatian capital of Zagreb. It takes its name from the surrounding neighbourhood of Maksimir. The venue is primarily the home of Dinamo Zagreb, the top football team in the country. First opened in 1912, it has undergone many facelifts, and its current layout dates from a 1997 rebuilding. Many of the Croatian national football team's games are played at Maksimir, which competes with Poljud stadium for the biggest matches. The stadium also sometimes hosts other events such as rock concerts.
Socioeconomic initiatives.
The brand was founded in 1991 in Osaka, Japan, by Hidehiko Yamane.

During the early phase of reeducation, lasting from a few weeks to a few months, inmates were subjected to intensive political
Maynard G. Krebs is the "beatnik" sidekick of the title character in the U.S. television sitcom "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis", which aired on CBS from 1959 to 1963.
management of the Parliament of Catalonia. It is composed of the 
Studio Gallop produced an anime original video animation adaptation in 1988. A live-action television drama adaptation starring Kazuya Kamenashi from KAT-TUN and Meisa Kuroki aired for nine episodes in 2008. Viz Media licensed and released the manga and OVA in North America.

'No poetry before us
The knowers of the "sūtra" know it as having few phonemes, being devoid of ambiguity, containing the essence, facing everything, being without pause and unobjectionable.
Affair with Gifford.
Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (AMCC) bought assets concerning the 400 family cores from IBM in April 2004 for $227 million, and they now market the processors under their own name. IBM continues evolving the cores while supplying design and foundry services around the cores. Several cores are also available for licensing by OEMs from IBM and Synopsys.
<doc id="1848431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1848431" title="Eastern span replacement of the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge">

Showmanship
On the Indian subcontinent.
Variants.
