No playoffs: Jersey City was declared league champions
According to Nick Nuttall of the United Nations Environmental Programme, "Somalia has been used as a dumping ground for hazardous waste starting in the early 1990s, and continuing through the civil war there", and "European companies found it to be very cheap to get rid of the waste, costing as little as $2.50 a tonne, where waste disposal costs in Europe are closer to $1000 per tonne."
Sales.
To get the total volume that flows through the tube, we need to add up the contributions from each lamina. To calculate the flow through each lamina, we multiply the velocity (from above) and the area of the lamina.
Nissan Pulsar Hatch (Mid 2013)
On 30 June 1206, at Frías, Alfonso gave to the Order and Rodrigo

Vineyards.

<doc id="17019145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17019145" title="La Ondo de Esperanto">
<doc id="17019657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17019657" title="Tambo Grande District">
<doc id="17019792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17019792" title="Sicchez District">
Plot.
Following Cabot's acquisition of full Venetian citizenship in 1476, he would have become eligible to engage in maritime trade, including the trade to the eastern Mediterranean, which was the source of much of Venice's wealth. He presumably became engaged in this trade shortly thereafter. He is mentioned in a document of 1483 selling a slave in Crete whom he had acquired while in the territories of the Sultan of Egypt, which then comprised most of what is now Palestine, Syria and Lebanon. This is not sufficient to prove Cabot's later assertion that he had visited Mecca, which he said in 1497 to the Milanese ambassador in London. He may have acquired better knowledge of the origins of the oriental merchandise he would have been dealing in (such as spices and silks) than most Europeans at that time.
The first round was known as the "Appetizer" round, and five pun-laden categories (with food names taking the puns of questions regarding celebrities) were presented to the celebs, who were given $99.95 to start with (the first category picked by the winner of a drawing of straws in Jordan's case, "Indian leg wrestling"). Each category had a different value, from as low as $9.95 to as big as $17.95, and the first question in each category was asked as a toss-up. Whoever buzzed in with the right answer earned money and control of answering two more questions worth the same amount. If a contestant did not know the answer to a question, he or she could force an opponent to "eat it" and make him or her answer the question for double the value. If at any time a wrong answer was given, money was lost. At the end of the round, a toss-up question was asked regarding a piece of music three dancers sung and danced to, with a right answer worth $25, referred to as the "Blue Plate Special".
Cecily (notwithstanding her Yorkist family background) and her husband were both guests at King Henry's coronation; the following month, the new king lifted the attainder which had been placed on Thomas in January 1484 by Richard III for his participation in the Duke of Buckingham's unsuccessful rebellion. The Dorsets also attended the wedding of Henry and Elizabeth of York in January 1486. Elizabeth was Thomas' eldest uterine half-sister by his mother's second marriage to King Edward. When she was crowned Queen consort in November 1487, Cecily and Thomas were present inside Westminster Abbey to witness the ceremony. Cecily had been honoured the preceding year on the occasion of Prince Arthur's baptism when she was chosen to carry the boy's train while her mother-in-law, the dowager queen, stood as the Prince's sponsor. The ceremony had taken place at Winchester Cathedral.
After his playing career, Upton began coaching at the provincial and national cricket levels. From 1994 to 1998, Upton served as the physical fitness trainer for the South African cricket team. He was also involved as a key strategist with the team coach Bob Woolmer and then-captain Hansie Cronje. In 1999, Upton switched from working on physical fitness to mental conditioning in sports, taking an executive coaching program on leadership in business and sporting environments. Upton worked closely with Gary Kirsten, providing him support and guidance that Kirsten described as invaluable, and also helped Jacques Kallis overcome personal issues related to the death of his father to improve his playing performance. Upton described his work as helping individual players understand and overcome specific fears and emotions that affect specific aspects of their performance.
WXIN is located in the Ducey Student Media Center in the Student Union Plaza along with The Anchor, Rhode Island College's weekly newspaper, and Anchor TV, Rhode Island College's on-campus television station. The station currently uses the tagline "Your Station, Your Music." Veteran DJs and popular shows are often simulcast on Anchor TV Channel 3 on campus and the television station's uStream.
Prisoners on the Burma Railway.
Koktebel Jazz Festival (KJF) kicked off in 2003 as an attempt to revive Koktebel's status as the cultural center of the region, back at its days famous all over the country. 
By 1919 the demand for sleeping cars skyrocketed on the Melbourne-Adelaide train; this was due to a lack of watercraft still in serviceable condition after World War 1, and by the recent opening of the then-new Trans-Australian line from Port Augusta to Kalgoorlie and on to Perth. Four new sleeping cars were constructed to a similar design, although these had upgrades in the form of electric lighting (the first in the E fleet), and a different form of seat/berth design so that the seat backs were not used in the beds.
<doc id="17024432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17024432" title="Mad at Gravity">
In the United States unhealthy levels of pollution are measured by the Environmental Protection Agency and independent researchers or agencies, like the American Lung Association. Federal limits and pollution standards are set by the Clean Air Act.
<doc id="17025303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17025303" title="Romano R.82">
<doc id="17025692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17025692" title="Munson's sign">
Doyle Sooter, another Bethany member, described O'Brien as a great raconteur and "your best friend in life, no matter who you were. . . . He showed us how to live by how he lived. There was never a material bone in his body. He was the most remarkable man I've ever met."
The initial purpose of the plan was to have all accepted students enroll with the understanding that they would spend three months, June to August, at the Camp so that their suitability to continue at New College could be determined. In many cases the new students were well out of their comfort zone, the majority being from the city. Activities in agriculture, ecology, history and customs of the area, and participation of the culture of the people of the area served to give the New College staff a new lens to judge the capabilities of future teachers. Though this was not possible for the first group of 1932 enrollees, the camp idea was kept to the forefront of planning.
