

<doc id="37858307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37858307" title="Kieran McGrath">
Melkonian.
Agrisius albula is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Myanmar.
Nordic Game Jam is an annual game jam that takes place in Copenhagen, created in 2006 by Gorm Lai (the Danish chapter of the International Game Developers Association) in collaboration with Jesper Juul (the IT University of Copenhagen) and Henriette Moos (Diginet Øresund). It is the biggest videogame-related event in Denmark and one of the largest game jams in the world, with 500 participants as of 2014. Participants are given a theme or series of restrictions at the beginning of the event and are then given around 38 hours to make a game around those. In 2009 it served as the flagship game jam and inspiration for Global Game Jam. The 2013 edition of Nordic Game Jam was for the first time held at Aalborg University – Copenhagen. The latest Nordic Game Jam was held from February 14-16, 2014.

<doc id="37860179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37860179" title="Chaperone-mediated autophagy">
Beech was a village in Redford Township, Michigan that was platted in 1872. It had a general store operated by Albert Fisher and a sawmill operated by Dunning, Fisher & Rhode. It was also known as Fishers Station. It was annexed into Detroit in 1906.
Venezuela.
Colombia–Malaysia relations

-"My Wash Woman's Gone" 
S.W. Jack Cogeneration Plant.
Majority opinion.
Hallerstraße station is a metro station located in Rotherbaum, Hamburg. It is located in the Hamburg U-Bahn on line U1 and it opened in 1929.
Distribution.

Description.
Coccolithophorids and molluscs (including ammonites) became extinct or suffered great losses. For example, it is thought that ammonites were the principal food of mosasaurs, a group of giant marine reptiles that became extinct at the boundary. 
The invertebrates and vertebrates that existed on Pangea offer further evidence of seasonality. For instance, unionid bivalve shells exhibit uniform banding patterns. Unionid bivalves were aquatic organisms that required shallow, oxygen-rich lakes to thrive. During the summer when rain was persistent, their respiration occurred aerobically and precipitated calcium carbonate in order to grow their shells. However, in the winter, when precipitation ceased, the shallow aquatic environments within the Pangean continent began to dry up. Thus, unionid bivalves depleted their environments of oxygen and eventually had to resort to anaerobic processes for respiration. The anaerobic respiration yielded acidic waste, which reacted with the calcium carbonate shell, creating a darker ring and marking the presence of a distinct dry season. Once the summer rains returned, aerobic respiration was restored and calcium carbonate was once again produced. The transition from dry winters to rainy summers is therefore recorded in these alternating patterns of light and dark bands on the unionid bivalve shells.
<doc id="37865343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37865343" title="Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 2012">


