<doc id="36786852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36786852" title="Sea Palling Lifeboat Station">

Belgorod Oblast.
History.
Fluctuating fortunes.
Qualifying.
Charpa Falls is a waterfall located in Athirappilly panchayath in Thrissur district of Kerala. Located on the west-flowing Chalakudy River, this waterfall lies in between the more famous Athirappilly Falls and Vazhachal Falls. It is a popular stopover for tourists who are visiting the Athirappilly and Vazhachal Falls. It is located close to the road, and during monsoon months (June to August), the water splashes onto the road. During the dry season, the water stops flowing.

Huygens, however, became interested in the mechanical power of the vacuum, and the possibility of using gunpowder to produce one. In 1678 he outlined a gunpowder engine consisting of a vertical tube containing a piston. Gunpowder was inserted into the tube and lit through a small hole at the base, like a cannon. The expanding gasses would drive the piston up the tube until the reached a point near the top. Here, the piston uncovered holes in the tube that allowed any remaining hot gasses to escape. The weight of the piston and the vacuum formed by the cooling gasses in the now-closed cylinder drew the piston back into the tube, lifting a test mass to provide power.
A Fair Cop


Ottawa Ladies' College

The Takeover Group, started by Mr. Kwasi Danquah III, had its beginnings as a modest entertainment company. In 2006, Takeover Entertainment Limited was founded and began to trade in United Kingdom. In 2008, Takeover/Cloud 9 Unlimited was established as a global company. One year later, Takeover Group was founded and headquartered in Macau, and established an office in Taiwan.
<doc id="36796102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796102" title="Paul Regina">

Megacephala biimpressicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1960, and can be found only in Bolivia and Brazil.
Megacephala laevicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by C.O. Waterhouse in 1880. The species are black coloured.
GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.
South Korea.
Roule Cheese
Megacephala whelani
History.
Neocollyris compacta
The investigation was led by Detective Chief Superintendent John McCammont of West Mercia Police, and involved more than 100 detectives from three police forces. Officers examined similar unsolved murders amid concerns that they could all be the work of the same individual. Of particular interest were the recent murders of Tracey Turner and Samo Paull, both of whom were found strangled near motorways. McCammont ruled out a link at a press conference on 4 January: "I would stress that at this stage there is no firm evidence whatsoever to link Celine's murder with any other investigations." He appealed for information concerning a bottle of Pascal Chretien champagne, a gift to Figard before coming to England: "This particular type of champagne is not exported to anywhere in the world outside France and is not sold in this country. It is a 1993 vintage and only 60,000 bottles have been produced."

Neocollyris orichalcina
Seedrs is an equity crowdfunding platform for investing in startups and later-stage businesses throughout Europe. Seedrs allows users to invest as little as £10 into the startups they choose online and lets early-stage startups raise investment from friends, family and other independent investors in exchange for equity in the business. Seedrs is an "all or nothing" platform where companies do not receive any funding unless they reach their declared investment target, but businesses have the chance to accept more than originally asked for in a process called "overfunding".
Costa Rican newspaper La Nación, and Guatemalan newspaper Prensa Libre.
Antoine Vergote was born on 8 December 1921, in the Belgian city of Courtray in the Flemish province of West Flanders. After receiving his graduate degrees from the University of Louvain in 1954, he continued his education in Paris where he studied with Levi-Strauss, attended the lectures of Merleau-Ponty, and completed his analytic training under the direction of Jacques Lacan.
<doc id="36801537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36801537" title="Erlend Skomsvoll">
The self-censorship episode prompted the staff of "Egypt Independent" to write that "even after 25 January, self-censorship still plagues Egyptian media. As an Egyptian newspaper, we, too, suffer from it. But if self-censorship becomes internalized and goes unquestioned, it becomes an irreversible practice. We refuse to let this happen."

<doc id="36803192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36803192" title="Puinawai Natural Reserve">
NML Cygni or V1489 Cygni is a red hypergiant and one of the largest stars currently known with a radius about 1,650 times the Sun's, equal to 7.67 astronomical units. Its distance from Earth is estimated to be around 1.6 kpc, or about 5,300 light-years.
Antonio F. Weiss (born 1966) is head of investment banking for Lazard, an independent financial and asset management firm. From 2001 to 2009, Weiss was based in Paris, France where he served as a Vice Chairman of European Investment Banking for Lazard and subsequently global head of mergers and acquisitions.

After much reconnaissance Sam finds Luna Garza's daughter Emma and comes up with an escape plan. Luna transforms into Steve Newlin and gathers Emma, still in wolf cub form from the cage. Steve NewLuna walks out of the compound and is nearly out before she is stopped by an angry Rosalyn Harris. Rosalyn demands that Steve go on live television to control the damage caused by his and Russell's Greek night. Sam shapeshifts into a housefly and follows Rosalyn, Steve NewLuna and Emma to the studio. Luna loses control during the interview and shifts back into herself on live TV. She outs the Authority's plan for the planet before Rosalyn is able to cut the feed by knocking over the camera. Sam flies into Rosalyn's mouth and shifts back into human form exploding and killing Rosalyn.
Teams and drivers.
Kappa Pyxidis is moving through the Galaxy at a speed of 53.7 km/s relative to the Sun. It will come closest to the Sun 2.6 million years from now when it will brighten to magnitude 3.34 from a distance of 308 light years.
Brewing right

"Live While We're Young" was featured in a Pepsi television commercial for the United States that featured both One Direction and the American football player Drew Brees. It premiered on Fox in the United States on 10 October 2012. Vena called the clip comedic and assessed: "The brand-new commercial not only allows the group to show off their funny bones, but it also serves as a reminder that their new album Take Me Home, featuring "LWWY," is only a month away from dropping." It was one of the songs covered by the cast of "Glee" during the 29 November 2012 episode "Thanksgiving". The fictional character Sebastian Smythe, portrayed by Grant Gustin, sang lead vocals while the fictional Dalton Academy Warblers sang back-up. The version was released on the studio album, "". The track was also used for the opening scene of the Miss Universe 2012 pageant.

<doc id="36807437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36807437" title="Julian Dobbs">


He has been a member of the Advisory Committee on Services´s Policy U.S. Representative for International Trade, leading some U.S. delegations to Mexico and belonged also to the President's Hispanic Advisory Committee.

Firas al-Sawwah (born 1941) is a Syrian writer. He has written over ten books, "most of which have become bestsellers in the Arab world".
It was used as the theme song for the "Combat Zone Wrestling" event Gge of Death XIV, TNA Wrestling PPV Slammiversary XI and for the 2013 television series "Inside Combat Rescue" on the National Geographic Channel. The song was also used by Sony for starting their E3 2013 press conference. The song was played during the end credits of the "True Blood" season 6 finale of the same name, as well as the HBO Go commercial that immediately preceded the episode. The song was used in a hype video for a Korean "League of Legends" tournament hosted by Ongamenet, to introduce the two final teams for their 2013-2014 winter season.


Vileh, Ilam
Hesar-e Shaveh (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Shāveh and Ḩeşār Shāveh) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 25 families. 
The trial finally commenced in May 2012. Vickerman was optimistic because of the TV-Links case, where another judge had ruled that TV-Links had not infringed copyright. The trial lasted for eight weeks. David Walbank defended Vickerman. Ari Alibhai prosecuted the case. Vickerman was found guilty of "conspiracy to defraud" instead of copyright infringement.
<doc id="36811997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36811997" title="I Cavalry Corps">
History.
