The Bell Homestead National Historic Site in Brantford (also known as Melville House), the Bell family's first home in North America, was also rededicated at the same time on its 100th anniversary. Ontario's Lieutenant Governor, David Onley, attended a dinner and concert in Brantford for the commemoration of the Bell Memorial and rededication of the Bell Homestead.
He went to Algeria with General Danrémont, and was named Director of Civil Affairs in Algiers in 1837.
The Republican Union (, UR) was a French parliamentary group in the Chamber of Deputies of France during the French Third Republic founded on March 25, 1911 which united the left-wing of the Progressive Republicans, the most conservative group in the Chamber. The founders of the UR opposed the Progressive's rapprochement with the nationalist or Rallied ("ralliée") right. 

Wilhelm had 3 brothers: Emmerich (born 1877), Oscar (born 1881) and Maurus (born 1883).
<doc id="22906408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22906408" title="Avenue Berthelot">
"The Poles:" The Poles, who expanded from the west, had a number of disadvantages. The core of the Polish state was in the west and Poland was often distracted by wars with western powers, especially Sweden. Poland was almost an aristocratic republic. Its nobles sought to protect their liberty by weakening the king, which also weakened the Polish army and made a consistent frontier policy difficult. Their main problem was the alienation of the eastern population. The core of Poland was Catholic, but the eastern lands were mostly Orthodox. Society in the Polish core was based on serfdom, but there was greater freedom in the east. Lords with land grants in the east would offer easy terms to attract peasants. Many people in the Polish east were runaway serfs or adventurers who had reason to distrust a strong state. By the 1500s, Polish claims extended east of the Dnieper to a point south of Moscow, although the area was thinly settled and barely administered.
Etymology.
The narrator then asks the Prime Minister of Great Britain to help Belgium break free of Austrian control, and the poem ends with an emphasis on Britain having already experienced a revolution centuries before:
Howard enlisted as a private and musician in the 3rd Maine Infantry in June 1861, upon the request of his brother Oliver O. Howard, and saw action at the First Battle of Bull Run. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 61st New York Infantry on January 24, 1862, and served during the Peninsula Campaign, where he was wounded during the Battle of Seven Pines at Fair Oaks, Virginia. He fought at the Battle of Antietam and was wounded again in the Battle of Fredericksburg. In 1863, he was promoted to major and aide-de-camp to his older brother Oliver and served with him at the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg. He and his brother's corps were transferred to Tennessee and fought in the Battles for Chattanooga. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel and assistant inspector general in May 1864, and to colonel in March 1865.
Callabraxas is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
<doc id="22909172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22909172" title="Centronaxa">
Chorodna is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
Coptogonia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It is considered a synonym of Sauris.
Dargeia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 18, 2000 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
Goalscorers.
Regional Championships: 2006
Robert Leslie Pollington "Bobby" Milburn FSA (28 July 1907 – 14 February 2000) was an Anglican priest in the 20th century.
Air rifle, group 1.
After Caught In The Act disbanded, Lee returned to the UK to pursue an acting career under the name of Collin Baxter.
Urmas Liivamaa (born 24 August 1968) is a retired football (soccer) defender from Estonia, who retired in 2006 at Trummi Tallinn. He competed for the Estonia national football team at the Baltic Cup 1991, but didn't earn a cap because the FIFA issued that the tournament was non-official.

<doc id="22913663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=22913663" title="Albert Edward Martin">
≈The language adopts a combination of the declarative and procedural paradigms.
History.

Lubomyr Kuzmak
In 1997 Mick Doohan wanted to run a 180° screamer engine. HRC crew chief Jerry Burgess explains why: "The 180 got back a direct relationship between the throttle and the rear wheel, When the tire spun I could roll off without losing drive. The big bang has a lot of engine braking, so it upsets the bike into corners, then when you open the throttle you get this sudden pulse of power, which again upsets the suspension. Mick's secret is corner speed, so he needs the bike to be smooth and the 180 is much smoother."
<br>
Marlyn Mason (born August 7, 1940, in San Fernando, California) is an American actress, producer, screenwriter.
