<doc id="5956846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5956846" title="Erwin Chamberlain">
Rapper Common's "Misunderstood" sampled Nina Simone's original version for his 2007 album "Finding Forever". The song was also sampled for the 2008 Lil Wayne album "Tha Carter III", in the song "DontGetIt" and it was performed by Leona Lewis on the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards during a Lil Wayne performance. It has also been remixed by Granite & Sugarman for Nicola Fasano. The song's key lines are used as the hook of the 2012 Regina Spektor song "Oh Marcello!". Brent Smith, of the band Shinedown, has also performed a version that was featured in the trailer for the film Birdman, starring Michael Keaton.
GDR identity.
Teen Beef


Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said "I think it is truly deplorable that innocent people are falling victim day after day."
1761-1791 Kapellmeister in Bordeaux.
In synonymy:
I pak spui domnietale de lucrul lu Mahamet-Beg, cum am auzit de boiari ce sânt megiiaș(i) și de genere-miu Negre, cumu i-au dat împăratul slobozie lui Mahamet-Beg, pre io-i va fi voia pren Țeara Rumânească, iară el să treacă.
Gwyn Thomas may refer to:

Jimmy McNulty deals with the disappointment of his failed reconciliation with his wife by returning to his old drinking habits. He gets drunk and tries to drive home from the bar. When he crashes into a bridge abutment while turning a corner he refuses to believe he misjudged the turn, reverses back and hits it again, cutting his hand. He then gets some food at a diner and ends up having a one-night stand with the waitress. He wakes up the next morning hung over, with the cut in his hand having bled onto the bed. 
After "The Bird That Drinks Tears" and "The Bird That Drinks Blood", some readers wonder and hope that Lee would write the Bird series as a full tetralogy, because of an old tale told by the legendary Kitalger Hunters in "The Bird That Drinks Tears":
Fighter ace.
PAIS is one of three types of androgen insensitivity syndrome, which is divided into three categories that are differentiated by the degree of genital masculinization: complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (CAIS) is indicated when the external genitalia is that of a normal female, mild androgen insensitivity syndrome (MAIS) is indicated when the external genitalia is that of a normal male, and partial androgen insensitivity syndrome (PAIS) is indicated when the external genitalia is partially, but not fully masculinized.
In October 2013, Brocail was reassigned by the Astros to the role of special assistant.
