<doc id="33906071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33906071" title="8. November 1939 (Denkmal)">
James Lamont may also refer to:

Lady Sybil Cora Branson (née Crawley) (played by Jessica Brown Findlay) (1895–1920) is the third daughter of Lord and Lady Grantham, born in 1895. She is fiercely political (devoted to the cause of votes for women) which fuels her desire to break free from the social restrictions of the times. During one episode, she dons a pair of trousers, which was daring for women at the time, and somewhat shocks the family, especially the Dowager Countess. During another episode, against the will of her father, she attends the reading of the results of a by-election in the local town, where there is a disturbance and she is injured. At one point, she requests cooking lessons from Mrs. Patmore and Daisy to help prepare herself for nursing college in York. During the First World War, Sybil is distressed when she learns that her friend Tom Bellasis was killed in action, deciding to become an auxiliary nurse with the encouragement of Mrs Crawley and the Dowager Countess. Now called "Nurse Crawley", she tends to the sick and wounded soldiers both at Downton and in the nearby village.

Hungry Hoboes (alternate spelling: Hungry Hobos) is a 1928 American silent animation directed by Walt Disney featuring Oswald the Lucky Rabbit and Peg-Leg Pete.
In 1965, a mandatory retirement rule forced McKinley to end his umpiring career at the age of 55.

Southeast wing was built in 1925 at a cost of $165,000 and years later in 1939 extensive alteration and fireproofing was done to the southwest wing. Also in 1966 the North half was remodeled and in 1971, the south half was remodeled.
Private Zeng Zhi-Xiang (Jimmy Lin), is a self appointed fortune teller master and wizard who can put a curse on someone. A master at courting girls, he has two wives back at home. He was transferred to the "Special Squad" unit because while trying to get on the good side of his previous captain he gave his captain a few lucky numbers to gamble with which didn't work and caused his previous captain to lose a big sum of money. His previous captain put him through intense training as punishment for giving him phony lucky numbers, while yelling at Zhi-Xiang, the captain suffered a epilepsy seizure. No one believed the captain had a epilepsy seizure and claimed that Zhi-Xiang had put an hex on the captain for punishing him.
