The standard describes a procedure to detect EU banned aromatic amines derived from azo colorants in textile fibres, including natural, man-made, regenerated, and blended fibres. The standard is also relevant for all coloured textiles, e.g. dyed, printed, and coated textiles.
Country singer Dwight Yoakam has stated that Ralph Stanley is one of his "musical heroes."

The last three characters denote a "local delivery unit" (LDU). An LDU denotes a specific single address or range of addresses, which can correspond to an entire small town, a significant part of a medium-sized town, a single side of a city block in larger cities, a single large building or a portion of a very large one, a single (large) institution such as a university or a hospital, or a business that receives large volumes of mail on a regular basis. LDUs ending in zero correspond to postal facilities, from post offices and small franchised retail postal outlets all the way up to sortation plants. In urban areas, LDUs may be specific postal carriers' routes. In rural areas where direct door-to-door delivery is not available, an LDU can describe a set of post office boxes or a rural route. LDU 9Z9 is used exclusively for Business Reply Mail. In rural FSAs, the first two characters are usually assigned in alphanumerical order by the name of each community.
Palazzo Cavour (Turin, Italy),
Grosvenor was elected as Whig MP for Chester in 1847 and continued to represent that constituency until, on the death of his father in 1869, he succeeded as 3rd Marquess of Westminster and entered the House of Lords. His maiden speech in the Commons was made in 1851 in a debate on disorders in Ceylon, shortly following his tour of the country. Otherwise he took little interest in the affairs of the House of Commons until 1866 when he expressed his opposition to Gladstone's Reform Bill. This played a part in Gladstone's resignation, the election of the Conservative Derby government and Disraeli's Second Reform Act. The relationship between Grosvenor and Gladstone later improved and in Gladstone's resignation honours in 1874, Grosvenor was created the 1st Duke of Westminster. When Gladstone became Prime Minister again in 1880, he appointed Grosvenor as Master of the Horse, a position appropriate to his interests in horse racing but "not an actively political office". In the 1880s Grosvenor disagreed with Gladstone again, this time about Home Rule for Ireland. During this dispute, Grosvenor sold his portrait of Gladstone that had been painted by Millais. Ten years later they were again reconciled when they both opposed atrocities by the Turks against the Armenians. When Gladstone died in 1898, Grosvenor presided over a Gladstone National Memorial committee that commissioned statues of him, and rebuilt Gladstone's St Deiniol's Library at Hawarden in north Wales.
Multiple colonies of cherry-headed and/or mitred conures thrive in and around Santa Clara County, California. In particular Sunnyvale, Cupertino (especially around the Apple Campus), and Palo Alto.
The French Congo () was a French colony which at one time comprised the present-day area of the Republic of the Congo, Gabon, and the Central African Republic. 
In 2005 she wrote a letter in support of the Perkins Loan program, and told the "Seattle Times" in July 2006 that she is opposed to Social Security privatization. Cantwell cosponsored the "Pension Fairness and Full Disclosure Act of 2005".
Robarts initially opposed Canadian medicare when it was proposed, but later endorsed it fully, and the Party implemented the public health care system that continues to this day. He led the party towards a civil libertarian movement. As a strong believer in the promotion of both official languages, he opened the door to French education in Ontario schools.
Popular culture.
Crieff's Parish Church had a strong Episcopalian dominance from the Reformation in 1560 up until the "Revolution" of 1688. In 1682 William Murray ignored the Presbytery and brought Episcopalian format into worship including the Lords Prayer and the Doxology. The Apostles' Creed was also used at Baptisms. After the Jacobite victory at Killiecrankie, Murray quoted the 118th Psalm " This is the day God made, in it we'll joy triumphantly".
is represented by negating the problem (denying that it has a solution), and representing it in the logically equivalent form of a goal clause:
Program.
"Cowboy Songs and Other Frontier Ballads" emerged as a major collection of Western songs and had "a profound effect on other folk song students.". According to noted folklore scholar, D. K. Wilgus, the book's publication "sparked a great surge of interest in folk songs of all kinds, and in fact, inspired a search for folk material in all regions of the nation." Its success transformed John A. Lomax into a nationally known figure.
Early life.
The ZAKA network was set up in the early 1990s. The Jerusalem ZAKA organization was founded in the 1990s by Yehuda Meshi Zahav and Rabbi Moshe Aizenbach and Rabbi Zvika Rosental, the Director of ZAKA Tel Aviv, as a non-profit organization in addition to its police status. This arrangement succeeded the ZAKA organization founded by Rabbi Gelbstein in 1989.
When the Wu generals wanted to respond to the enemy's taunts, Lu Xun said, "This must be a trick. We should observe first." Lu Xun explained further: "Liu Bei is leading an army east to attack us and his army's morale is very high. Besides, his forces are based in high and mountainous terrain, so it's difficult for us to attack them. Even if we manage to win them, we cannot completely defeat them. If we suffer any setback, our morale will be largely affected and this isn't a small issue. Now, we should encourage our troops and make plans while waiting for changes in the situation. If we're on plains and flat ground, we'll be worrying about sustaining heavy losses in skirmishes and charges. However, as the enemy is in mountainous terrain, they cannot conduct a full-scale assault as they are sandwiched between wood and rocks. We should take advantage of this weakness of theirs." The Wu generals did not understand Lu Xun's reasoning and thought that he feared the enemy so they were very disgruntled with him.

This species has been described as a tiny (at only 13–15 cm in length, including its 7–9 cm tail), round-bodied tit with a short, stubby bill and a very long, narrow tail. The sexes look the same and young birds undergo a complete moult to adult plumage before the first winter. The plumage is mainly black and white, with variable amounts of grey and pink.
Texas designated the Texas horned lizard ("Phrynosoma cornutum"), the official state reptile in 1993 and the "horned frog" is the mascot of Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas. TCU is the only known athletic team with the "Horned Frog" as a mascot.

Artificial intelligence.
The "Design of Christianity", published in the following year, in which he laid stress on the moral design of revelation, was criticized by Richard Baxter in his "How far Holiness is the Design of Christianity" (1671) and by John Bunyan in his "Defence of the Doctrine of Justification by Faith" (1672). Bunyan described the "Design" as "a mixture of Popery, Socinianism and Quakerism," an accusation to which Fowler replied in a scurrilous pamphlet entitled "Dirt Wip'd Off". He also published, in 1693, "Twenty-Eight Propositions", by which the Doctrine of the Trinity is endeavoured to be explained, challenging with some success the Socinian position.
Scholar Stephen Orgel describes Cukor's film as "largely miscast ... with a preposterously mature pair of lovers in Leslie Howard and Norma Shearer, and an elderly John Barrymore as a stagey Mercutio decades out of date." Barrymore was in his late fifties, and played Mercutio as a flirtatious tease. Romeo wears gloves in the balcony scene, and Juliet has a pet fawn. Tybalt is usually portrayed as a hot-headed troublemaker, but Basil Rathbone played him as stuffy and pompous.
Morton was a strong supporter of the Progressive Conservative Party, but was very much a Red Tory. In 1969, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his contributions as an historian, teacher and author of several books on Canadian History".
Cambodia (; , Kampuchea, ), officially known as the Kingdom of Cambodia (, Preăh Réachéanachâk Kâmpŭchéa) and once known as the Khmer Empire, is a country located in the southern portion of the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia. Its total landmass is 181,035 square kilometres (69,898 sq mi), bordered by Thailand to the northwest, Laos to the northeast, Vietnam to the east, and the Gulf of Thailand to the southwest.
CIX
The Mycenaen Civilization.
Max Ehrmann

Around 1970, numerous newly independent countries realized that issuing stamps was an excellent source of revenue. Because the stamps were sent to other countries, there was little risk of the stamps actually being used for postage. Historically, a country issued stamps to commemorate an event or honor a national figure, but these new nations created stamps that appealed to popular collecting themes, such as Disney figures, airplanes or space, famous people in the world. Instead of releasing a single stamp, they would create a set, with values ranging from a penny to five dollars. The APS was appalled, and created the “black blot” program. The society published a monthly magazine for members, and began to include a list of new stamp issues that were judged to be overpriced or unnecessary. A country with high illiteracy and a marginal postal service did not require 100 different stamps each year. However, many collectors rebelled at being told to reject some stamps, and the program was eventually dropped.

On March 6, 2013, Chambliss was one of 12 Senators invited to a private dinner hosted, and personally paid for, by President Obama at the Jefferson Hotel. That same night, Chambliss participated in Rand Paul's filibuster over the government’s use of lethal drone strikes — forcing the Senate to delay the expected confirmation of John O. Brennan to lead the Central Intelligence Agency.
The current Prime Minister is Georgi Bliznashki, who has served since 6 August 2014.
On September 6, Colonel Bernard Theilen took the document and an imperial rescript to Washington, D.C., and presented them to President Harry S. Truman in a formal White House ceremony the following day. The documents were then exhibited at the National Archives.
2011 election.
There are houses of charities located in the town.
A third raid was conducted on the morning of the 26th. The RAF night attack of 26 July at 00:20 was extremely light because of severe thunderstorms and high winds over the North Sea, during which a considerable number of bombers jettisoned the explosive part of their bomb loads (retaining just the incendiaries) with only two bomb drops reported. That attack is often not counted when the total number of Operation Gomorrah attacks is given. There was no day raid on the 27th.
Books.
Soon after Houston Dale Nutt's timely departure, Razorback fans rejoiced as Atlanta Falcons Coach Bobby Petrino called the Hogs. Petrino quickly rebuilt the depleted Razorback football program into a top ranked nationally relevant program leading them to a BCS game in 2010 and the school's third 11 win season with a top five season ranking in the 2011 season. Petrino was subsequently fired as details of an affair with a member of his staff and Petrino's attempts to cover up this relationship surfaced. AD Jeff Long introduced John L. Smith as the interim coach for the 2012 season in late April.
Noted performers who have covered "Here, There and Everywhere" include Beegie Adair, Clay Aiken, David Benoit, George Benson, Peter Breinholt, Petula Clark, Perry Como, Count Basie Orchestra, Darren Day, John Denver, Céline Dion (for a George Martin/Beatles tribute album), Arik Einstein, Episode Six, Jose Feliciano (instrumental), The Fourmost, Jerry Garcia and Merl Saunders (instrumental), Bobbie Gentry, Stéphane Grappelli, Ofra Harnoy, Emmylou Harris, The Flying Pickets, Jay and the Americans, The Lettermen, Locksley, Kenny Loggins (on "Kenny Loggins Alive"), Claudine Longet, John McDermott, Carmen McRae, Olivia Ong, Maaya Sakamoto, George Shearing, The Singers Unlimited, Sissel, Göran Söllscher, Marina Verenikina, Jose Mari Chan, and Andy Williams.
Dog.
Under Hyland's guidance, the Aerospace Group continued to diversify and become massively profitable, and became a primary focus of the company. The company developed radar systems, electro-optical systems, the first working laser, aircraft computer systems, missile systems, ion-propulsion engines (for space travel), and many other advanced technologies. The 'Electronic Properties Information Center' (EPIC) of the United States was hosted at the Hughes Culver City library in the 1970s. EPIC published the multi-volume "Handbook of Electronic Materials" as public documents.

Criticisms and examinations.
Cause.

The International Hydrographic Organization's definition of the limits of the Inland Sea (published in 1953, and using now obsolete spellings) is as follows:

Reviews.
Microsoft and ExxonMobil have their Japanese headquarters in the in Konan, Minato, near Shinagawa.
Private High Schools:
Overview.
A table of isolated cases of babesiosis, which may be underestimated given how widely distributed the tick vectors are in temperate latitudes.

In fact, according to calculations made on the basis of the heliacal rising of the star Sirius (Sothis) and inscriptions found by archaeologists, this date must have been October 22. This image of the king was enhanced and revitalized by the energy of the solar star, and the deified Ramesses the Great could take his place next to Amun Ra and Ra-Horakhty.
After his discharge from the hospital in January 1943, Sakai spent a year training new fighter pilots. With Japan clearly losing the air war, he prevailed upon his superiors to let him fly in combat again. In November 1943, Sakai was promoted to the rank of Flying Warrant Officer (飛行兵曹長). In April 1944, he was transferred to Yokosuka Air Wing, which was deployed to Iwo Jima.
Later collaborators have included saxophonist Evan Parker, cellist Rohan de Saram, and clarinetist Ian Mitchell. Christian Wolff also returned as a collaborator for a concert at the Conway Hall in London in 2001. Prévost has reported that of all their collaborators, Parker and Wolff best grasped the AMM aesthetic.
Foster had been, prior to his agreement to bring the TUEL under the wing of the CP, a syndicalist, who believed that workers would seize power through workers' organizations, such as unions, rather than through political organizations, such as a communist party. He had led the AFL's failed 1919 strike in the steel industry and had established particularly close relations then with John Fitzpatrick, the President of the Chicago Federation of Labor.
The distinctive nature of this contemporary worship music (especially notable in the 70s and 80s, when most mainstream denominations limited their worship to more traditional hymns) gained a lot of interest. It led to the formation of a special music ministry that was later formed into a church-supported music recording and distribution company, Vineyard Music.
The Reseda Theater, at 18443 Sherman Way, was built in 1948 and closed in 1988. The exterior was briefly seen at the beginning of the film "Boogie Nights" (1997) with Mark Wahlberg and Burt Reynolds.
In his history of cancer, "", Siddhartha Mukherjee imagines Atossa traveling through time, encountering different diagnoses and treatments for her breast cancer. Atossa becomes emblematic of cancer sufferers through history.
The coat of arms of the Federated Malay States featured a shield guarded by two tigers. On the top of the shield is the crown (known as "Eastern Crown" in English heraldry), symbolising the federation of monarchies under the protection of the United Kingdom. A banner with the phrase "Dipelihara Allah" (Under God's (Allah) Protection) written in Jawi is located underneath the shield.
Language.
Euronext is a pan-European exchange based in Amsterdam, Brussels, London, Lisbon and Paris. In addition to equities and derivatives markets, the Euronext group provides custody and settlement services. 
In the fall of 1987, he retired from Duke University as Professor Emeritus, and continued to live and compose in Durham, North Carolina. His most recent composition is "In Praise of Science," which premiered at the ribbon-cutting ceremony of Syracuse University's Life Science Complex on November 7, 2008.
Planned developments.
By 1929, Russell's band became one of the top jazz groups in New York. It had several former Oliver sidemen. Noteworthy players in his band included trumpeter Henry "Red" Allen, trombonist J.C. Higginbotham and alto saxophonist Albert Nicholas; Armstrong wound up taking over the band as front man in 1935.
Government intervention may have helped in mitigating the hostilities in Shiraz following Akbar’s removal however other regions of Iran still saw a proliferation in protests. Bazaaris in Tehran were among the first groups of people to protest against the concession by writing letters of disapproval to the shah even before the concession was publicly announced. It has been argued that this initial opposition stemmed from a Russian attempt to stir up frustration within the merchant community of Tehran. Although the region of Iran called Azarbaijan was not a tobacco-growing area, it saw tremendous opposition to the concession due to the large concentration of local merchants and retail traders in the region. In Isfahan a boycott of the consumption of tobacco was implemented even prior to Shirazi’s fatwa (discussed below) while in the city of Tabriz, the bazaar closed down and the ulema stopped teaching in the madrasas. The cities of Mashhad and Kirman also experienced demonstrations in opposition to the concession yet historian Mansoor Moaddel argues that these latter movements were relatively ineffective. Other cities around the country such as Qazvin, Yazd, and Kermanshah were also involved in opposing the shah and the Tobacco Régie.
Ferrier was diagnosed with breast cancer in March 1951. In between periods of hospitalisation and convalescence she continued to perform and record; her final public appearance was as Orfeo, at the Royal Opera House in February 1953, eight months before her death. Among her many memorials, the Kathleen Ferrier Cancer Research Fund was launched in May 1954; the Kathleen Ferrier Scholarship Fund, administered by the Royal Philharmonic Society, has since 1956 made annual awards to aspiring young professional singers.

The Esperanza tombs of Mounds A and B are notable because of the interment within them of elite-use ceramic vessels in unmistakable Teotihuacán style. Teotihuacán was the greatest ancient city in Mesoamerica, with far-flung hegemonic reach from its location in Central Mexico. During the Early Classic period in the Maya world, art and artifacts, as well as hieroglyphics, attest to specific intrusions by and influences from Teotihuacán at great Lowland cities such as Tikal, Piedras Negras, and Copán, although the exact nature of this presence remains controversial. Teotihuacán, like the later Aztec empire, was drawn to the Southern area undoubtedly because of its rich resources of obsidian and cacao.
