For the species:
<doc id="28660404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=28660404" title="Gecarcinolaelaps">

Errancis Cemetery or "Cimetière des Errancis" is a former cemetery in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and was one of the four cemeteries (the others being Madeleine Cemetery, Picpus Cemetery and the Cemetery of Saint Margaret) used to dispose of the corpses of guillotine victims during the French Revolution.
Portugal started to occupy parts of coastal Morocco from 1415 with the conquest of Ceuta, which was besieged unsuccessfully three years later by the Moroccans. Then under Afonso V of Portugal, Portugal conquered Alcácer Ceguer (1458), Tangiers (won and lost several times between 1460 and 1464) and Arzila (1471). This achievements granted the king the nickname of "the African".
The anteroconid—the cusp at the front of m1—is usually divided in two by a central indentation (the anteromedian fossettid) in "A. donovani", but this fossettid is absent in "A. praeuniversitatis". Behind the anteroconid is the protoconid—metaconid pair of cusps. There is an anterolabial cingulum—a crest at the front labial margin, in front of the protoconid. There is a long crest behind the metaconid, a mesolophid. There is usually no corresponding crest (an ectolophid) behind the protoconid. Another pair of cusps—the hypoconid and the entoconid—is located at the back of the tooth. The entoconid, the lingual cusp of the two, is oriented forwards. There is always a large root at the front of the tooth and another at the back. "A. donovani" usually has a small labial root between the two large roots and often also another small root at the lingual side, but only one of four "A. praeuniversitatis" m1s even has the labial rootlet.
External links.
Others include "Wordtree", a UK-based "boutique" consultancy, and "Quietroom", London-based "brand language consultants". Wordtree published the first book to outline a methodology for creating tone of voice in 2012 - Brand Language: Tone of Voice the Wordtree Way.
