Sandilh Point (, ‘Nos Sandilh’ \'nos san-'dilh\) is the partly ice-free point on the northwest side of the entrance to Durostorum Bay on Oscar II Coast in Graham Land. It is situated at the east extremity of Tepava Ridge, and was formed as a result of the break-up of Larsen Ice Shelf in the area, and the retreat of Pequod Glacier in the early 21st century. Named after the Bulgar ruler Sandilh (6th century).
Galaxy Note Pro 12.2.

<doc id="38743711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38743711" title="Sabz Gezi">
Numerous small oval-shaped structures were found in the body cavity of the type specimen, each or less in diameter. These may be the remains of seeds, indicating that "N. wangi" was at least partially a seed-eater.
At Fortunate Fields, Frank was partnered with a female German shepherd named Kiss—whom he promptly renamed Buddy. He was trained in how to work with Buddy by Elliot "Jack" Humphrey, a self-taught animal trainer and dog breeder who worked for Eustis, at Fortunate Fields and on the streets of nearby Vevey. Frank and Buddy returned to New York on June 11, 1928, and immediately began telling reporters about how he could now travel independently with his guide dog. Frank demonstrated Buddy's abilities to the media by crossing West Street, a particularly dangerous waterfront street, and later on Broadway during the evening rush. His one-word telegram to Eustis summed up his experience: "SUCCESS."
Fathabad Rural District

The federal law authorizing construction and funding of the Interstate Highway System did not expire until 1970. However, 1968 was a presidential and congressional election year, and President Lyndon B. Johnson wished to see the Democratically controlled United States Congress pass highway reauthorization legislation that would demonstrate that he and members of his party were governing effectively and able to secure federal dollars for local projects. The bill reauthorizing the Interstate System was drafted by the United States Department of Transportation (USDOT). Federal Highway Administration (FWHA) administrator Lowell K. Bridwell—known to be skeptical of excessive highway construction—heavily lobbied for the bill.
Sir William Drury (c. 1500 – 11 January 1558) was the son and heir of Sir Robert Drury (before 1456 – 2 March 1535), Speaker of the House of Commons. He was a Member of Parliament and a Privy Councillor. His name appears in the Ellesmere manuscript of Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales".
</onlyinclude>
Jesús Merchán
In 1916, he was counsel for the plaintiff in the case "Savings Bank of Danbury v. Loewe" U.S. 357 (1917) which was heard by the Supreme Court. He case was argued on December 11, 1916, and decided on January 8, 1917.
A catena (Latin: chain) is a chain of related soil types, known as facets, down a uniform slope. The term was introduced by the soil scientist G. Milne in 1935, working in Africa, as the sequence of soils that ran from the crest of a hill to the floor of the swamp in the valley below it. In 1942, the American soil scientist T.M. Bushnell narrowed the definition to insist on a single parent material, so that drainage was the only difference (forming a Toposequence), but later authors such as Ruhe disagreed with this restriction.
