<doc id="1625446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625446" title="Shaw Park">
Awards.
Daryl Paul Somers OAM (born Daryl Schulz 6 August 1951 in Geelong, Victoria, Australia), is a triple Gold Logie award winning recipient, who is best known as an Australian television personality and musician. The son of a dairy farmer and a cabaret singer, Somers rose to national fame as the host of the long-running comedy-variety program "Hey Hey It's Saturday" and continued his television celebrity and status as host of the live performance program Dancing With The Stars.
<doc id="1625705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625705" title="The Quadrangle">
<doc id="1625828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1625828" title="Maximo">
It was decided "National Flag Day" would not be an acceptable name for the date, given the multiple uses of the word "nation" or "national" in Canada; some aboriginal peoples call themselves First Nations and various institutions in the province of Quebec are designated as "national" the National Assembly of Quebec, for example. The resulting inclusion of the words "of Canada" disambiguated exactly what nation was being referred to, but created a title that could be interpreted as suggesting there is a national flag for Canada Day. "National Flag Day" and "Flag Day" are used in common parlance.

Unlike some of the other vowel shifts, however, the California Shift Theory would represent the earlier stages of development as compared to the more widespread Northern Cities and Southern Shifts, although the new vowel characteristics of the California Shift are increasingly found among younger speakers. As with many vowel shifts, these significant changes occurring in the spoken language are rarely noticed by average speakers; imitation of peers and other sociolinguistic phenomena play a large part in determining the extent of the vowel shift in a particular speaker. For example, while some characteristics such as the close central rounded vowel or close back unrounded vowel for are widespread in Californian speech, the same high degree of fronting for is common only within certain social groups.
History.
Comparison chart between several selected Philippine languages spoken from north to south with Proto-Austronesian first for comparison.
The traditional dance gets its name from the Karma tree, which stands for fortune and good luck. The ceremony starts with the planting of the trees. Dancers, both men and women, form circles around it and dance with their arms around each other's waists. As the drum beats get quicker and louder, the dancers gain momentum and generally end in an uproarious tumult.
Mode 2 (X10): Rate Generator.
