Martin was a prolific Garvey scholar - he was considered by some "the world's foremost authority on Marcus Garvey" - one of his earliest works being "Race First: The Ideological and Organizational Struggles of Marcus Garvey and the Universal Negro Improvement Association", published in 1976.

In 1998, NBC aired "The Temptations", a four-hour television miniseries about the group's career. Ruffin was portrayed by Leon Robinson (who uses the professional name "Leon"). The actor won high praise for his portrayal of Ruffin, but Ruffin's family was upset by the way the miniseries portrayed Ruffin and filed a lawsuit against the producers of the miniseries and also Otis Williams, whose memoir had been the source material for the miniseries. The case was dismissed in favor of the defendants, with Williams later claiming that he had no real control over the presentation of the material.
Roger Moore (1973—1985).
A small cottage hospital was built on a hill overlooking the town in 1910. A new hospital was completed in 1928. Dr George McCall Smith headed the hospital from 1914 to 1948 and developed a unique health system for the Hokianga. 
Features.
History of Gloucestershire

"Indo-Persian culture" refers to those Persian aspects that have been integrated into or absorbed into the culture of South Asia, and in particular, into North India, modern-day Pakistan and Bangladesh.
• Stijena
Fargo/Wahpeton CSA.
The Summer Meltdown festival is an all day, out doors festival in Anchorage featuring mostly local acts in Metal, Rock and occasionally Hip-Hop. The Alaskan band 36 Crazyfists have headlined the festival since its inception in 2005 along with other acts, such as Twelve Tribes and Subconscious, with the exception of 2008 when Poison the Well and MxPx headlined the festival, marking the first time 36 Crazyfists has not headlined.
Hybrids.
In 1771, Sudak was occupied by Rumyantsev's army. In 1783, it definitively passed to the Russian Empire, with the rest of Crimea. Though sometimes contested, it seems that a mass emigration occurred as a result of the ensuing instability in that period. Even Potemkin ordered in 1778 the eviction of the Christian population from Crimea. The town rapidly turned into a small village, and according to the 1805 census, Sudak had just 33 inhabitants.
Discretizing probability-measure designs.
The arcade game was also ported for the Nintendo Entertainment System as well as the Japan only game for the PC Engine, Sharp X68000, and FM Towns in 1990. The PC Engine version was later re-released for the Virtual Console only in Japan. In 1998, "Image Fight", along with another arcade game by Irem, X-Multiply, was released only in Japan as a one-disc double-bill for the Sony PlayStation and the Sega Saturn.
Some historians have also suspected the "Galleanists" of perpetrating the Preparedness Day bombing in San Francisco on July 22, 1916. No known "Galleanists" were among those indicted for the attack, but the time bomb's design and construction – a cast steel pipe packed with explosives, a timing mechanism, and metal slugs designed to act as shrapnel and increase casualties – was typical of later "Galleanist" bombing campaigns, the work of Mario Buda in particular. Additionally, in an ominous apparent reference to the earlier mass poisoning by the "Galleanist" Nestor Dondoglio, San Francisco police recovered two unsigned letters urging the headwaiter at the St. Francis Hotel to poison soup served to Police Commissioner James Woods, one of the organizers of the Preparedness Day march.
<doc id="1292614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1292614" title="Ellen Foley">
Track 2 was recorded in Toronto.
Woodley and Lane have created two television shows together. "The Adventures of Lano and Woodley", which premiered on the ABC in 1997, was a comedy series which featured the duo living together in a fictional suburban Melbourne flat and frequently getting into trouble. It aired for two seasons, becoming the first Australian show to be sold to the BBC and airing in 38 other countries. Although they were offered the opportunity to make the series in England, the pair decided to remain in Australia because they did not want to live in London. In 2004 their live show, "The Island", was filmed as a TV special and aired on The Comedy Channel. The duo have also released an album, "Lano & Woodley Sing Songs", and a novel, "Housemeeting".
where formula_34 is the Einstein tensor.
On 24 February 2006, Viking Air of Victoria purchased the type certificates from Bombardier Aerospace for all the original De Havilland designs including:
Film production.
<doc id="1294215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1294215" title="Proto Man">
<doc id="1294563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1294563" title="Bi-Mart">
An example of how this system works is when a passive infrared or other sensor is triggered a designated number of video frames from before and after the event is sent to the central station.
Booker all 13 games in which he played in 2003 and was the Bears’ leading receiver for the third straight year, catching 52 passes for and four touchdowns. He was inactive for three games in October and November with an ankle injury. He compiled the seventh receiving game of his career as he totaled on five receptions, including a TD catch, at Green Bay on December 7, when he tied Neal Anderson for fifth on Chicago’s all-time receiving list with 302. Booker caught six passes for in finale at the Kansas City Chiefs on December 28, as he set a Bears record for consecutive games with a reception (58).

Coca-Cola HBC's product line includes a diverse range of ready-to-drink non-alcoholic beverages in the sparkling, juice, water, sport, energy, tea and coffee categories.
Current Hong Kong Time can be obtained from the Observatory's Network Time Server.
Another alternative version:


<doc id="1296202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1296202" title="Elliniko, Arcadia">
In 1963, Clara Ward was the second gospel singer to sing gospel songs on Broadway in Langston Hughes' play "Tambourines To Glory"(The first being her former group members, which were known as the Stars of Faith, which starred Langston Hughes in the first Gospel stage play and first play that featured an all black cast to be produced on Broadway, "The Black Nativity".). She was also the play's musical director.
To achieve these data-rates, data is clocked on rising and falling edges for 1000 Mbit/s, and on rising edges only for 10/100 Mbit/s. The RX_CTL signal carries RXDV (data valid) on the rising edge, and (RXDV xor RXER) on the falling edge. The TX_CTL signal likewise carries TXEN on rising edge and (TXEN xor TXER) on the falling edge. This is the case for both 1000 Mbit/s and 10/100 Mbit/s.
Career statistics.
Sike
