Vergne suffered an engine failure on lap 50 and retired for the fourth time in six races in 2014, matching Sutil's record. Valtteri Bottas was caught by Esteban Gutiérrez, Räikkönen and Massa – who was on fresh tyres – before Bottas' engine failed on lap 55. Gutiérrez hit the guardrail at La Rascasse on lap 59, damaging the rear suspension of his Sauber and causing him to retire while running in eighth and on course for his first points of the season. This promoted Jules Bianchi into tenth, which put him in position to score Marussia's first points in Formula One, but he also earned a five-second time penalty for illegally taking an earlier, five-second time penalty under the safety car. The penalty was applied to Bianchi's total race time post-race as he did not pit again in the remaining laps.

Synopsis.
Rivers in Debub Bench include the Akobo, which has its source in this woreda.
With the advent of British rule in India, a new situation was created with the arrival of the Europeans, who were habituated to eating beef. The British slaughtered cattle for food, bones and leather on a large scale. Beef was a popular food for the British living in India. The first slaughterhouse in India was built in Calcutta (now Kolkata) in 1760 by Robert Clive, then Governor of Bengal, and had the means to kill nearly 30,000 cows daily. Several more slaughterhouses were set up in various parts of the country by the Commissariat Wing of the three British armies of Bengal, Madras and Bombay Presidencies. By 1910, there were 350 slaughterhouses working round the clock.
<doc id="38849610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38849610" title="Zimmerwald Left">

Series overview.
In order to cover the costs associated with processing visa claims and immigration applications, the budget proposal allocates an additional $42 million for visa and $44 million for citizenship programs. This is expected to reduce the backlog of almost 320,000 unprocessed citizenship applications. The costs for submitting an application are also increased.
