o.k. is a 1970 West German anti-war film directed by Michael Verhoeven. It was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 43rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination. The film was also entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival. However, the competition was cancelled and no prizes were awarded, over controversy surrounding the film.
Aired 11 November 2008.

On September 19, French issued a letter detailing the status of the thirteen witness subpoenas authorized by the Senate Judiciary Committee on September 12. As of the 19th, six of the subpoenas had been served, to Todd Palin, Ivy Frye, Ruaro, Bailey, Bitney and Wilkes. The former three failed to appear on September 19, as ordered. The latter three complied with the subpoena by providing statements to Branchflower. The cell-phone company also was served and complied by providing Bailey's records.
The Animal Rights Party (, TRP) is an animal welfare political party in Austria. It is led by Ralph Chaloupek. It contested the Lower Austrian state election (although only in Mödling, where it got 854 votes and became the strongest minor party with 1.34% locally). It also contested the 2008 national election, but only in Vienna.
<doc id="19097306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19097306" title="Alicia Sacramone">
British investment helped Chile become prosperous and British seamen helped the Chilean navy become a strong force in the South Pacific. Chile won two wars, the first against the Peru-Bolivian Confederation and the second, the War of the Pacific, in 1878–79, against an alliance between Peru and Bolivia. The liberal-socialist "Revolution of 1891" introduced political reforms modeled on British parliamentary practice and lawmaking.
On April 20, 1985, a new two-room school building was blessed, through the efforts of the late Monsignor Isidro L. Jose, also a former parish priest and the generous donations of parishioners and friends. The learning center was renamed the "Sta. Rosa Parochial School" in 1988, with Mrs. Teresita Mateo appointed as the grade school coordinator. The building was then converted into a four-room school building through the initiative of the late Monsignor Jose and the school principal, Ms. Belen B. Ramos.
Series One.
His chief historical work was a volume entitled "Ossian and the Clyde", in which he sought to confirm the authenticity of the Ossianic poems by the identification of topographical references that could not be know to Macpherson. He also contributed a remarkable series of letters to a Glasgow journal on Ptolemy’s map of Egypt, showing that the discoveries of Speke and Grant had been foreshadowed by the old geographer. He took a keen interest in educational matters, and was a member of the first two school boards in Glasgow. His most original contribution to literature was a translation of the Psalms of David from Hebrew into the Scottish language, under the title "The Psalms: frae Hebrew intil Scottis", in which he showed his profound linguistic knowledge. This work was followed in 1870 by a similar translation of Isaiah. In the early part of his career he attracted much notice by lectures which he delivered in London and the principal Scottish towns. Between 1882 and 1885 he edited the Waverley novels with notes and an introduction. 
Artisan cheese
Since the outlawing of hunting with dogs in Great Britain, various clubs have been offering registration for the Welsh Hound as a rare breed pet.

Lala Cassandra Sloatman (born October 12, 1970) is an American model, actress and costumer. Her uncle was musician Frank Zappa; her cousins are Ahmet, Diva, Moon and Dweezil Zappa. She is frequently billed by her first name only, and sometimes as Lala Zappa.
On 3 May, Oasis played their fourth gig on Buenos Aires, Argentina. At the end of "Don't Look Back in Anger", Noel Gallagher got sentimental due the accompaniment of the public towards him. Before "I Am the Walrus", the people started to sing "Live Forever" (this also happened in Lima), suggesting the brothers to play it. The band didn't accept and then continued with the final song. After that, Noel Gallagher said it was one of the best shows of his life.
<doc id="19101245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19101245" title="Peugeot UO-8">

Social dangerousness
Sanrat represented Thailand at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Orranut Klomdee, Jutamass Thavoncharoen and Sangwan Jaksunin. In their first round heat they placed fifth in a time of 44.38 seconds was the eleventh time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.

<doc id="19103471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19103471" title="Newson Garrett">
Elmer Forbes
Reaction.
