Shane Richmond identifies two obstacles that could slow down the adoption of wikis: inaccuracy and vandalism:


Green Star Awards.
<doc id="12163863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12163863" title="2006 New York Mets season">
<doc id="12164183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12164183" title="Danish electoral age referendum, 1969">
Miller recorded two songs, "T.V.O.D." and "Warm Leatherette". The latter was inspired by J.G. Ballard's novel "Crash". He called it The Normal to demystify and make it very bland and completed the package by setting up a record label for the release, Mute. He had researched how to make a single so he got some test pressings. Not knowing anything about retail or distribution he approached Rough Trade Records in Portobello Road, London. Originally a record outlet, Rough Trade had expanded into a label and distribution network. Miller took a test pressing into the shop to see if they would be interested in buying a box of them. Rough Trade Records boss Geoff Travis went to the back of the shop with Miller and played "Warm Leatherette". They loved the recording and helped him press 2000 copies of the single. "Warm Leatherette" was released in May 1978 and sold out very quickly. After receiving critical acclaim for the project Miller decided to explore further. He had been helping out at the Rough Trade Shop when he was given an offer of live work. He didn't want to perform alone so he decided to form a little group with a person he had recently met. This person was the late Robert Rental who was recording a similar style of music to Miller. The live event was hosted by DJ Colin Favor and included Throbbing Gristle and Cabaret Voltaire. After that event Miller and Rental took on a Rough Trade tour supporting Stiff Little Fingers. Miller and Rental went down very badly; Stiff Little Fingers were a traditional punk band supported by two people with synthesizers and a backing tape.
It's Alright (Jay-Z and Memphis Bleek song)
Gaskell's false serotine
CFSI can refer to:
Lead singer Gareth Campesinos! often expresses his dislike of the song. By 2008, the band had stopped performing the song live, but it appeared in the setlist of the concert recorded for their 2013 live album "A Good Night for a Fist Fight".

This is an example of a one line order. Some of the data content has been anonymised.
The book collects twenty-two short pieces by Dunsany.
Going into the race Sebastien Bourdais found himself in an unusual position: third place in the season points standings behind Robert Doornbos and Will Power. Starting from second on the grid next to Power, Bourdais swept around the pole-sitter on the outside through Edmonton's wide first turn. Bourdais led the race until his first pit stop on lap 21. Bourdais was forced to wait critical seconds for Katherine Legge to enter her pit stall and lost two positions.
Published by Zondervan.
Awarded the Silver Star.
Ben Covington.
It is found in Indonesia and possibly the Philippines.
Ligertwood did not make any further first-class appearances in his career, though he remained in cricket during the 1997 season, playing on an occasional basis in the Second XI Championship and Second XI Trophy.
Hofbieber is a municipality in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany. 
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in"

Echolocation.
