Imam of the Mosque Rahmaniya.

Birubari is a locality of Guwahati, Assam, India. It is surrounded by localities of Rupnagar and Bhangagarh.
Following the war Muzzey practiced law for a year in Leavenworth, Kansas. Later he studied to become a Unitarian minister at Harvard Divinity School and graduated in 1869; he was settled over the Unitarian churches of Littleton and Stow, Massachusetts. In February 1877 he was appointed overseer of the poor in Cambridge, Massachusetts and secretary of the board in May which offices he held until death. He introduced many innovations which proved beneficial to the department.
Félix Regnault (17 June 1863 in Rennes – 4 October 1938) was a French physician, anthropologist and prehistorian.
<doc id="40239382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40239382" title="Symmocoides marthae">
Dedham High School
Operation Phototrack
<doc id="40240569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40240569" title="Strathy Hall">
Hundreds of people demonstrated against the clearing of the protesters in Kuwait and chanted slogans against Egyptian General Abdel-Fattah el-Sisi; while an unnamed cleric called on Kuwaitis to demonstrate after Friday prayers outside the U.S. embassy. Other solidarity protests were held in neighbouring Tel Aviv and Gaza, as well as Turkey, Tunisia and Jordan. In Ankara, about 300 protesters gathered outside the Egyptian embassy, then went to the U.S. embassy and chanted anti-U.S. slogans and held up pictures of Morsi. In Vienna, about 500 demonstrators, most of them Egyptians, gathered in St. Stephens Square, chanting Morsi's name. Organiser Ali Ibrahim of the Egyptian Community in Austria said that the protest was not in support of Morsi but "for democracy and the protection of freedom." After Friday prayers, thousands of protesters gathered in several cities across Indonesia, calling for an end to the bloodshed in Egypt. At a sit-in near the Egyptian embassy in Algiers, dozens of Egyptians, mostly students, protested against their violence and denounced the events as "against the Egyptian people."
Shur Ab (, also Romanized as Shūr Āb) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 301, in 68 families. 

During the First World War, he joined the Royal Flying Corps, became a lieutenant colonel and was awarded an OBE in 1918. He set up in business as a stockbroker under the name of Harcourt Gold & Co.
