In 1985, Omelianchik won the Soviet National Championships, beating the future Olympic champion Elena Shushunova. She also competed at the European Championships for the first time, winning the balance beam title showing a triple twist dismount. She also won a bronze medal in the all-around behind Shushunova and East German Maxi Gnauck, silver on the floor exercise and bronze on the uneven bars.

<doc id="4530858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4530858" title="Jerry's">
See also.
The organisation is active in around 30 key markets, including Australia, where it aims to grow demand for the destination’s tourism experiences by promoting the unique attributes which will entice people to visit.
Each National Collegiate Roller Hockey Association game is played between two teams, 4 skaters aside, and is 36 minutes long. The game is composed of three 12–stopped clock periods with an intermission of one–minute between periods. At the end of the 36–minute regulation time, the team with the most goals wins the game. If at the end of regulation time, both teams are tied with the same number of goals, the game shall go to a 3 on 3-five minute sudden death overtime. If neither team scored after the 5 minutes have elapsed, a winner shall be declared by a shootout.
At the summit of Kippure is a 127m television and radio transmitter mast, the oldest television transmitter site in the Republic of Ireland. It was first identified as a transmitter site as part of a Radio Éireann survey into potential FM broadcast band radio transmitter sites in the mid-1950s. The Irish Board of Works built an access road to the site in 1959, and by the summer of 1961 the mast was erected. Television trade test transmissions followed, consisting of slide views of Ireland, a testcard, and the music of Count John McCormack.
Aliyev was also the first ambassador of Azerbaijan to Cuba (2006).
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "B", the second-lowest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.

Eight "chiburi" were then incorporated into the system. The basic "chiburi" used in both Toyama-ryū iaidō and Nakamura-ryū "battōdō" is actually an "en garde" position: the sword is snapped down, its point slightly elevated at knee level; from this position, one can maintain "zanshin" as well as convert easily to a thrust, should the need arise. Nakamura added seven more "chiburi", notably from Omori-ryū and Tenshin Shōden Katori Shintō-ryū "kenjutsu". 
Life in Vrindavan.
<doc id="4533280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4533280" title="Finmere">
Van Halen removed both tone control potentiometers and wired the pickups in a simple circuit, largely due to his limited knowledge of electrical circuitry. Famously, he used a knob reading "tone" on the volume control spot and then used a vinyl record he carved into a pickguard to cover the controls. Later, the pickguard was changed to a real pickguard that had been similarly shaped. The pickguard has five holes for mounting screws (one hole was drilled by Eddie), but only three screws were ever installed. A strip of double-sided masking tape was also added near the pickguard, on which he would place several picks. The simple circuit consisted of a single humbucking pick-up, one A500k potentiometer (for a volume control), and one 1/4-inch output jack.
Chile also maintains its own aviation industry, ENAER. The design of the T-35 Pillán trainer, based on the Piper PA-28 Dakota, is the best known example, seeing some export success as well. Furthermore, the assembly of the A-36/T-36 Halcón (CASA C-101) was achieved as well. Performing maintenance on most types in the current inventory, such as minor modifications on F-5E aircraft for example, the industry is of significant importance to the air force. ENAER is reported to be in talks with Embraer of Brazil to codesign the first indigenous South American military transport plane. Also, under the Pacer Amstel programme, with initial Dutch support, and later locally ENAER upgraded an F-16 combat jet, which for the Chilean Air Force is an advance for their maintenance of the F-16 fleet (becoming the 5th country to modify under authorization their jets).
The Israeli government asserted that the MILCO Krytron incident was a simple mistake by the "exporter" Milco, and that the Pollard operation was an unauthorized deviation from its policy of not conducting espionage in the United States, before an admission in 1998 of Israeli responsibility. In 1987 the Israeli government set up a commission to investigate Lekem's failure, which found it would be in Israel's interest to take responsibility for the Pollard case. In 1987 following the difficult Pollard and Milco cases, the Israeli government decided to disband Lekem, whose functions were assigned to the Director of Security of the Defense Establishment, adding technical and scientific intelligence to its responsibilities which include internal investigations of the defense ministry.
Rae Alexandra of "Kerrang!" magazine, awarded the album an "excellent" four K! score. He wrote, "Make no mistake that Simpson and co are very serious about this. "Build an Army" lurches and rolls on enormous, sweeping riffs that the Deftones would be proud of. "Here Again (Last Conversation)" spins, splits, and stabs and wouldn't sound out of place on a Glassjaw album. The gargantuan sprawl of six-minute epic "Mono" showcases an awesome display of tunesmithery as it breathes and shifts from crescendo to crescendo. It really is difficult to find fault the Fightstar's music on any level. Unless, of course, your hell-bent on hating them for their frontman's former job." The magazines editor, Paul Brannigan would late commend the album as "one of the best British rock albums of the past decade". Andrew Kelham of "Rock Sound" magazine gave a score of 9/10 and described the album as, "a shockingly impressive debut that makes the naysayers look utterly foolish." He praised the band for maintaining a "fresh ground", despite wearing their influences on their sleeves. "After a delicate, Mogwai-tinged start, the album thrusts to life, unveiling anthem after anthem- "Waste a Moment" and "Build an Army" are feindish and addictive, while "Sleep Well Tonight" is an immediate classic. Soon you realise that there isn't going to be a dip in quality, and that's that: the past is rendered irrelevant and stupid, and Charlie's a bloody hero."
Crown Green bowling club plays in the Bradford Crown Green Bowling Association
The Brunswick Ballmaster Open is one of the world's most renown annual ten-pin bowling tournaments.
The low-lying area has been prone to floods including the Great Flood of 1951 and the Great Flood of 1993.
<doc id="4535112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=4535112" title="Sean O'Hair">
The Assiniboine had a system of a Sioux Kinship. In this kinship everyone who was born belonged to it, but outsiders could become part of the kinship through relationships. In terms of spiritual beliefs, the band had strong ties to the spiritual world. Their religious ideas and practices formed the basis of their life. They had powerful connections with animals and natural phenomena. They believe that animals and natural phenomena had spiritual power that could be acquired for personal advantage through a vision quest. In this quest they would go to a secluded area of the forest where they would fast and pray until a spiritual guardian came to them in a dream.
