
Coaching Career (2010–present).
With the creation of a statewide and regional cable news service owned by the cable companies, cable outlets threatened to pull WZBN off their systems in the late 1990s. Protests by viewers ensured the station remained on cable. WZBN has since expanded its reach with additional broadcasts on three competing cable systems (Verizon Fios, Cablevision, Comcast) in the area.
In 2007, he decided not to renew his contract for the 13th season of "MADtv". His contract, like most other "MADtv" cast members, was for five seasons which was up for renewal at the conclusion of the show's 12th season. Barinholtz has commented that he started getting "restless" and did not see eye to eye with some of the "MADtv" bosses about how decisions were being made.
Up until July 2012, the scale of defections from the Syrian Army, though hard to quantify, was too small to make an impact on the strength of that army, according to Aram Nerguizian from the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies. Strategically important units of the Syrian armed forces are always controlled by Alawite officers; defecting soldiers – by July 2012 “tens of thousands” according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights – are mainly Sunni without access to vital command and control, Nerguizian said.
To begin the 2000 season, Henson sustained an injury in practice that required redshirt-freshman Navarre to start under center against Michigan's first opponent, Bowling Green. In his first career start, Navarre threw for four touchdowns, a school record for a first-time starting quarterback and the most ever in a season opener. The four touchdown passes also tied a school record. Navarre's play in the opener earned him Big Ten Conference Offensive Player of the Week. Navarre continued his role as starting quarterback as Henson continued to be sidelined by injury, getting his second start against Rice. Michigan went on the road against #14 UCLA and lost, 23–20. The following week, Michigan began Big Ten play against #19 Illinois. While Navarre started his fourth game in a row, Henson replaced him late in the first half. Navarre saw limited action at quarterback the rest of the season, ending the season with 583 passing yards and 8 touchdowns in 10 games.
