
Staffordstown railway station was on the Belfast and Ballymena Railway which ran from Cookstown Junction to Cookstown in Northern Ireland.
Thomas G. Glenn

On February 19, 2013 it was reported that former "One Tree Hill" and "Hellcats" star Robbie Jones would appear in the show as guest star playing Jordan.
The GAF N24A Nomad is the largest aircraft in the fleet and is complemented by the smaller Cessna 208B and GA8 Airvan airliners.The 10 seater Pilatus PC-6 Turbo Porter was previously used from 1978 and the Cessna 185 and 206 were the first aircraft in Air Safaris fleet these have since been retired.
<doc id="35712846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35712846" title="Bolghan">
However Sandro is eventually about to be released. Marisa's mother (Rosa Enskat) cannot stand the thought of Sandro moving in with her daughter while Marisa even wants to have a child with him. Mother and daughter have a dispute over that matter in the local grocery shop. Marisa is the till girl of that shop. After her fight with her mother two young immigrants (Sayed Ahmad Wasil Mrowat as Rasul and Najebullah „Najeb“ Ahmadi as Jamil) become the target of her bad mood. She refuses them as customers.
He got his first start on September 18, 2013 in a 6-5 Reds road win over the Houston Astros. Playing center field and batting ninth, in his first at-bat of the game he notched his first major league hit, a second-inning double to left field off Astros' starter Brad Peacock, and later got his first run batted in, driving in Todd Frazier with an infield single. For the game (which went 13 innings), Hamilton reached base five times, going 3-for-4 with two walks, two runs scored, one RBI and four stolen bases in four attempts off four pitchers. Hamilton became the first major league player since 1920 to steal four bases in his first major league start.

<doc id="35714379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35714379" title="Shokranlu, Howmeh">
<doc id="35714768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35714768" title="Cuba Mills, Pennsylvania">
Lope Díaz II de Haro
1997 – People's Artist of Ukraine.
Each session played is scored and players can look at the last fifty sessions they have played with the statistics on the session.
Chalkanoras Idaliou.

<doc id="35716731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35716731" title="Floorball in India">


The institute is located in the north suburb of Chengdu, adjoin 3rd Ring Road, easily accessible. The campus trees are lush and green, evergreen all the year round, with beautiful environment, it is the good place of the study and life. Have two campus, which are Tianhui campus and Xindu District campus, covering a total area of 1500 acres
<doc id="35717724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35717724" title="Garry John Orriss">
<doc id="35718016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35718016" title="Jeffrey Alfred Legum">
Ratings.
Al-Monitor is a media site launched in February 2012 by Jamal Daniel and based in Washington, DC. Al-Monitor provides reporting and analysis from and about the Middle East through both original and translated content. The site has media partnerships with major news organizations from countries in the Middle East. Among its media partners are "El Khabar", "Al-Masry Al-Youm", "Azzaman", "Calcalist", "Yedioth Ahronoth", "Al-Qabas", "An-Nahar", "As-Safir", "Al-Hayat", "Al-Iktissad Wal-Aamal", "Habertürk", "Milliyet", "Radikal", "Sabah", "Taraf", "Al Khaleej", and "Al-Tagheer".
The Spectrum Policy Task Force was established in June 2002 to assist the Federal Communications Commission in identifying and evaluating changes in spectrum policy that will increase the public benefits derived from the use of the radio spectrum.
Dénes Szécsi de Felsőlendva (or "Széchy; "c. 1410 – 1 February 1465) was a Hungarian prelate and cardinal, who served as Archbishop of Esztergom from 1440 to 1465. He was the first Primate of Hungary since 1452 when donated the title and rights by Pope Nicholas V.
Upon the race's return to Italy, won the fourth stage, the team time trial in Verona. Alex Rasmussen had been placed third after the Danish leg, but he was dropped during the stage and thus it was Ramūnas Navardauskas who picked up the "maglia rosa" from Phinney, becoming the first rider from Lithuania to wear the leader's jersey at the Giro. Navardauskas held on to the jersey for another day, before Adriano Malori assumed the lead of the race at the end of stage six. Malori had been a part of the breakaway on that stage, before Miguel Ángel Rubiano soloed to victory on the day. The jersey changed hands again the following day, as Malori cracked during the seventh stage, with Ryder Hesjedal coming through to become the first Canadian to wear the pink jersey. He held the jersey for three days, before handing it over to Joaquim Rodríguez, who took the jersey with a win on the tenth stage, a steep finish into Assisi. Rodríguez held on to the jersey the next day, topping the overall standings with the more mountainous second half of the Giro still to race.
György Miklós Jakubinyi (born 13 February 1946) is a Romanian cleric, archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Alba Iulia. Born into an ethnic Hungarian family in Sighetu Marmației, he attended school in his native town from 1952 to 1963 before beginning his religious training that year at the Roman Catholic Theological Institute of Alba Iulia. Ordained a priest in 1969 by Áron Márton, he was consecrated auxiliary bishop at Șumuleu Ciuc in 1990. The following year, he became administrator of the Ordinariate for Catholics of Armenian Rite in Romania. He was made archbishop in 1994.

Tirthankar Sarkar
Fight 3 – Brisbane RNA (Fox Sports) – 9 May 2013

Laura Jane Grace, formerly known as Tom Gabel, is the first major rock star to come out as transgender, which she did in 2012. She is the founder, lead singer, songwriter, and guitarist of the punk rock band Against Me! 

The prosecution team consisted of Samuel Browne, John Maynard, Robert Nicholas, and John Wylde, with William Prynne acting as solicitor. Laud's legal team was made up of Chaloner Chute, Richard Gerrard, Matthew Hale, and John Herne. The first 20 days of the trial fell into a pattern of the prosecution presenting their case in the morning, a two-hour break, and Laud answering in the afternoon.
Syria.
<doc id="35724386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=35724386" title="Marina Yurchenya">

The SSB's chief executive is referred to as the Manager. The Manager is appointed by the Minister of Finance under Section 35 of the SSA. The Manager is responsible for the collection of contributions, the payment of benefits, and the accounting of all moneys collected, paid, or invested under the SSA. The Assistant Manager is appointed by the SSB itself. Other statutorily-specified positions include the senior inspector (Section 38). The government also appoints the chairman or chairperson of the SSB. The SSB board in total consists of nine members: five members representing the government (including the chairperson), two members representing employees both from the National Trade Union Congress of Belize, and two members representing employers (one from the Belize Chamber of Commerce and Industry and one from the Belize Business Bureau). The chairman serves for a term of five years, and other members for three years.
Understanding the underlying neural mechanisms on the organization of rhythmic arm movement and its coordination with the lower limb could enable development of effective strategies for rehabilitation of spinal cord injury and stroke patients. Rhythmic arm movements for different tasks -arm swing during walking, cycling arms while standing and arm swing while standing- were investigated in this perspective and the results pointed a common central control mechanism.
In 1969, she received a degree in law from the University of Cologne, and started working as a journalist. As the author of "Studentin S." (1971) under the pseudonym Sybille Braatz, she created a complex psychological portrait. Later she worked as a trainee at the Kölnische Rundschau for two years. But she then decided to leave her writing career behind to focus on painting and drawing. She has, however, continued writing occasional poems and short stories as an additional form of expression. 

