Creeksea Place was reputed to have been the home of Anne Boleyn and that her spirit was said to have been seen walking from an old cottage near the Cricksea ferry. Her daughter, Queen Elizabeth, is thought to have met her soldiers here and that they were supposed to have come to meet her through a subterranean tunnel connected with Rochford. As Rochford is some ten miles or so away then the tunnel is more likely based on fantasy than fact. Great Tudor drains, full of oyster shells have been uncovered but not the tunnel itself. Sir Henry Mildmay, Keeper of the Crown Jewels for Charles I married into the Harris family and, by the laws of the day, eventually became the owner of Creeksea Place. He is reputed to have been one of the twelve State elders who subsequently signed King Charles's death warrant. Following the execution and after the accession to the throne of Charles II, Sir Henry was said to have been arrested at Creeksea and he and the other eleven elders were accused of regicide (the murder of a king or queen), later pardoned but it is said, to make sure they did not forget the enormity of their crime, all twelve were obliged to spend the anniversary date of the King's execution in the Tower of London.
Mariovo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Мариово) is a region in the southern part of Macedonia (area of 1,390 square km, elevation 1,050 m), situated between the mountains Selečka (highest peak - Visoka 1,471 m) on the west, Nidže (highest peak - Kajmakčalan 2,520 m) and Kožuf (highest peak - Zelenbeg 2,171 m) on the south, Kozjak (highest peak - Baltova Čuka 1,822 m) on the east and Dren mountain (highest peak - Studenica 1,663 m) on the north. The river Crna flows across the whole area of Mariovo, creating the largest canyon in Macedonia which is around 100 km long.
Other High Finishes.
<doc id="3696414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3696414" title="Ferrara Bible">
Infrastructure.
The MAUP is the largest non-state higher education institution in Ukraine. It is accredited by and has the license of the Ministry of Education of Ukraine to carry out educational process in ten higher education specialties with the right to give out diplomas of state and international standards.
His son, William D. Mattice, also represented Stormont in the Legislative Assembly.
Reporter's Privilege.
The village fell under the Rape of Pevensey and the hundred of Rotherfield.
Nsibidi is a system of symbols indigenous to what is now southeastern Nigeria. While there remains no commonly accepted exact date of origin, most researchers agree that use of the symbols date back well before 500 CE. There are thousands of Nsibidi symbols which were used on anything from calabashes to tattoos and to wall designs. Nsibidi is used for the Ekoid and Igboid languages, and the Aro people are known to write Nsibidi messages on the bodies of their messengers.
Tazkiyah al-Nafs.
In 1988 Plantu received the Mumm prize for his cartoon "Gordji chez le juge", followed by a "prix de l'humour noir" in 1989. In 1991, Plantu began to publish a comic in the weekly magazine "L'Express", which allotted him its entire third page every week.
Later that day, Stottlemeyer calls Natalie to say that he has Monk's check at the station. Arriving at the station, they notice that the San Francisco Police Department is making large budget cuts. It starts when Disher asks if they can break a $20 so he can get a cup of coffee from the machine, which Monk isn't exactly willing to do. Stottlemeyer asks Monk to accompany him to the Conference of Metropolitan Homicide Detectives, which this year is being held in San Francisco. At the conference, Stottlemeyer reveals several things like Monk's high 120% clearance rate. Afterwards, the captain thinks that Paul Braddock, the moderator (and a detective from Banning, California), was simply asking questions that the other cops were thinking. He is humiliated, and states that Braddock used to work for the SFPD until Stottlemeyer threatened to expose his abusive methods to Internal Affairs.
