Articulated (education)
The electrolyte used in an LIC is a lithium-ion salt solution that can be combined with other organic components and is generally identical to that used in lithium ion batteries. 
On the St. Croix River, the newspaper covers Charlotte County, New Brunswick and Washington County, Maine. Since 2002, it has been part of the Advocate Printing & Publishing group of Pictou, Nova Scotia.
The AIS-SART is a self-contained radio device used to locate a survival craft or distressed vessel by sending updated position reports using a standard Automatic Identification System (AIS) class-A position report. The position and time synchronization of the AIS-SART are derived from a built in GNSS receiver (e.g. GPS).
In summer 2007, The Metros played at T in the Park, Bestival, the Hackney Underage Festival, The Great Escape in Brighton, the Skegness Big Reunion Festival, and the BBC Electric Proms. They were booked to support The Coral, but were replaced after throwing a glass bottle into the crowd at the first gig, which smashed on and injured a girl spectator. 
Charles Henry "Harry" Smyth (February 21, 1910 - September 20, 1992) was a Canadian speed skater who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics, finishing 8th in the 5000m.

Due to the nature of these emotions, they can only begin to form once an individual has the capacity to "self-evaluate" their own actions. If the individual decides that they have caused a situation to occur, they then must decide if the situation was a success or a failure based on the social norms they have accrued and then attach the appropriate self-conscious feeling (Weiner, 1986). This is a complex cognitive skill and one that takes time to master.
<doc id="17526855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17526855" title="Charlebois">
The phoneme is reportedly pronounced as a voiced uvular fricative by some speakers in Dyfed and Gwynedd, in a pronunciation known as "tafod tew" 'thick tongue'.
Anne Shelton or Ann Shelton may refer to:
Early designs of automated trading.
Kerri Buchberger-Kendziora (born June 23, 1970 in Russell, Manitoba) is a retired female volleyball player from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There the resident of Winnipeg ended up in tenth place with the Women's National Team after having won the bronze medal a year earlier at the Pan American Games.
