References.
References.
The village has a population of 378.
Les stèles du tophet constituent quant à elles la collection la plus importante qui soit disponible. Bien que des stèles furent signalées dès les premières recherches sur le site de Carthage, en particulier lors des fouilles de Pricot de Sainte Marie (1874), dont la plupart coulèrent avec le "Magenta" en 1875, de nombreuses pièces parmi les plus intéressantes sont déposées au musée après la découverte du sanctuaire en 1921. Outre les stèles plus communes en grès d’El Haouaria, les stèles de calcaire plus tardives font l’objet le plus souvent de décors variés : navires, palmiers, éléphants voire éléments de portraits à forte influence hellénistique. Parfois, une inscription est présente sur la stèle.
<doc id="20990449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20990449" title="Jóźwin, Gmina Kleczew">
Helenów Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
He entered politics during the period of democratization known as the Slovenian spring. In 1990, he joined the Slovenian People's Party and became elected as first non-Communist mayor of Idrija after World War II. In 1992, he was elected to the Slovenian National Assembly. During the coalition government between the Slovenian People's Party and the left liberal 
References.
<br>
Unravel our lies
Haugan & Lindgren was a bank headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. The bank operated from December 8, 1879, until February 10, 1891, from quarters at No. 57 and No. 59 La Salle Street. The bank was a partnership of Helge Alexander Haugan, H. G. Haugan and John R. Lindgren. Haugan & Lindgren was a predecessor of the State Bank of Chicago.
Rychtal (, 1939-45: "Reichtal") is a village in Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rychtal. It lies approximately south-west of Kępno and south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
<br>
Bump in the Night
References.
The psychiatric interview refers to the set of tools that a mental health worker (most times a psychiatrist or a psychologist but at times social workers or nurses) uses to complete a psychiatric assessment.
Release.
<doc id="20993891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20993891" title="Karam ud Din">

Młynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek Mały, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Osiek Mały, north-west of Koło, and east of the regional capital Poznań.
Chrustowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedecz, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Przedecz, north-east of Koło, and east of the regional capital Poznań.
Vendiamorpha.
Atlas E/F rockets with MSD upper stages were used for four launches, with NOSS naval reconnaissance satellites between 1976 and 1980. The fourth of these launches failed when one of the booster unit engines shut down early. This configuration had a maximum payload capacity of to LEO.
It produced print by lithography, which was problematic. Clephane made the suggestion of using stereography instead, and Mergenthaler began to research this approach, for which Clephane provided financial backing. By 1879, it was still in development. Mergenthaler designed a line casting machine, but then tore up the plans in frustration. Clephane encouraged him to continue; he remained confident in the value of the invention despite all the scepticism and financial embarrassments that accompanied it.
Post-cricket.
Elita Löfblad
