Music video.
Nemesis Online
The coffin ray has a wide but disjunct distribution in tropical and warm-temperate Australian waters. The western part of its range extends from Gulf St Vincent in South Australia to Broome in Western Australia, and the eastern part from Eden in New South Wales to Heron Island in Queensland. It does not occur off Victoria or Tasmania. This common, bottom-dwelling species is typically found close to shore, no deeper than , though it has been recorded from as deep as . It favors habitats with sandy or muddy bottoms, including beaches, estuaries, and bays, and can also be found over seagrass as well as on and around rocky and coral reefs.
<doc id="12599777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12599777" title="Ivo Daneu">
Departing Leyte Gulf 21 March in TU 52.1.1, the Amphibious Support Force, she sailed into the East China Sea with Western Islands Attack Force. Screening the escort carriers through the assaults on Kerama Retto and against the Hagushi beaches, she retired to Guam 6 April to join TF-51’s escort pool. Returning to the Ryukyus on the 20th, she screened escort carriers as their planes flew air cover and ASW patrols during May. Detached 4 June, she returned to Ulithi, whence she conducted a voyage to Leyte prior to a 47-day deployment at sea screening carrier task forces operating off the east coast of Japan.

<doc id="12600716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12600716" title="Rage (video game)">
People with this name include:
Elder spent the rest of 2003 with the Bisons, then became a free agent after the 2003 season and signed with the Atlanta Braves. He spent 2004 with the Greenville Braves, the Trenton Thunder of the New York Yankees organization, and the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League. In 2005 and 2006, Elder split the season between Somerset and the Omaha Royals, the Kansas City Royals' Triple-A team. In 2007, he started two games for Somerset before finishing the season with the Vaqueros Laguna in the Mexican League, finishing the season with a 4-1 record and a 2.75 ERA in 26 games; he retired after the season.
A Side:

Solitary and slow-moving, the marbled electric ray may remain motionless for several days at a time. It is more active at night and spends much of the day buried in sediment with only the eyes and spiracles showing. Consistent with its sluggish nature, the marbled electric ray has a low blood oxygen carrying capacity and heart rate (10–15 beats/min), and consumes less oxygen than other sharks and rays of similar size. It is highly tolerant of being deprived of oxygen (hypoxia), allowing it to cope with deoxygenated bottom waters or being stranded in small pools by the falling tide. The ray stops breathing entirely when the oxygen partial pressure in the water drops below 10–15 Torr, and can survive such a state for at least five hours. It deals with extreme hypoxia by coupling anaerobic glycolysis to additional energy-producing pathways in its mitochondria, which serves to slow down the accumulation of potentially harmful lactate within its cells.
