384 km
A convention, the Austrian Convention ("Österreich Konvent") was established in 2003 to suggest proposals for a reform of the Austrian constitution and central institutions. It presented a report in 2007, with some of its proposals adopted by parliament.
Deimos was discovered by Asaph Hall, Sr. at the United States Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C on 12 August 1877, at about 07:48 UTC (given in contemporary sources as "11 August 14:40" Washington mean time, using an astronomical convention of beginning a day at noon, so 12 hours must be added to get the actual local mean time). Hall also discovered Phobos on 18 August 1877, at about 09:14 GMT, after deliberately searching for Martian moons.
Sponsorship.
The American Cancer Society note of Insulin potentiation therapy that "no scientific studies that show safety and effectiveness have been published in available peer-reviewed journals."
Supported formats.
EEC is the European Economic Community, an international organization created by the Treaty of Rome of 1957.
Infibulation of males involves suturing the foreskin together over the head of the penis. In ancient Greece, public performers practiced a nonsurgical form of infibulation by wearing a kynodesme. In modern times, male infibulation may be performed for personal preferences or as part of BDSM.
The suddenness of Bizet's death, and awareness of his depressed mental state, fuelled rumours of suicide. Although the exact cause of death was never settled with certainty, physicians discounted such theories and eventually determined the cause as "a cardiac complication of acute articular rheumatism". News of the death stunned Paris's musical world; as Galli-Marié was too upset to appear, that evening's performance of "Carmen" was cancelled and replaced with Boieldieu's "La dame blanche".
Rossellini received a 1987 Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead for her role in "Blue Velvet". In 1997, she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TV for her role in "Crime of the Century" and an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her work on the television series "Chicago Hope". Also in 1997, Rossellini was awarded The George Eastman Award. In 1998, she received an Honourable Mention at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival for her role in the film "Left Luggage". At the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival she is to be awarded with the Berlinale Camera.
Robert Means Thompson was married to Sarah Gibbs, daughter of Rhode Island governor, William C. Gibbs. They had one daughter, Sarah Gibbs Thompson. He died while visiting his daughter and her husband, Stephen Hyatt Pell, at Fort Ticonderoga, New York.
The Incheon team was known to have a popular rivalry against former Bucheon SK(now Jeju United), due to the teams' close geographical relationship.
<doc id="68113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=68113" title="The General">
These computational models are used to frame hypotheses that can be directly tested by biological and/or psychological experiments.
For 2011, Barcelona's gross debt stands at around €483m and the net debt is at €364m.
Administrative divisions.
The "Baldur's Gate" series brought many technical advancements over computer-based role-playing games of the past. BioWare's Infinity Engine offers a pre-rendered isometric worldview, with sprite-based characters. "Baldur's Gate" was also the third computer game ever to make use of the Lua scripting language. The engine was also used for "" and the "Icewind Dale" series.
