the formula_23 column 
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan was the event’s keynote speaker. He praised VCU’s achievements and urged the university to build on its successes saying, “Through a combination of scholarship, research and creativity, VCU has become a leading example of how an urban university can be both a center of learning and a center of the community. My challenge today to President Rao, to the faculty and to the students is this: Build on what VCU is right now to become a world-class university that leads your state and our nation.” 

Upon completion of the Hanawon program, defectors find their own homes with a government subsidy. When Hanawon first opened North Koreans were originally offered ₩36 million per person to resettle with ₩540,000 monthly afterward. Now they receive ₩20 million to resettle and ₩320,000 monthly for five years. They also receive medical care and education support through special admission and tuition assistance.Also, advocacy officers are assigned to offer protection of residence and ensure employment and personal security.
The first six lines of the poem are:
In his final days of high school before graduation, Gaghan was expelled for driving a go-cart through the halls of the school. During the release of "Traffic", a critic commented on one of the teen characters in the movie who is a drug addict and a straight-A student, calling it unrealistic, which Gaghan defended by stating that he had straight A's while he was addicted to drugs and alcohol. As Gaghan wrote in an article published in "Newsweek" in February 2001, "I wasn't much different from my peers, except where they could stop drinking after three or six or 10 drinks, I couldn't stop and wouldn't stop until I had progressed through marijuana, cocaine, heroin and, finally, crack and freebase--which seem for so many people to be the last stop on the elevator." Gaghan has stated that he began dealing with his addictions in 1997. "Over one long, five-day weekend, I had three separate heroin dealers get arrested," he said. "My dealer, my backup dealer and my backup-backup dealer. I was left alone, and I just hit that place, that total incomprehensible demoralization. That was the end of it; up five days straight, locked in the bathroom, convinced there was nowhere else to go, I had to kill myself, I'm going to kill myself. I just couldn't take another minute of it."
<doc id="3682864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3682864" title="1820s in Western fashion">
Mroszak previously worked for two radio stations in the Twin Cities, spending time as part of the 92 KQRS Morning Show. Mroszak was fired from KQRS after he faked a segment implying that Brett Favre was staying in a Minneapolis hotel with a woman other than his wife.
West Hanover Elementary School.

