Notes

Canyon has a colorful history. Logging camps and notorious saloons helped establish a local reputation for rowdiness in the nineteenth century. A vast forest known as the Moraga Redwoods once covered the valley that is now Canyon. An extant fire trail west of the spot where Pinehurst Road makes a sharp hairpin turn near Huckleberry Botanic Regional Preserve was previously known as Winding Way on some maps, and was originally an old 19th century logging road built by Hiram Thorn. In the 1850s, Thorn operated a mill on the site. Thorn built the road to bring redwood logs out of the forest and to his mill, and then over the mountain into Oakland via the Temescal Creek route on the northwest edge of Montclair Village. The Oakland part of the route is now known as Thornhill Road.
The origins of the 9th Parachutist Assault Regiment can be found in the World War I. Among its precursors is the IX Reparto d'Assalto ("9th Assault Section"), known as the Arditi ('Brave or Bold / Tough Ones' - but the verb "ardire" or "to dare" suggests "The Daring" as a more proper translation), who were often tasked with preempting infantry assaults on the Italo-Austrian front lines (which is currently the border between Italy and Slovenia). It was during this period that the 9th earned its reputation as a fierce fighting force. 'Going over the top', followed by the launch of hand-grenades deep into enemy territory, was commonplace. The 9th was responsible for the capture of numerous Austrian positions on "Monte Grappa", including "Col Moschin", and the "Col della Beretta".
Mr Brown at the age of 51 decided to hand over some of his editorial responsibilities to Mr Kew who was then 35. It was a prophetic decision for just four years later Cornelius Brown died and Mr Kew became editor. Mr Brown had attended the October board meeting in 1907 but was taken ill ten days later after correcting the final proofs of his "History of Newark". He died on 4 November without seeing the published version of Volume II.
Satellite craters.
Victoria Cross.
Under certain limited conditions and situations presented by "Hazelwood", school administrators may be permitted prior review of (mostly high school) student publications.
Goodnight Music is considered to be the most treasured Walden tradition. In this ritual, the entire Walden community, which comprises faculty, staff, students, guest artists, and other visitors, gathers together every night in an elliptical embrace, commonly referred to as the "Goodnight Circle", and sings the song "Goodnight Music", a lullaby composed by former Junior Conservatory student and faculty member Shari Fleming in the 1940s. Usually one member of the community plays an accompaniment and improvised introduction and conclusion usually on the piano, although Goodnight Music has occasionally been played on the accordion, toy piano, and by numerous ensembles.
La Haye may also refer to the following communes in France:
<doc id="1169288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1169288" title="Sertoli-Leydig cell tumour">
History.


Following Cal's death Judge McGruder was entrusted with the responsibility of leading the SJS and restoring its integrity. Since then the SJS has produced two more chief judges, including McGruder herself. As of 2013 (2135 in the comic) the present head of the SJS is Judge Buell, who was appointed in 2122. His deputy was Judge Garcia until she was killed in action in 2134. From 2117 its headquarters was based inside the Statue of Judgement (as well as the Public Surveillance Unit which was also based there); ironically Cal fell to his death from the top of the statue. The statue was destroyed by terrorists in 2134; and shortly afterwards a new headquarters building was depicted, named as "SJS Central" and suffering administration problems because of the statue's loss.
El Capitan (accented Capitán, "The Captain" in Spanish) may also refer to:
Coat of arms.
Escobedo v. Illinois
As his first album for a new label, in his own words Costello had the budget of "a small independent movie," and having in mind the blueprint for five different albums, decided to make all of them. He brought back his foil from "King of America", T-Bone Burnett, to facilitate the sessions and produce the album. Studio time was booked in four different locations: Ocean Way in Hollywood; Southland Studios in New Orleans; Windmill Lane Studios in Dublin; and AIR Studios in London. Four different groups of musicians were assembled in each location. Writing credits on the album are given to both Declan MacManus and Elvis Costello.
National park.
Hammam purchased control of Cardiff City F.C. at the end of 2000, where he picked up where he left off with Wimbledon. After taking over at Cardiff, Hammam controversially pledged to get the entire Welsh nation to support Cardiff by renaming the club ""The Cardiff Celts"" and changing the club colours to green, red and white.,
In 2013 the town was menaced by a bushfire burning on the north eastern side of town. The fire burnt out of control with strong winds starting spot fires among the banana plantations. The blaze was controlled a day later but destroyed of bushland, including 20 derelict buildings and sheds; the plantations only received minor damage.
