<doc id="6987808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987808" title="List of Temeraire characters">
The possible use of marine currents as an energy resource began to draw attention in the mid-1970s after the ﬁrst oil crisis. In 1974 several conceptual designs were presented at the MacArthur Workshop on Energy, and in 1976 the British General Electric Co. undertook a partially government-funded study which concluded that Marine Current Power deserved more detailed research. Soon after, the ITD-Group in UK implemented a research program involving a year performance testing of a 3-m hydroDarrieus rotor deployed at Juba on the Nile.
While the unit is monitoring him, Stringer gets a call requesting a meeting. He changes the SIM card in his cell phone so that he can call back on another number. Shamrock then calls Bodie to tell him a meeting has been arranged. This gives the unit their baseline set of call data. Next Stringer uses his business number to call Colvin on his cell phone and Lester notes the call. He checks with McNulty, who recommends they wait and see what the connection gives them.
The Babylonian Gemara, whose introductory passage explains, by a reference to the Bible (Deuteronomy 24:1; comp. Rashi ad loc., and "Sotah" 2a), why the treatise Nazir belongs to the order Nashim, contains also many interesting sentences, a few of which may be quoted here: "The forty years (Samuel II 15:7) are reckoned from the time when the Israelites first asked for a king" (5a). "The Nazarite has sinned (Numbers 6:11) by denying himself wine; and if one who denies himself wine, which is not absolutely necessary, is deemed a sinner, one who denies himself other things which are needful for the sustenance of life is a much greater sinner" (19a). "An infringement of the Law with good intentions is better than its fulfilment without good intentions. Still one must study the Torah and observe its commandments, even though he is not in the proper mood, since he will gradually acquire thereby a sympathetic frame of mind" (23b).
<doc id="6988763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988763" title="Tewhatewha">
Perroux was born in Modena. A criminal attorney in private life, he was the captain of the team through 1950s and early 1960s. He was the main craftsman of the team's cohesion and spirit, both by supporting and consoling, and by exhorting and forcing. He was known for imposing tough discipline: players who broke the rules were unconditionally benched, regardless of short-term benefits. He even checked whether the team members went to bed alone and on time during tournaments.

Palais des Sports Robert Oubron is an indoor sporting arena located in Créteil, France. The capacity of the arena is 2,500 people. It is currently home to the US Créteil Handball team handball team.
"Clostridium botulinum" is a soil-borne bacterium, which may be better known for producing clinical signs of botulism. Research has suggested that "Clostridium botulinum" may cause grass sickness when the spores of "C. botulinum" type C are ingested and produce their toxin locally within the intestine. 

