Series overview.
Production.

Sebastian Wolf (born January 19, 1985) is a German footballer who plays for FC Homburg.

The final was held at 21:10.
<doc id="40049126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40049126" title="Mummy Your Not Watching Me">
In October 2013, Ethiopia's coach Sewnet Bishaw and Ethiopian foreign minister Adhanom Tedros stated that they hoped Zelalem would opt to play for Ethiopia. In November 2013, Zelalem represented Germany at under-17 level in a friendly versus Spain. In March 2014, he withdrew from the Germany U17 national team for the Group 5 2014 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship elite round fixtures.
<doc id="40049776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40049776" title="Martha Mears (author)">
From 1993–2003 he served as chief referee for U.S. National and International sanshou competitions. Beginning in 1994, he became head coach of the U.S. Wushu-Kungfu Federation National Sanshou Team. Under his coaching, the team won international victories and produced 5 World Champions.
Ab Gavan-e Kuchek (, also Romanized as Āb Gāvān-e Kūchek) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 12 families. 
Kalat, Kohgiluyeh
Investors were quoted as being attracted because customers already included Facebook, LinkedIn, Flipboard, Pinterest, and eBay.
<doc id="40051668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40051668" title="Murd Risheh">
<doc id="40051976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40051976" title="Jeff Dresser">
During the First World War he served in France as consulting surgeon to the First Army, British Expeditionary Force, with the temporary rank of colonel, Army Medical Services, being promoted to major-general in 1917. For his war service he was created C.M.G in 1916 and C.B. in 1918, and promoted K.C.M.G. in 1919.
Dashtak Dishmuk

<doc id="40053605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40053605" title="Bayou Corne sinkhole">
Paul Manera (born 15 February 1967) in Broken Hill, New South Wales. He was an Australian who played American Football for the University of Hawaii. Paul is now currently coaching in Sydney, Australia and running his own company, Bring It On Sports with his wife Elissa.
In 1858, Father Pandosy and the missionaries arrived in Esquimalt in the summer. Father Pandosy wanted to start a new colony in the Interior and he chose the Okanagan area. He started looking for people to join him. French-Canadian brothers, Theodor and Cyprienne Laurence, Cyprienne's wife Therese who was a member of the Flathead tribe and an unnamed Flathead man joined Father Pandosy and set off for the Okanagan. In the fall of 1859 they arrived in the Okanagan and settled down. However in the spring it became too marshy so they moved to a spot near modern day Mission Creekthat summer. They built a small log home with a church on the ground floor and they slept upstairs. They called it Mission of the Immaculate Conception and it was located on the site they called L'Anse au Sable (Sandy Cove). Father Pandosy's Mission is commonly called Okanagan Mission. The site was not established for fur or gold but rather as a religious site and community settlement. Father Pandosy was just as much a farmer as he was a priest. Okanagan Mission had hogs, sheep, oats, barley, wheat, tobacco and potatoes. Father Pandosy's Mission was the first cemetery, the first place of worship and the first school in the Southern Interior. Two years after it was founded, 121 people were baptized at Okanagan Mission. In 1865, a brother's house was added to the site to house the many priests that stayed there as they were passing through as well as travelers who needed a place to stay. In 1866, a log barn was added to the site. Father Pandosy farmed and found ways to irrigate the land so a root cellar was also built. In 1882, a new sawn lumber church was added. This new church had five Gothic style windows and a bell tower. A bell that was given to Father Pandosy by Joseph Christien hung in the tower of the new church. father Pandosy was sent on missions across British Columbia and sometimes he would stay away for years at a time but he always came back to Okanagan Mission. Okanagan Mission became the Catholic Church's headquarters for the area. However, in 1885, after the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway's new transcontinental line, the oblates switched their headquarters to St. Louis Mission in Kamloops. 
On October 23, 2013 Adrian Ettlinger died peacefully at home in Carmel NY. The cause was congestive heart failure.
The fact that the first HRCM was established five years before democracy came to the country made it extremely difficult for the Commission to carry out its mandatory functions. Maldives, a country that has never ever experienced democracy in its entire history, was not quite ready to embrace democracy and therefore criticizing or condemning the Government on any issue was tantamount to committing a crime that prompted verbal and physical attacks and threats on members of the HRCM. Partly as a result, most of the members of the HRCM resigned on one pretext or the other. However, Saleem was one of the two members, who refused to quit and remained until the HRCM became an autonomous body under the Maldivian law and in full conformity with the Paris Principles in November 2006.
The presidential election of 1988 was a very partisan election for Mississippi, with 99% of the electorate voting for either the Democratic or Republican parties. This is one of the last Presidential elections in Mississippi in which you see Jackson's highly populated Hinds County voting Republican. During this election, the vast majority of counties in Mississippi voted mainly Republican, except for the notable Democratic stronghold of counties bordering the Mississippi River itself, which tended to vote Democratic during this time.
Museum is located in the large two-story building of white marble and granite color. The museum consists of the central and lateral facade and ground floor. The building has six exhibition halls, conference hall, service rooms, storage, conservation laboratories.
Wykes however continued to keep his WPBSA membership, and thus was eligible to enter the preliminary qualifying for the World Championship. He returned to action in 2010, defeating David Taylor and Les Dodd to get through to the first qualifying round, where he lost 6-10 to James Wattana. Wykes would came back in 2013, the last year when non-tour professionals could enter the World Championship, following a victory in the local Dorset Open tournament and a family discussion: "It has always been a dream of mine to play at the Crucible. I know it is a long shot but I am going to give it my best". He beat Robin Hull and Lucky Vatnani but lost to Justin Astley. Wykes then entered Q School and came close to regaining his tour place in Event 2, where he went all the way to the quarter finals, only to be whitewashed by Alexander Ursenbacher.
<doc id="40057541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40057541" title="Pavement Surface Evaluation and Rating (PASER)">
Various freelance artists are included in productions according to the needs of the projects the company designs and makes.
On July 26, In an interview with Artisan News, Heidi and Carla spoke about their decision to ditch the nipple-tape look during their live performances. Their appearance over the course of the last 6 years consisted of this look as an ode to the late Wendy O. Williams. However, they claimed that the message of creativity and individualism had been received and it was time to evolve to another look.
<doc id="40058556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40058556" title="Marlon Humphrey">
The band No Evidence of Disease (N.E.D.) was formed in 2008. The group of six women's cancer surgeons started playing original music to help create awareness and education for women's cancers and have gone on to release two albums. The film chronicles the lives of the band as they seek to raise awareness for gynecologic cancers through their music. The band is composed of six gynecologic cancer surgeons from across the United States: Dr. John Boggess (vocals, guitar), Dr. Joanie Hope (vocals), Dr. Nimesh Nagarsheth (drums, percussion), Dr. William "Rusty" Robinson (bass, harmonica), Dr. John Soper (guitar), and Dr. William Winter (guitar). They hail from all over the United States, including North Carolina, New Jersey, Washington, and Alaska. The film shows the doctors over the course of a year as they balance songwriting, online rehearsals, concerts, and the release of their second album with their work as gynecologic oncologists. Many of their patients are also portrayed in the film.

Life.
The year was 1944 and World War II was still aflame. After one year of foot soldiering in the States, I returned to work comsumed with the idea that I could wait no longer for a plaintiffs' lawyer organization to just happen and that it was up to me. I started with about 20 workers' compensation specialists. We all did some negligence work which, then, on the whole, was less desirable than compensation cases.
Life.
The educational needs of francophone students, of their families and their communities, the expected outcomes for francophone education and the conditions that must be met to ensure these outcomes are achieved, are found in the Alberta Education's document "Affirming Francophone Education" (link in External links section).
Harpalus gisellae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Csiki in 1932.
Track listing.
History.
The venue held the 2014 Commonwealth Water Polo Championships between 5th - 12th April 2014. These events were held prior to opening of the venue and while exterior and car park construction was still taking place.
Flaviano P. Olivares
On 1 April, between 21 and 34 Zuwara militiamen were detained by members of a neighbouring town's militia. Fighters from Ragdalein stated that they captured the men after months of abuses by a Zuwara brigade, including the looting of property. For their part, the Zuwara local council head accused Ragdalein of being a hub of Gaddafi loyalists. A third version of the events came from the government Interior Ministry which stated that the trouble started when a Zuwara hunting party close to nearby al-Jumail shot and killed a person from that town by mistake. The hunters were than arrested but released later. Another Zuwara council head claimed that the men were tortured before being released and stated that Zuwara came under mortar and anti-aircraft fire by militias from both Ragdalein and al-Jumail.
Plot synopsis.
Career.
Dolven was also a supervisory council member of Fellesslakteriet and Felleskjøpet (1920–1928), "Nationen" (1931–1940), the Norwegian Automobile Federation and Norsk Bilforsikring. He resided in Gjøvik when he died in 1954, only 62 years old.
As a member of the aspartyl proteases, HIV protease is highly substrate-selective and cleavage-specific. Its susceptible sites in a protein extend to an octapeptide region (Fig.2) .
Peranap coal mine
Cuestión de peso

In Marxist terms, the economic crises are crises of overproduction and immiseration of the workers who, were it not for the capitalist control of the society, would be the determiners of both demand and production in the first place.
In 1995, The New England Franchise (Lowell, Massachusetts) Hosted the National Tournament of Champions.
History.
National Highway Association.
Omneon Video Networks was founded in May 1998, with investors including Advanced Technology Ventures, Norwest Venture Partners, Accel Partners and Invesco.
MacLeod, Iain M., The Glasgow Academy 150 Years, (The Glasgow Academicals' War Memorial Trust, 1997)
Synopsis.

Burka Avenger received mainly positive reviews and praise for it’s female empowerment themes. Time Magazine rated Burka Avenger as one of the most Influential Fictional Characters of 2013. In an article on Burka Avenger, Huffington Post stated that “Disney could learn a thing or two”. Washington Post elaborated on this, stating "Pakistan’s new superhero makes the hoop-skirted, Prince Charming-obsessed Disney princesses look downright antiquated. She was not born into royalty. She does not obsess about her beauty. And she definitely does not want or need to be whisked off on some white horse or magic carpet. No, Jiya, or the Burka Avenger, is too busy defending women’s rights and education for all. Now that’s what I call a role model for girls.”. CBC News put Burka Avenger's rave reviews down to “its colourful animation, pro-education message and cross-generational appeal", going on to state that "many are proudly referring to the character as Pakistan's Wonder Woman.”
Early life.
<doc id="40072452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40072452" title="New Zealand at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships">
eSite.

<doc id="40073785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40073785" title="Ruby Hammond">
In 1900-1911 he was part of an expedition to North Africa. Then in 1916-1918 a member of the General Staff of Marshals Joseph Joffre and Ferdinand Foch. It is at this time that a portrait of Réquin in military uniform was made by Kees van Dongen in 1916. From 1917-1918, as a Lieutenant Colonel, he was part of the French military delegation to Washington, D. C.. In the summer of 1918 he promoted the French Army's policy of racial integration. American military officials were impressed by Réquin's depiction of the situation in the French Army where whites and blacks served side by side and were cared for in the same hospitals and by the same personnel and had his report "La Course de l'Amérique à la Victoire" published in English as "America's race to victory" (1919). In 1919 he was a technical counsellor at Versailles Peace Conference, and later author of "Projet de Traité d'Assistance Mutuelle" (1924). From 1930 he was French Military Representative at the League of Nations, and 1930-1932 Chief of Cabinet of Ministry of War.
Peter Loken

<doc id="40075491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40075491" title="NBB-Beker">
Sandi Klavžar
LiveAD was founded in Porto Alegre in 2005 when it split from the trends research agency Box1824, which was founded in 2003.
Reception.

In the immediate aftermath of the Munich massacre, West German authorities were concerned over being drawn into the Arab–Israeli conflict. As foreign minister Walter Scheel put it in October 1972, one had to "defend against actions by both sides of the conflict". In Israel, the ensuing German appeasement politics led to comparisons with the 1938 Munich Agreement.
The app displays only the candidate's name and age, with other stats such as height and weight not included in the profile. Moreover, the app enables the user to see when matches have last logged in.
Elizabeth lives with her partner Barney and their two sons on an organic FARM on the Big Island of Hawaii where she writes and conducts intensives and workshops on the subjects of: Introduction to the Inka Knowledge and Spiritual Wisdom Systems, Eco- Psychology of the Inka Tradition, and Nature Intelligence. In 2004 she established a partnership with Native Hawaiian Kahuna, and indomitable Mother Nature of the BIG ISLAND, to bring people and nature together through education, service and sami.
Thomas Young is Grammy and Cleo-award winning American lyric tenor. His first appearance at New York City Opera was in the roles of Street and Elijah Muhammed in the world première performance of Anthony Davis's "X, The Life and Times of Malcolm X". He made his Chicago Lyric Opera debut in the world première of "Amistad" by the same composer, portraying the Trickster God. Davis then composed another role for Young in his opera "Under the Double Moon", which received its première at the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis.
The original Zarabi7 group consists of 7 members, while the credit of creating this new common used term goes to " Ahmed Wael Suleyman " also known as " EL Zorbi7 Ebn Wael" which means ( The Zorbi7 son of Wael ) the godfather and the creator of this new modernized Egyptian expression.

Below is a list of the senior posts in the division.
After completing his 2012 feature film "Laurence Anyways", Dolan felt that "a change of direction was needed" since, in his own words, the previous three movies dealt with the subject of impossible love. Having seen a production of the play a year earlier, he contacted Bouchard about adapting it for the screen. He was fascinated by the play's violence and brutality and felt it could be explored further on screen. Dolan also liked the role of the mother in the play, since "mothers and sons, .. exhausted mothers is always appealing" to him.



He has been teaching history of ancient historiography at the Università Cattolica from 1979 and Roman history at Chieti´s University from 1994 to 1997. He is currently full professor of Roman history at the Università Cattolica. He has been visiting professor in Dresden in 2001 and in Paris-Sorbonne in 2002.
Podmaine Monastery
Younger (surname)
Coach.

Description.
Bum Bum Island is a Malaysian island located in the Celebes Sea on the state of Sabah.
Mr. Reimers died in Zacatecas on January 29th 2014. 
nimm uns nach vollbrachtem Lauf zu dir in den Himmel auf.
<doc id="40087828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40087828" title="Ivailo Ilarionov">

The 810/812 design was re-marketed almost immediately, in 1940, as ailing automakers Hupmobile and Graham-Paige tried to save money, and revive the companies, by using the same body dies. Except for their similarity to the 810, their 4-door sedans, the Hupp Skylark and the Graham Hollywood, were unremarkable. Retractable headlights gave way to plain headlight pods, and power came from a standard front-engine/rear-wheel drive design. Only about 1900 were built before production ceased in the fall of 1940.
2. Naked Kids
May was left a lump sum of £300,000 in Winner's will, plus the leasehold to £900,000 flat. The value of his estate U.K. and offshore estate is yet to be confirmed.
The list is compiled from the official websites of World Architecture Festival and World Buildings Directory. Where there was a discrepancy between the information on the project page and the winner list with WAF, the information from the WAF list was used. All names are spelled as in the WAF list, links may therefore lead to articles with different spellings. In some cases the projects were renamed after receiving the award.


<doc id="40092909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40092909" title="South Africa women's national water polo team">
The unexpected merger was proposed by Maurice Lévy, CEO of Publicis. The mega-merger puts together Publicis with Omnicom, respectively with $8.8 and $14.2 billion in revenues in 2012, and a market capitalisation of $14.6 billion and $16.7 billion at the announcement. This compares with WPP, who recorded $15.6 billion in 2012 revenues and has market capitalisation of around $20 billion. On a pro-forma basis, the merged entity becomes the biggest advertising group on the market, and would have around $5 billion more revenue than the current market leader. The merger consolidates the sector, as it pulls the two largest, Publicis Omnicom and WPP, significantly ahead of the next largest – Interpublic Group, Dentsu and Havas. In a reference to the increasingly powerful new media giants Google and :Facebook, Lévy noted the merger was a response to the sea-change in the communication and marketing landscape and the blurring the roles of all players, to the benefit of clients. Publicis stated that $500 million in synergies would be generated.
Official website: TheSoundResearch.com
In 1933 and 1945, a total of 17,000 brook trout fry were stocked. In 1970, only 4 species of fish were living in the lake.

- Second grade 



<doc id="40096480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40096480" title="Harpalus pallipes">

After You with a Pistol (1976).
He was the longest-serving member of the Northern Territory Legislative Council, from 1954–73. In 1978, after Territory self-government, he became the first Northern Territory Ombudsman.
It is known as the Big Yellow House and is the most prominent historic house on Absarokee's main avenue, Woodward St. In 2013 it is operated much like a bed & breakfast, with rooms and a cottage available for rent.
Ken Lowrie
<doc id="40100748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40100748" title="List of county routes in Elko County, Nevada">

Ufuoma Isioro Onobrakpeya (born February 21, 1971 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian painter, printmaker and teacher of art.
Shia Islam has a long pedigree in Egypt. The Shia Fatimids come to power in 969 CE in Egypt, they established the new capital called Cairo which was the seat of the Fatimid dynasty. Fatimids ruled Egypt for 200 years (969 -1171) and shaped its identity. They also established the famous al-Azhar University in 970 CE in Cairo as a Shia place of worship, founded in order to spread Shia Islam throughout the world, which exists to this day and is therefore the oldest university in the world. Al-Azhar was originally However, It is generally accepted that before, during and after the Fatimid rule in Egypt, the people of Egypt were and continued to remain predominantly Sunni.
Despite poor critical reception, the film did well at the box office.

<doc id="40102831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=40102831" title="William Stevenson (publisher)">
