Work.
Tereszyn
The List is used by Mozilla browsers (Firefox), by Google in Chrome and Chromium projects and by Opera.


<doc id="18659757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18659757" title="Fernand Meyssonnier">
Market Research undeniably plays a vital role in exploring the business. The above process if conducted in an efficient manner could help predicting and correlating customer needs and then modeling or modifying the business strategies accordingly.
Post-war decommissioning.
Nathan, who in this future is the President and married to Tracy, attempts to reason with Peter, offering Peter the opportunity to read his mind to see if he's sincere. Peter nearly kills Nathan upon gaining a morbid curiosity of how Nathan's mind works due to Sylar's powers. Angry and horrified with himself, Peter stops short of cutting Nathan's head open and teleports back to the present Level 5, where he enters Sylar's prison cell for an angry confrontation, in which Sylar confirms that he is Peter's brother. 
This problem is similar to the GapSVP problem. For formula_46, the input consists of a lattice basis and a vector formula_47 and the algorithm must answer whether
Adamma (masquerade)
Taekwondo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's 80 kg
<doc id="18662072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18662072" title="Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's rhythmic individual all-around">
Following the fiasco surrounding tire wear in the 2008 race, infuriating the fans and everyone else involved, Goodyear held three tire tests afterward, with the most recent tire test held on June 15–16. The drivers there agreed that the tire wear was much better than last year, mostly because the Car of Tomorrow was not run at IMS in 2007.
Rachelany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
Moscow State University, Russia, 1981.

Results.
