<doc id="31350104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31350104" title="Thon (river)">
The Le Puy Mine, in French "Les Mines du Puy", was named after the hamlet "Le Puy". It is situated roughly 4 km southeast of Nontron on the right hand side of the D 707 from Nontron to Saint-Pardoux-la-Rivière, at an elevation of 280 m above sealevel. The mine belongs to the commune of Nontron.

Joyce Ricketts [״Rick״] (April 25, 1933 – May 8, 1992) was a right fielder who played from through in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. She batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani Awareness Campaign. Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, an Iranian mother of two was convicted of adultery in 2006 and later sentenced to death by stoning. Her execution was postponed, though not commuted. In support of Ms. Ashtiani, the Cinema for Peace Foundation organized a press conference, attended by Ms. Ashtiani's lawyer and human rights campaigners on August 18, 2010, that included a screening of the film, The Stoning of Soraya M. directed by Cyrus Nowrasteh., winner of the Cinema for Peace Award for Justice 2010. The foundation later mailed DVD copies of The Stoning of Soraya M. to United States Senators, members of the German Parliament and authorities in the Islamic Republic of Iran, demanding the halt of execution by stoning and the immediate release of Ms. Ashtiani.
Blondel is a former associate editor of the European Journal of Control (Springer) and of Systems and Control Letters (Elsevier). He is an editor of the journal "Mathematics of Control, Signals, and Systems" He has published about 100 journal articles and 6 books.
"DSSim"' is an ontology mapping system, that has been conceived to achieve a certain level of the envisioned machine intelligence on the Semantic Web. The main driving factors behind its development was to provide an alternative to the existing heuristics or machine learning based approaches with a multi-agent approach that makes use of uncertain reasoning. The system provides a possible approach to establish machine understanding over Semantic Web data through multi-agent beliefs and conflict resolution.
Conton's novel "The African" was one of the first novels to be published in Heinemann's African Writers Series. It treated an England romance between a black African student and a white South African woman, turning autobiographical elements into a call for Africa to move as a continent beyond apartheid. Wole Soyinka criticised its utopian "love optimism", calling the novel's main character, Kamara, an "unbelievable prig".
He also published plays, such as "The Nine Fathers" (1970), which won the Maynard Cup at the Wales Final Festival of One Act Plays in 1969, as well as books such as "Chinese Fairy Tales" (1958). The children's book "The Terrible Nung Guama" (1978) was a retelling of one of his stories. He also acted for a time as area representative of a large unit trust company and in 1963 was acting Hon Secretary, Council for the Preservation of Rural Wales, Caernarvonshire Branch.
<doc id="31353764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31353764" title="Sierra de Segura">
Large frame revolvers were made in Frontier and Pocket Army models in .44 M&H caliber, .44-40 Winchester, and .44 Russian. The Frontier model consisted of four styles. 
Sanctioned individuals.

For the 2011–12 season Cormier along with her daughter Megan, teamed up with Galusha. During the World Curling Tour, they defeated defending Canadian champion Amber Holland, and Olympic Silver Medalist Cheryl Bernard, and for the first time qualified for the playoffs during a tour event. They advanced to the playoffs at the 2011 Boundary Ford Curling Classic, however they would lose the quarterfinal to Edmonton's Tiffany Odegard. The team qualified for the 2012 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. At the 2012 event things would start off well the team out of the north. Galusha won the 2012 Ford Hot Shots, and started the event off with a 2-1 record in the first three games. After catching the flu, which was heavily circulating amongst all teams, Galusha would miss two games, one of which found second Wendy Miller sitting out with the flu, leaving Cormier to skip, Megan Cormier and Shona Barbour throwing three rocks each, with one sweeper. The team could not recover from Galusha's absence and would finish round robin with a 4-7 record. Although the team finished with a disappointing record, it would mark a third occasion for Cormier defeating the defending champions, Team Canada (Amber Holland) during round robin. Marking the fourth time in history, a team from the Territories would achieve this. They would also defeat the eventual champions, Team Alberta's Heather Nedohin.
<br>
In 1993, President of the United States Bill Clinton nominated Newman to be Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance. The next year, he became United States Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, holding that office until 1995.
Though storms be sudden, and waters deep,
Style.
Sanju Weds Geetha is a 2011 Kannada film in the romance genre starring Srinagar Kitty and Ramya in the lead roles. It was directed and written by actor-director Nagashekar and produced by Pramod Narayan. While Jassie Gift composed the soundtrack, Sadhu Kokila composed the background score. The film released on 1 April 2011.
Kwon Hyouk-Se(, Hanja: ; born 12 November 1956) is the eighth and current governor of South Korea's Financial Supervisory Service. He took office in March 2011 after about 30 years of experience in government service. He was previously the vice chairman of Financial Services Commission (FSC).
