Since 1949, a Federal Minister for Special Affairs ("Bundesminister für besondere Aufgaben") is a member of the Federal Government that does not have charge of a Federal Ministry, although some have simultaneously been Chief of the Federal Chancellor's Office.
2001–2005.
There are also two cricket clubs, Marlow Park CC and Marlow Cricket Club which was founded in 1829 and is now part of Marlow Sports Club. This Club is home to a variety of sports; hockey, tennis, running, cycling, junior football, netball and softball.
The "2e Regiment d'Eclaireurs à Cheval" was attached to the "Dragons de L'Imperatrice" (Empress' Dragoons).
Years reflect the year in which the Grammy Awards were presented, for works released in the previous year.
The East 180th Street – Dyre Avenue Shuttle or Dyre Avenue Shuttle was established as a new subway service and full-time shuttle on May 15, 1941 between the former East 180th Street station of the New York, Westchester and Boston Railway and Dyre Avenue, which was the last station on the NYW&B within New York City. Passengers had to make a walking transfer between the Dyre Avenue Line and the IRT White Plains Road Line at East 180th Street as there was no track connection between the lines.
The following day, Rangel was found guilty on 11 of the 12 charges against him by the adjudicatory subcommittee of the House Ethics Committee (2 of the original 13 charges having been combined). Two of the charges were focused on his actions with regards to soliciting funds and donations for the Rangel Center from those with business before the Ways and Means Committee; four were for improper use of Congressional letterhead and other House resources in those solicitations; one was for submitting incomplete and inaccurate financial disclosure statements; one was for using one of his Harlem apartments as an office when he had Congressional dealings with the landlord; one was for failing to pay taxes on his Dominican villa; and two reiterated these charges in describing general violations of House rules. 
<doc id="410423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=410423" title="Flyover">
In the 1970s, the ill-fated Family Viewing Hour tried to make the 8:00 to 9:00 p.m. hour (7:00 to 8:00 for areas within the Central and Mountain Time Zones) safe for family consumption, but was overturned in court due to the way it was instituted.
