A Dream of John Ball

Mayborn was a Mason and a Presbyterian.
Over the course of its history, the village grew to include many homes, a slaughterhouse, a tannery, a school house, a wooden boardwalk, several churches and small hotels and a cemetery. Many of these structures no longer exist, although some houses have survived from Churchville's early period, and are designated heritage houses. 
From 1974 to 1978, Haines coached the UCLA men's swimming team. In 1982, Haines became the women's swimming coach at Stanford University, coaching the team to an NCAA championship in 1983 as well as two second-places finishes and two third-place finishes.
There is an annual protest against U.S. nuclear weapons research at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California and in the 2007 protest, 64 people were arrested. There have been a series of protests at the Nevada Test Site and in the April 2007 Nevada Desert Experience protest, 39 people were cited by police. There have been anti-nuclear protests at Naval Base Kitsap for many years, and several in 2008. Also in 2008 and 2009, there have been protests about several proposed nuclear reactors.
M.E.S.A..
In 1994, Gary Eitel filed a "qui tam" civil lawsuit on behalf of the Federal government against Reagan, the six airtanker operators, and a number of other defendants, which alleged fraud and the unjust gain of enrichment through the exchange program. Due to federal law, Fuchs is immune from being named in such a civil suit. Initially, the U.S. government declined to join the suit. In a "qui tam" suit, a private citizen may file suit on behalf of and as an agent for the U.S. Government against entities accused of defrauding the government. While the plaintiff must pay for the legal expenses out of his own pocket (in 1998 Eitel estimated that the suit had cost him $3 million), he is entitled to receive 15% to 30% of the money which the government recovers should he prevail in court. Potential penalties were estimated to run as high as US$500 million. Among the issues raised in court by the suit are "whether some aerial firefighters were unjustly enriched, if the U.S. Justice Department and Forest Service covered up CIA and drug cartel links to some of the planes, whether the planes should remain in private hands, if the list of defendants should grow or dwindle, and who is telling the truth."

The African Forum for Reconstruction is a political party in Gabon. It is a radical opposition party led by Léon Mbou Yembi. In the 17 December/24 December 2006 parliamentary election, the party won one out of 120 seats in the National Assembly; this seat was won by Mbou Yembi.
<doc id="13636614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13636614" title="List of Monster Allergy episodes">
WGHW
