When Charles Taylor established "Greater Liberia," in 1992, he ensured that the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company's largest rubber plantation (established in 1926) returned to operation, and the company paid Taylor's NPFL $2 million a year for "protection." "The warlord's most notorious operations were launched from the property of Firestone."
After the practice Father O'Donnell gives each member of the team a copy of the team photograph along with the lecture to “…Never forget the promise of your youth. This picture is who you are, who you become is up to you”. He puts John on equipment cleaning duty, much to John's annoyance ("Cleaning Kit"). While John is imagining his future as the star player for a national team, Mary walks in and tells him that he'll never make a national team since he spends too much time chasing girls. Father O'Donnell then enters the locker room and tells John that the reason he’s harder on him is because he believes that John could be great if he focuses on his game and that there will be plenty of time for girls once he's famous and can have any kind of girl he wants (to the disgust of Mary, who is hiding nearby as girls aren't allowed in the locker room). John and Mary further argue with each other ("Don't Like You") and eventually grow close and fall in love. Meanwhile, Thomas, along with a couple of nameless team mates, threaten Del with violence if he comes to practice again. (Thomas has no tolerance for Protestants after one beat up his sister; this also provides a hint of things to come).
The Pima Indians first called themselves Othama until the first account of interaction with non-Native Americans was recorded. Spanish missionaries referred to Pima villages of Kina, Equituni and Uturituc. Americans later corrupted the miscommunication into Pimos, which was adapted to Pima river people. The Akimel O'otham people still respectfully call their villages District #1-Oos kehk (Blackwater), District #2-Hashan Kehk (Saguaro Stand), District #3-Gu U Ki (Sacaton), District #4-Santan, District #5-Vahki (Casa Blanca), District #6-Komatke (Sierra Estrella Mountains), and District #7-Maricopa Colony.
All matches scheduled since 2014 are enlisted below. Earlier results can be consulted via the summarizing results page.
1972 to 1978.
After spending a year serving the mandatory time in the military, Petrović followed his brother's footsteps and moved to Cibona to form, at that time, the best backcourt duo in Europe. The very first year in Cibona he won both the Yugoslav League championship and the national cup. To top it all off, the 87–78 victory over Real Madrid, to which Petrović contributed with 36 points, brought him and Cibona their first European Cup title. The second came the following year, as Petrović scored 22 points and Cibona defeated Žalgiris of Kaunas, which starred the legendary Arvydas Sabonis. The same year brought another national cup title for Cibona, seeing Petrović score 46 against the old rival Bosna. In 1987 Petrović earned his third European trophy: a European Cup Winners Cup title against Scavolini Pesaro, whose net he filled with 28 points.
Lange and then-colleague Steigerwald appeared together as themselves in the 1995 movie "Sudden Death", starring Jean-Claude Van Damme. In the film, Lange used many of his trademark expressions in his play-by-play commentary.
If run properly, the defensive backs will be run out of the play by the receivers, and the defensive line will penetrate too far to stop the short pass from being thrown. The only defenders left will be linebackers, which will be picked up by the "screen" of offensive linemen in front of the receiver—hence the name "screen pass".
Many familiar voices inspired the animators in their creation of the characters and helped them shape their personalities. This use of familiar voices for key characters was a rarity in Disney's past films. The staff was shocked to hear that a wise cracking comedian, Phil Harris was going to be in a Kipling film. Disney suggested Harris after meeting him at a party. Harris improvised most of his lines, as he considered the scripted lines "didn't feel natural". After Harris was cast, Disneyland Records president Jimmy Johnson suggested Disney to get Louie Prima as King Louie, as he "felt that Louis would be great as foil". Walt also cast other prominent actors such as George Sanders as Shere Khan and Sebastian Cabot as Bagheera. Additionally, he cast regular Disney voices such as Sterling Holloway as Kaa, J. Pat O'Malley as Colonel Hathi and Buzzie the Vulture and Verna Felton as Hathi's wife. This was her last film before she died. David Bailey was originally cast as Mowgli, but his voice changed during production, leading Bailey to not fit the "young innocence of Mowgli's character" which the producers were aiming at anymore. Thus director Wolfgang Reitherman cast his son Bruce, who had just voiced Christopher Robin in "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree". The animators shot footage of Bruce as a guide for the character's performance. Child actress Darlene Carr was going around singing in the studio when composers Sherman Brothers asked her to record a demo of "My Own Home". Carr's performance impressed Disney enough for him to cast her as the role of the human girl.
<poem>
Ghouls.
The Danish Football Association (DBU) ( DBU) is the governing body of football in Denmark. It is the organization of the Danish football clubs and runs the professional Danish football leagues and the men's and women's national teams. It is based in the city of Brøndby and is a founding member of both FIFA and UEFA. From 2008, the DBU is also the governing body of futsal in Denmark.
<doc id="680341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=680341" title="University of Buckingham">
Players.
Seven individual NZSAS personnel deployed to Southern Rhodesia as part of the "New Zealand Army Truce Monitoring Contingent Rhodesia 1979–80" on Operation MIDFORD. The contingent also included a number of ex-NZSAS personnel and served in Rhodesia from 7 December 1979 – 10 March 1980.
Hiligaynon may refer to:
History.
The GS 450h (GWL10), rated at and now using an Atkinson cycle design, has a 35 percent improvement in fuel economy over the previous generation GS 450h, and has a higher combined EPA fuel efficiency rating (31 mpg) than the 306 horsepower GS 350 (23 mpg). Trunk space is improved both for the hybrid and standard models. The GS 450h features standard full LED headlamps and a bamboo trimmed interior. The vehicle was unveiled in 2011 Frankfurt Motor Show.
Early naval career.
The next step in mechanization was development of the tractor. As with the combines, the first steam engine and gasoline-powered tractors were too heavy and awkward for use on the steep Palouse hills. The smaller, general use tractors introduced in the 1920s were only marginally used. As a result, by 1930, only 20% of Palouse farmers used tractors.
<doc id="681051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=681051" title="Andante favori">
In functional analysis, the compression of a linear operator "T" on a Hilbert space to a subspace "K" is the operator
Automan
After switching to NBC and the centralized television contract, the local blackout policy was lifted. During this contract, TNT carried pole qualifying live. The final "Happy Hour" practice was carried live on CNN/SI in 2001, and on Speed from 2002-2006.
Langevin is noted for his work on paramagnetism and diamagnetism, and devised the modern interpretation of this phenomenon in terms of spins of electrons within atoms. His most famous work was in the use of ultrasound using Pierre Curie's piezoelectric effect. During World War I, he began working on the use of these sounds to detect submarines through echo location. today, their respective grandson and granddaughter are married to one another: Hélène Langevin-Joliot and Michel Langevin. He was also noted for being an outspoken opponent of Nazism, and was removed from his post by the Vichy government following the occupation of the country by Nazi Germany. He was later restored to his position in 1944. He died in Paris in 1946, two years after living to see the Liberation of Paris. He is buried near several other prominent French scientists in the Pantheon in Paris.
Wortley, Leeds
<doc id="681582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=681582" title="Effective field theory">
which involves the densitized drei-bein formula_25 instead (densitized as formula_26). One recovers from formula_25 the metric times a factor given by its determinant. It is clear that formula_25 and formula_6 contain the same information, just rearranged. Now the choice for formula_25 is not unique, and in fact one can perform a local in space rotation with respect to the internal indices formula_31 without changing the (inverse) metric. This is the origin of the formula_32 gauge invariance. Now if one is going to operate on objects that have internal indices one needs to introduce an appropriate derivative (covariant derivative), for example the covariant derivative for the object formula_33 will be
A major effect, however, is that all drivers tend to form very large "packs" of cars that run closely together for the majority of the race. In these packs drivers often run three abreast across the track, consequently there may be as little as one second separating the entire field. These large packs reduce air resistance which allows the cars to run faster and makes drafting easier.
Enlistment.
