
In addition to co-producing the Only Son albums, Dishel works as a producer, arranger and co-writer for other artists.
In March 2009 Rogers announced that it was considering renegotiating the agreement to add a second annual regular-season Bills game beginning in 2010, though this never came to fruition. Ticket prices for the 2009 game were lowered an average of 17%. The game, against the New York Jets, was a featured on the NFL Network's "Thursday Night Football" package. Again, the Bills lost 19-13. The following year, the Bills lost to the Chicago Bears, 22-19.
Candidates who were eligible for the first time are indicated here with a †. The candidates who received at least 75% of the vote and were elected are indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been selected in subsequent elections are indicated in "italics". The candidates who received less than 5% of the vote, thus becoming ineligible for future BBWAA consideration, are indicated with a *.
Ismail Ahmed Ismail, who came second in the men's 800 m in 2008, was the first Sudanese athlete to win an Olympic medal.

Andrew Cheyne, the father of Sir William Cheyne, 1st Baronet the famous surgeon was from here. Sir William himself was born at sea off Tasmania.
The Compaq Presario R3000 Line is a Series of laptops designed and built by Hewlett-Packard Corporation. They could be shipped with Microsoft Windows 98, 2000, ME, or XP. The series used Intel or AMD Processors, could have 256 MB (256 MiB) or 512 MB of RAM (Some of this was reserved for the Graphics Card), and had an ATI Mobility Radeon 9000/9100 IGP (Integrated Graphics Processor) "on board". The sound card was made by Analog Devices, and was also "on board". Some of the ports on the computer are USB, IEEE 1394 (Firewire), Headphone Out, Microphone In, S-Video Out, Monitor Out, and Parallel. It also has a RJ45 Connector (Network cable) and a Phone line jack. One that is special to this series is an Expansion Port for HP's Expansion Dock. This type of port is found in some of HP's other Notebooks. Some models in the series have Broadcom WiFi adapters.
