"Baltic Ace" was long and had a beam of . Fully laden, she drew of water and had a deadweight tonnage of 7,787 tons. Like most ships of her kind, she was propelled by a single nickel-aluminum alloy fixed pitch propeller directly coupled to the main engine. Her prime mover, a 7-cylinder MAN-B&W 7S46MC-C low-speed crosshead diesel engine, had an output of at 129 rpm. In addition, she had three 7-cylinder MAN-B&W Holeby 7L23/30 auxiliary engines for onboard electricity generation, each with an output of 1,120kW. For manoeuvering at ports, she had a 1,000kW transverse bow thruster and another 660kW thruster in the stern, both manufactured by ABB.
In queueing theory, a discipline within the mathematical theory of probability, an M/D/1 queue represents the queue length in a system having a single server, where arrivals are determined by a Poisson process and job service times are fixed (deterministic). The model name is written in Kendall's notation. Agner Krarup Erlang first published on this model in 1909, starting the subject of queueing theory. An extension of this model with more than one server is the M/D/c queue.
The James Gibbs house in Sudbrook Park is and was sometimes referred to as Sudbrook Lodge, yet, confusingly, this name is also held by a different, 17th century, Grade II listed building, situated nearby on the A307 road. Rebuilt in about 1680 by Elizabeth Wigington, daughter of a Timber merchant, the property was reputedly occupied at one time by Nell Gwynn around the time of the birth of Charles II's illegitimate son, Charles Beuclerk, though that would have pre-dated the building's reconstruction. Wigington's descendants sold land to the north to the Argylls which became the kitchen garden of the park, more recently developed as a small residential area called Sudbrook Close. The Wigington family also developed a terrace of cottages to the east, towards Ham Gate, one of which, Sudbrook Cottage was, for many years, the residence of Beverley Nichols. 
The Ako Controversy (阿衡の紛議) or Ako Incident (阿衡事件) was a political controversy that occurred in early Heian Period of Japanese history.
Biography.

After his suicide, blood was drawn from Elkins, and through DNA, the unborn baby carried by the victim was determined to be his child.
Lyudmyla Yuriïvna Lusnikova (; born January 7, 1982 in Zaporizhia) is a Ukrainian judoka, who played for the extra-lightweight category (48 kg). At age eighteen, Lusnikova made her official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where she reached into the semi-final rounds, losing out to Japan's Ryoko Tani. She qualified for the repechage bout, after finding out that her previous opponent made further into the final round. In the second round of repechage bouts, Lusnikova was defeated by China's Zhao Shunxin, who scored a yuko to win a match at the closing time of four minutes.
<doc id="37847643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37847643" title="Denis Leushin">
In 1968 Canada unified its military forces when it merged the Canadian Army, Royal Canadian Air Force and Royal Canadian Navy to create the Canadian Forces. The Royal Canadian School of Military Engineering was renamed the Canadian Forces School of Military Engineering following unification. It also found itself responsible for the military engineering training for all services and components of the Canadian Forces. On the closing of CFB Chilliwack in the late 1990s the school moved to its current location in CFB Gagetown.

Career.


