The refrain of Bob Azzam's version of the song is "Chérie je t'aime, chérie je t'adore, como la salsa del pomodoro, يا مصطفى, يا مصطفى, أنا بحبك يا مصطفى" - French - "Honey , I love you, honey, I adore you", Italian - "like tomato sauce". Arabic - "Oh Mustafa, oh Mustafa, I love you oh Mustafa". This song is a love song, a man is singing to a man. Besides the superlatives, he sings, in Arabic: I waited seven years for you, now the moment had come. Come drinking with me and have good time. And in French: When I saw you on the balcony of Maxim's place, you told me to come upstairs and not to care for any manners.
Until 1895, students never sat any public exams, but this soon changed with the appointment of Mr. H.J. Meagher as headmaster. In December of that year, two students, Cecil and Garnet Garnaway were entered in the Cambridge preliminary local Examination which they sat in Barbados because there was no centre in St. Lucia. 
Location.

As per the 2001 census, Ramapuram had a total population of 1466 with 729 males and 739 females. The sex ratio was 1017. The literacy rate was 78.12.
Village Diner
Cycleway.
Powell Inlet is a body of water in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It lies off the southern coast of Devon Island in the eastern high Arctic. Like Stratton Inlet, Burnett Inlet, Hobhouse Inlet, and Cuming Inlet, Powell Inlet is situated between Maxwell Bay and Croker Bay, north of Lancaster Sound and Barrow Strait.
The Natsir Cabinet was the first cabinet of the Unitary Republic of Indonesia following the dissolution of the United States of Indonesia. It served from 7 September 1950 until 21 March 1951.

Bay Sheffield
<doc id="23129890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23129890" title="China National Highway 323">
Boxbe was founded in 2005 by Thede Loder and Corbett Barr. Venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson and Esther Dyson were both investors, with Dyson and Steve Jurvetson serving as board members. Beyond challenge response, Boxbe initially used the Attention Bond Mechanism (the option of paying a fee to deliver the email) as a way to filter spam, which they later abandoned. Boxbe company founder Thede Loder along with Marshall Van Alstyne and Rick Wash wrote the initial paper on Attention Bond Mechanism which describes the Attention Bond as "allowing recipients to define a price that senders must risk to deliver the initial message.". Technically capable users can assemble many of these functions, such as whitelisting.

The synagogue was moved to Heritage Park Historical Village in Calgary at a cost of over a million dollars in 2008, becoming the first Jewish house of worship to be housed in a Canadian historic park. About 2,000 people attended the dedication of the synagogue in its new location on June 28, 2009.

!scope="row" | Arni University 

List of institutions of higher education in Tripura
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1990 Contest by Azúcar Moreno with "Bandido".
Crabb v Arun District Council
On June 15, a young Port Moresby adult has contracted the Disease.

Kiruhura is located approximately , by road, northeast of Mbarara, the largest city in the sub-region. This location lies approximately , by road, southwest of Kampala, the capital of Uganda, and the largest city in that country. The coordinates of the town are:0°12'36.0"S, 30°49'48.0"E (Latitude:-0.2100; Longitude:30.8300).
Ágnes Hankiss
In June 2012, Szegedi revealed that he had recently learned that his grandparents on his mother's side were Jewish: his maternal grandmother survived the Auschwitz concentration camp, and his maternal grandfather was a veteran of forced labor camps. Under Jewish law this makes Szegedi a Jew. Szegedi was raised Hungarian Reformed and did not initially practice the Jewish religion. Szegedi said he had defined himself as someone with "ancestry of Jewish origin — because I declare myself 100 percent Hungarian." He turned to Rabbi Koves, of the Lubavitch movement, for help. He adopted the name Dovid, wore a kippah, learnt Hebrew, visited Israel, and had himself circumcised. Szegedi now lives as a practicing Jew, observing the Sabbath and attending synagogue. 

<doc id="23136121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23136121" title="Public Health Engineering Department">
As part of the announcement, the Commission stated that it would publish a report on ILUC by the end of 2010.
For ten months during 1872 Stetson was the Pastor of the church in Pittsburgh where he met the young Charles Taze Russell. He then led the Edinboro, Pennsylvania congregation for six years until his death. His dying request was that Pastor Russell give his funeral sermon where over twelve hundred attended.
Early life.


http://rfr.rutgers.edu
1978 - 12 April Licence n.1104063 

Prefect of Goa.
In Ralph Bakshi's 1978 animated version of "The Lord of the Rings", Frodo was voiced by Christopher Guard. Billy Barty was the model for Frodo, as well as Bilbo and Sam, in the live-action recordings Bakshi used for rotoscoping.
The first project was a study of the Karuk language by William Bright, then a graduate student. Since its founding 80 doctoral dissertations have been written under the auspices of the Survey.
Khazad-dûm waxed continuously in size and population in Durin's long lifetime, until it became the "greatest of all the mansions of the Dwarves", even before the return of the Noldor to Middle-earth. By that time, Khazad-dûm was already "a name and a rumour from the words of the Dwarves of the Blue Mountains" to all the Eldar of Beleriand.
Dasytes
Tolkien never intended Quenya, or any of his constructed languages, to be used in everyday life as an international auxiliary language, although he was in favour of the idea of Esperanto as an auxiliary language within Europe. With his Quenya, Tolkien pursued a double aesthetic goal: "classical and inflected". This urge, in fact, was the motivation for his creation of a 'mythology'. While the language developed, Tolkien felt that it needed speakers, including their own history and mythology, which he thought would give a language its 'individual flavour'. He wrote: "It was primarily linguistic in inspiration and was begun in order to provide the necessary background of 'history' for Elvish tongues". This process of first inventing a language and then creating a background setting for its fictional speakers has been described as unique. Dimitra Fimi, a Tolkien scholar, argues that Tolkien's invention of Qenya started as a quest for the ideal language, to match the moral and aesthetic objectives that were part of his project of creating "a mythology for England". Fimi argues that Tolkien deliberately used sound symbolism to unify sound and meaning and make the language appear as an ideal language, fit to be spoken in the utopian realm of the Elves and fairies of Valinor. Tolkien considered Quenya to be "the one language which has been designed to give play to my own most normal phonetic taste".
North Sindarin was spoken by the "Mithrim", the northernmost group of the Grey-elves. It differed from the Central Sindarin of Beleriand in many aspects. Originally spoken in Dorthonion and Hithlum, it contained many unique words and was not fully intelligible to the other Elves. 
List of Chairmen of the Parliament of North Ossetia–Alania


Ravna
<doc id="23143451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23143451" title="St. Mary's Church and Rectory (Iowa City, Iowa)">
Major Lazer partly produced UK singer Rita Ora's debut album, "Ora". Major Lazer worked with No Doubt for their sixth studio album, "Push and Shove". The album's title track features producers Major Lazer and Jamaican reggae artist Busy Signal, and was released as a promotional single in August 2012.
After a few stints with local studios, Pepe eventually moved to Switzerland in 2001 and joined Amila Entertainment, where he focused on the creation of computer-generated animations for various commercials. In 2006 Pepe moved back to Genoa and started a collaboration with Art Five Animation Studio, which led to the successful development of the Ceres Beer 2006 TV spot series, which was aired on all the major Italian television networks. This experience marked the turning point of Pepe's career.
Wolf Rilla
2010 "As Long As You Rock" Single

Dmitri Vyacheslavovich Chugunov (; born June 9, 1968) is a retired Russian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1986 for FC Torpedo Moscow.
Dan Sparks
On the South Tyrolean People's Party list: (EPP Group)
Coxquihui
On 4 July, Macedonia confirmed the first two cases of virus A/H1N1. As of 8 December 2009, 9 death cases due to complications from the swine flu have been recorded in Macedonia.
He spent eight years with The Mark Gordon Company, eventually becoming head of production. While there, he oversaw numerous projects, including "The Day After Tomorrow", "Winter Passing" and the 2009 film "The Messenger", directed by Oren Moverman and starring Woody Harrelson, Ben Foster and Samantha Morton, and "Source Code" (2011). 
[http://ax.itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/browserRedirect?url=itms%253A%252F%252Fax.itunes.apple.com%252FWebObjects%252FMZStore.woa%252Fwa%252FviewPreorder%253Fid%253D321017634%2526s%253D143441]


Rick Derksen
"First aired October 26, 2009"
One way to get an upper bound on the degree of risk aversion is to use the Ramsey model of intertemporal savings and consumption. In that case, equilibrium real interest rate is given by
Writings.

The DJSI have been divided into various benchmarks including the World, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Nordic, and Korean indexes.
GRAVIS was founded in 1983 by Laxmi Chand Tyagi and Shashi Tyagi, two social activists from Uttar Pradesh. In the 1960s and 1970s, the Tyagis learned from prominent social leaders such as Vinoba Bhave and Jayaprakash Narayan. With their firsthand experience in activism as well as their formal training in agriculture and education, the husband-and-wife duo set out to work on rural development in an area that severely lacked resources yet received little attention from existing development organizations. They decided on the Thar Desert, a harshly arid region in western Rajasthan.
Sir Frederick Tilney died in 1445, leaving their young daughter Elizabeth as heiress to his estates. Shortly before 1 December 1446, Elizabeth Cheney married secondly Sir John Say, of Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, Speaker of the House of Commons, and a member of the household of King Henry VI. He was a member of the embassy, led by William de la Pole, which was sent to France in 1444 to negotiate with King Charles VII for the marriage between King Henry and Margaret of Anjou. Her father settled land worth fifty marks clear per annum upon the couple and their issue before Candlemas, 1453. They made their home at Broxbourne, Hertfordshire. 

The town is halfway along the west coast of Tasman Peninsula, on Parsons Bay, which is a narrow continuation of Wedge Bay. It is 10 kilometres north-west of Port Arthur.
Jeff Bezos is reported to a be a fan.
<doc id="23154066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=23154066" title="Washington Obkom">
M. C. Chakrabarti
Brougham was appointed a Master in Chancery in 1831, which he remained until the following year. In 1831 he was also returned to Parliament for Southwark, a seat he held until 1835.< He was also lieutenant-colonel in the Cumberland Volunteers and served as a Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace for Cumberland. In 1868 he succeeded his elder brother as second Baron Brougham and Vaux according to a special remainder in the letters patent, and was able to take a seat in the House of Lords.
New biometric identity cards.
Bagadilico, "Basal Ganglia Disorders Linnaeus Consortium", is a research group in Lund, Sweden, and a Linnaeus environment, supported by the Swedish Research Council. The group consists of about 120 researchers at either Lund University or Lund University Hospital.
Graham Eyres-Monsell, 2nd Viscount Monsell
Woodworking tools.
On November 13 Porteous sued the task force, claiming that the panel was violating his Fifth Amendment rights by using testimony given under immunity in making the case against him. On January 21, 2010, the panel voted unanimously to recommend four articles of impeachment to the full Judiciary Committee, which, on January 27, voted to send the articles of impeachment to the full House.
Jon Kaiman
Football career.
European club competitions.
Anderson remarked that he did not make the decision to release "Cold Coffee and Hot Beer" as the lead single, but instead it was "selected by committee." He stated that he believed there are "four or five good singles on the record." 
