On the way to Matějovice we pass the Kašnice settlement which is a very interesting place. It was found at the end of 18th century and abandoned just after 1945 in connection with the transfer of Germans. Nowadays, there are only two houses and overgrown gardens left from the former settlement which makes it an intereresting mysterious experience to walk or ride a bicycle there.
Castle Rock Lake
North America.
Come Unto Down (; aka Come Down to a Lower Place) is a 1982 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Jang-ho, and based on the novel of the same title by Lee Cheong-jun. It was awarded Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards ceremony, and given the film award at the PaekSang Arts Awards.
Frank Berghuis (born 2 May 1967 in Vierhouten, Gelderland) is a Dutch former international footballer who played professionally as a left winger in the Netherlands, Turkey, and Belgium, making over 300 career league appearances.
Vražné is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. 
The Akron City Council in 1964 enacted a fair housing ordinance premised on a recognition of the social and economic losses to society which flow from substandard, ghetto housing and its tendency to breed discrimination and segregation contrary to the policy of the city to "assure equal opportunity to all persons to live in decent housing facilities regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry or national origin." Akron Ordinance No. 873-1964 § 1. A Commission on Equal Opportunity in Housing was established by the ordinance in the office of the Mayor to enforce the antidiscrimination sections of the ordinance through conciliation or persuasion if possible, but, if not, then through "such order as the facts warrant," based upon a hearing at which witnesses may be subpoenaed, and entitled to enforcement in the courts. Akron Ordinance No. 873-1964, as amended by Akron Ordinance No. 926-1964.
Zhuk may refer to:
The court held that the lower court's determination was not clearly erroneous. The court held that there was sufficient evidence to support a finding that the African-American citizens had been invidiously excluded from the political process by the county's system of elections. The court found that the sheer geographic size of the county made it difficult for the African-American citizens to get to polling places or to campaign for office. The court held that the elections system submerged the will of the African-American citizens and thus denied their access to the system. The court found that the requirement that candidates run for specific seats enhanced the African-American citizens' lack of access because it prevented a cohesive political group from concentrating on a single candidate.
Soviet destroyer Yakov Sverdlov
The police strive to catch a masked serial killer who focuses on women.
He lives between Madrid, New York and Los Angeles.

Elsdorf, 
