
Categories in the GUBA Awards are divided into sections that represent the Ghanaian Flag: Red (Business & Enterprise); Gold (Popular Culture); Green (Community) and Black Star (Recognition Awards).
His father played football in amateur league. His older brother also plays football in Menemen Belediyespor as midfielder.
Le Sieur won an ASCAP award in 2012 for his work on "Being Human", a North American version of the British show of the same name.
The episode "Pedrong Walang Takot" was first offered to Ryan Agoncillo, but refused to be part of any MMFF film because he does not want to compete with his wife, Judy Ann Santos who also has an MMFF movie.It was then offered to Ogie Alcasid, but is still busy shooting another Unitel movie, . The role finally landed to actor Richard Gomez. Other casts are Sid Lucero, Iza Calzado, Paolo Contis and Rufa Mae Quinto. The story "Mariang Alimango" is to be portrayed by Empress Schuck, alongside co-Star Magic actor Sam Concepcion and actress Zsa Zsa Padilla. 

5km Visually impaired.

Air Kerala was expected to submit formal application in November 2012 before the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (India) (DGCA) for getting the no objection certificate for services, as stated by the Minister for Fisheries, Port and Excise, Shri. K. Babu, who is also a member of the director board of Air Kerala.
<doc id="37292300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37292300" title="Kim Ha-eun">
Life and Career.
Two endomicroscope products have been developed: the Pentax ISC-1000/EC3870CIK (Pentax/Hoya, Tokyo, Japan), now withdrawn from some markets, and Cellvizio (Mauna Kea Technologies, Paris, France). The Pentax Medical device is pre-packaged into an endoscope, and uses electromagnetic-controlled scanning of a fibre to perform the confocal scanning at the distal tip of the device. This provides sub-micrometre resolution across a large field of view and up to a million pixels per frame. The original Pentax instrument had variable frame rate up to 1.6 fps and dynamic adjustment of working distance by the user over a depth range from surface to 250um. Mauna Kea’s Cellvizio device has an external laser scanning unit and offers a selection of fibre-bundle based probes with resolution, field of view and working distance optimised for different applications. These probes are compatible with standard endoscope instrument channels, and have a frame rate of 12 Hz.

William Musgrave was a physician.

Field Research.
<doc id="37295791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=37295791" title="1992 Tokyo Indoor – Doubles">
Various design options are also available:
