In 1838, rebel leaders Samuel Lount and Peter Matthews were hanged at the jail for their participation in the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837.
Barrett played professionally in Spain for Etosa Alicante (1997–98), Argentina for Boca Juniors (1998–99), Venezuela for Cocodrilos de Caracas (1999-00, 2000–01, 2002–03), Cyprus for Keravnos Keo (2000–01), Greece for Dafni (2001–02), Israel for Maccabi Rishon LeZion (2001–02), Hapoel Haifa and Ramat Hasharon (2002–03), Italy for Vertical Vision Cantù (2005–06) and in France for JDA Dijon (2003–04) and ASVEL Lyon-Villeurbanne (2006–07).
In January 2000, Ledisi released her first album, ', independently on her label, LeSun Records. The album spun off four singles, "Soulsinger", "Take Time", "Get Outta My Kitchen", and "Good Lovin'". After the release of ', Ledisi toured with her group Anibade.
The men's 50 kilometres event was part of the track cycling programme at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
The programme plays a range of Chinese music from Canto-Pop and Mandarin classics to Chinese Classical tunes. It covers a range of community issues and promote events and activities for the community. Police have used the programme to broadcast appeals for information in Cantonese to the Chinese community.

Childhood.
University of Notre Dame.
Engineered Rock Structures in Mining and Civil Construction. Taylor and Francis, London, 2006. (with R.N. Singh)
The Biblical character Moses is discussed or alluded to in surviving works by a number of Judeo-Hellenic or Judeo-Roman authors, including Eupolemus, Artapanus, Josephus, and Philo, as well as the non-Jewish Hellenistic authors discussed in the main article "Moses".
<doc id="12968455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12968455" title="Topographical poetry">
Plot synopsis.
He was Hunterian Professor of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
<doc id="12970069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12970069" title="Bud Sagendorf">
Fitzpatrick died in the Sydney suburb of Roseville, New South Wales, survived by a son and daughter.
Places of Importance.
Wong He (born 27 July 1967), sometimes credited as Wong Hei, is a Hong Kong actor, singer, and presenter. He is best known for his firefighter roles in TVB's "Burning Flame" trilogy. As a former police officer, Wong has acted primarily in law enforcement roles during his career at TVB, which gave rise to rumors that his stage name is based on the Cantonese term "皇氣" (lit. "royal air"), a slang term for the Royal Hong Kong Police. Wong is a practicing Buddhist, having converted in 2000.
The Country calling code for Zimbabwe is 263

<doc id="12973227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12973227" title="Dave Altizer">
He was part of the Canadian handball team, which finished eleventh in the 1976 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches and scored twelve goals.
Greatest Hits (2005 Blondie album)

2nd Division Runners Up
Higham co-owns Embassy Studios, a sixteen track analogue recording studio near Basingstoke, with Foot Tapping Records boss, Clive Duffin. They also run a small recording label, Ambassador Records. Higham is endorsed by Peavey and plays their amplifiers exclusively. He also helped design the company's first semi acoustic guitar - The Rockingham. He now plays a variety of guitars including a Gretsch White Falcon, a Gibson ES-5 and a Kay Thin Line re-issue.
1984.

He went on to compete in the 1982 Brisbane Commonwealth Games picking up 3 bronze medals,in the 100/200,and 4x100 relay, where he again beat off top quality sprinters to secure the medals in all 3 sprints.
Green initiatives.
Maria Muldaur is the eponymous 1973 debut studio album of musician Maria Muldaur. The album includes Muldaur's best-known single, "Midnight at the Oasis", which charted at #6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and "Three Dollar Bill", which charted at #7 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts. The album, which peaked at #3 on The Billboard 200, was certified gold by the RIAA on May 13, 1974.

The Țiganu River is a tributary of the Iaz River in Romania.
Kate Adams.
Jerahl Hughes (born August 10, 1989) is an English football player currently unattached.
Lists of Swedish Swimming Championships champions

Military units move in a (somewhat) similar manner as in "Diplomacy". Armies can be transported over bodies of water by convoys. Fleets and armies destroy each other in a one-to-one ratio. Fleets are always moved first; then armies. Each imperial power has a railroad network within its borders by which its armies can rapidly deploy to the battlefield. For example, in one turn, Germany can move a fleet into the North Sea, and then move an army from Munich to Norway by (1) traveling from Munich to Hamburg by railroad, and then (2) traveling from Hamburg to Norway by convoy. In Germany's next turn, that army can make the return trip by the same means. Chains of fleets in contiguous ocean territories can transport armies over long distances in one turn, but each fleet can only carry one army per turn.
<doc id="12979280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12979280" title="Bart Shirley">
In 2013 at Dover, Logano won both the NNS races for a third and fourth consecutive time in the Nationwide series. This made him the only driver to win 4 consecutive races at Dover in any series, and the all time wins leader in the Nationwide Series at the track. In addition to his wins at Dover, he took home a Nationwide win at Chicagoland Speedway during a cup series off week in July. The Team Penske #22 car won the Nationwide Series owners title in 2013 a feat Logano has now contributed to three times in his career, once at Penske and twice at JGR. The 2013 Nationwide Series owners title was a first for Team Penske.
Through the Tisa and Danube rivers, it belongs to the Black Sea catchment basin. Its own catchment area is 2,878 km².
During this period Lorenzo Domínguez performed drawings that can also be considered masterpieces and show the influence of the aesthetic experience he had just lived in Easter Island. He completed three drawings on the "Shipwreck" subseries (Series of Assorted Easter Island Themes) and three "Easter Island Torsos"; as well as two drawings with the subject of "Christ" that are related to the "Christ" drawn during his stay in Easter Island. He made a drawing about "Valle Inclán", the Spanish writer that he had met in his youth; and three about "Don Quixote", in two of which Don Quixote is identified with Christ, creating an aesthetic synthesis of two figures that are a symbolic constant along Domínguez's artistic biography. In these two drawings, Don Quixote appears with a crown of thorns or a halo, and with his hand raised in the act of blessing. Both drawings are called "I Know Who I Am", in reference to some intriguing words pronounced by Don Quixote in chapter V of the first part of Cervantes' novel. Other drawings of this period with religious connotations are: "Saint Gemma", "Saint with Cross", and two representations of the "Virgin of Luján", conceived as the starting point for an embossed iron or a tombstone to be placed at the gravesite of the artist's mother. There is also an enigmatic drawing that has vague hagiographic echoes, entitled "The Blind Woman from Palmira", Palmira being a small city near Mendoza. During this period from February 1961 to the moment of his death, Domínguez worked on three series of nudes: "Seated Nudes", "Reclining Nudes" and "Two Nudes". He worked in a subseries of portraits entitled "Young Girl from Mendoza" and in a drawing entitled "Woman from Mendoza". A curious drawing of this period is "The Madly in Love Melon Vendor", a love message addressed to his wife Clara.
Early life.
Maximos Aghiorgoussis, the bishop of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America in Pittsburgh, has stated that Scientology is not in fact a "church", but rather a gnostic/theosophical system of thought. He went on to say that there are at least six serious points of contention between the two groups, including:
Walter Addiego of the "San Francisco Chronicle" said, "this love letter to man's best friend will make dog fanciers roll over and do tricks. It's so warmhearted, you'll want to run out and hug the nearest big, sloppy mutt." The praise continued with Carrie Rickey of the "Philadelphia Inquirer" awarding the film three out of four stars and saying, ""Marley and Me" operates on the assumption that happiness is a warm tongue bath. And those who endorse this belief will enjoy this shaggy dog story . . . The anecdotal structure does not make for a gripping movie. For one thing, there's no conflict, unless you count the tension between a guy and his untrainable pooch. Yet "Marley" boasts animal magnetism . . . Mawkish? Sometimes. But often very funny and occasionally very moving."

Henry Rosewell was born on 1 November 1590 at Forde Abbey in Devon (Forde Abbey is in the parish of Thorncombe which was transferred from Devon to Dorset in 1842). Henry was the only son of William Rosewell (1561–1593) and Ann Walkeden who were married at St Martins, London on 20 June 1588. William Rosewell had purchased Forde Abbey from Sir Amias Poulet about 1581.
<doc id="12983304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12983304" title="Bichena">
Katsutoshi Nagasawa
Gregory Leeb (born May 31, 1977 in Red Deer, Alberta) is a professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Coventry Blaze in the Elite Ice Hockey League. He played 2 games for the Dallas Stars in the 2000–01 season.
