
Philipakos took part in Olympiacos’ preseason tours of Spain and Cyprus, but just before the 2004-05 season he suffered an inguinal hernia on his left side that required surgery and forced him to miss season's first half. Philipakos debuted for Olympiacos on 19 January 2005 in the Greek Cup against Iraklis at Kaftanzoglio Stadium. Philipakos made his league debutand first starton February 27, 2005 against Chalkidona (now called Atromitos) at Olympiacos’ Georgios Karaiskakis Stadium and he made his European debut on 16 March 2005 in the UEFA Cup Round of 16 against Newcastle United at St James' Park. During the season the Greek media continually compared Philipakos to former Olympiacos star winger Stelios Giannakopoulos. Olympiacos became A' Ethniki champions and Greek Cup winners in the 2004-05 season, with Philipakos making a total of 6 appearances (2 starts), playing primarily as a right-sided midfielder. At the end of the season, Olympiacos renewed Philipakos’ contract for 2 years.
Tropic is an unincorporated area in Brevard County, Florida, United States. It is the southernmost area on Merritt Island, and its identity was absorbed into the census-designated place of Merritt Island during the Space Age of the 1950s and '60s. This portion of Merritt Island is served by County Road 3 (South Tropical Trail) and the Mather's Bridge.
<doc id="11905857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11905857" title="Louisiana Highway 3113">
Club career.


Petter Bruer Hanssen
Early life and career.
Since winning the National Australia Bank-sponsored AFL Rising Star Award, Selwood has been involved in several promotions for the bank, in an ambassadorial role and in several television advertisement appearances. He is also an ambassador for the AFL's junior development program, Auskick, annually acting as a mentor for the junior player deemed 'Auskicker of the Year'. Along with his parents and brothers, Selwood works on behalf of the Seeing Eye Dogs Association (SEDA) organisation. Selwood and his family sponsor pups who are being trained as a seeing eye dogs—one named "Selwood" in his family's honour. SEDA has said that the family's widespread dispersal around Australia, with Adam and Scott in Western Australia, Joel and Troy remaining in Victoria, has helped to publicise the organisation's nationwide activity. During the 2010 season, Selwood was officially appointed as the club's community ambassador for various charitable community activities. Selwood subsequently became the public face of both the Cotton On Foundation and its sponsorship for the rebuilding of the children's ward at Geelong Hospital.

"Because naming conventions for Indigenous Australians vary widely, this list is ordered by first name rather than surname."
Overview.

