<doc id="38103199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38103199" title="Gabriel Wagner">
Group A.
Single set of rules.
The following pairs received wildcards into the main draw:
The UDAC was under the control of LOCOG until September 2012 when they finished using it after the 2012 Paralympic Games. On 17 September Newham London Borough Council approved plans to demolish the facility and construct a series of industrial buildings in its place, intended as part of London's Olympic legacy.
<doc id="38105137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38105137" title="Castro de A Cidá">

<doc id="38105794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38105794" title="Gürpınar, Göynük">
JTLS and JCATS have been integrated within the Joint Multi-Resolution Model (JMRM) Federation as core models. JTLS provides high-level aggregate representation while JCATS provides entity-level representation. To support this federation, JTLS includes an Entity Level Simulation (ELS) component that provides entity templating of its aggregate units to further enhance its capabilities. Both models are High Level Architecture (HLA) compliant.
Balı, Kıbrıscık
Kotanjian is the author of several monographs and numerous articles on crisis management, ethnic conflict, security, defense and strategic studies, and cyberpsychology.
Note: "Sp nov" means a new species, "Gen nov" means a new genus, "et" means and, "comb nov" means a new combination (a new binomial name created by combining a known species name with a new genus name.)

Club.
Concerning the Entrance into Eternity is the first collaborative album from Jozef van Wissem and Jim Jarmusch. It was released on Important Records in 2012.
Chowgan (, also Romanized as Chowgān) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 27 families. 

Qibao Station

Lego Legends of Chima Online
Pacchierotti's second work, "L' albatro: leggenda nordica", for at least one major reviewer established Pacchierotti as a young new composer of promise, although the work itself initially did not see many performances. "L'albatro" premiered at the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan in November 1905. In November 1907, extracts of the work were played as a prelude to a performance of "Cavalleria Rusticana" in Turin. The reviewer for "La Stampa" commented favorably on both the Milan premiere of the entire opera, and the extracts performed in Turin, stating that the pieces were:
The threads of the traversing and elevating mechanisms are of the square type, rather than of the efficient buttress type utilized in the Type 97. No sight has been reported for the Type 3, and the sight for the Type 97 will not fit. The sight mount of the Type 3 is considered unstable. The total weight of the Type 3 is . The tube weighs , the bipod , and the base plate .
Gibraltar general election, 1992
Nelson Province (Australia)

e Jantke was born in Marienburg, which was then a part of the German Empire; it is now Malbork and located in Poland.<br>
Personal history.

"Spellbound: the true story of man's greatest invention" (2005) explores the English language and how it has developed through the ages to the quirkiness of today. Essinger covers topics from the extended meanings of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics, King Alfred the Great's promotion of Anglo Saxon English to influences on our contemporary language. He discusses how English is a mongrel mix of languages from as diverse sources as Cornish, Finnish and Inuit,
Ippen was one of the authors whose texts were published in the periodical "Albania" published by Faik Konica in period 1897—1910. Konica assured Ippen that he and his friends believed that Albania should be in political and military union with Austria.
Infrastructure.
<doc id="38119447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38119447" title="Lily Laight">
C. baileyi
Chehel Raz
Luz has a 2–7 record for Portugal in Fed Cup competition.
Family.

<doc id="38123997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38123997" title="Operation Lot">
Biljana Filipović

"Shadow of Night" was met with generally positive reviews from literary critics. Sherryl Connelly of the "New York Daily News" described the novel as "rich, period fun, particularly delightful in its witty characterization of historical immortals." Carol Memmott of "USA Today" gave the book four stars, praising Harkness' attention to historical details. Both Memmott and Margot Adler of "NPR" expressed excitement and anticipation for the next novel in the series. "Entertainment Weekly" also praised the novel, giving "Shadow of Night" a B+: "The joy that Harkness, herself a historian, takes in visiting the past is evident on every page. […] Like any love affair, "Shadow of Night" has its rough patches. But its enduring rewards are plenty."
On December 15, 2011 Meckler was arrested at New York's LaGuardia Airport and charged with criminal possession of a weapon, a felony under the gun laws in New York. While checking baggage for a flight to Detroit, Meckler presented a Delta Airlines agent with a locked case containing ammunition and an unloaded Glock 27 pistol. He had a permit to carry the weapon in California. Meckler was unaware that his gun license was not valid in New York, which has strict gun laws. Meckler was released following arraignment. A spokesman for the Port Authority Police said Meckler "had a misunderstanding of the law. He had a permit to carry in California." An attorney for Meckler said Meckler was "in temporary transit" through New York and the gun was "lawful" and in a safe approved by the Transportation Security Administration. After the incident, Meckler said he believed his constitutional rights had been violated. He subsequently plead guilty to an infraction of disorderly conduct, in order to avoid trial on charges which carried up to a fifteen year prison sentence. He was sentenced to a $250 fine, and the pistol was destroyed.
Santiago de Cao is a town in Northern Peru, capital of the district Santiago de Cao of Ascope Province in the region La Libertad. This town is located some 33 km northwest of Trujillo city in the agricultural Chicama Valley.

According to the project map, there will be 10 bridges, but no tender to this effect was floated. Only 15 kilometer roads inside the project have been completed out of 140 kilometers in the sectors 1, 4, 5, 11, and 17. The handing over of plots in the sectors 4, 5 and 17 has been started. 
<doc id="38130216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=38130216" title="Lubei Subdistrict, Taizhou, Zhejiang">
After her husband's death in 1981, she almost abandoned music. She spent her last days in her brother's house in İstanbul, and died of respiratory failure on 4 January 2013. She was survived by a brother and a sister, Halil İbrahim Ekiz and Şaziye Çataloğlu, respectively.
