Originally NASCAR did not limit qualifying to a single day, or single attempt; it offered a second round of qualifying for teams who wished to improve their qualifying times. Drivers and teams decided if they were content with their first attempt, and "stood on their time", or if they wanted to improve their chances by attempting a "second-round qualifying" attempt. If satisfied with the original attempt, the team was required to notify NASCAR within five minutes of the final practice sessions, and before the beginning of the "second-round qualifying" attempts. The second round of qualifying ended in 2001.
The single was released digitally February 8, 2009. After two days release it has currently peaked at #54 on the New Zealand iTunes Music Store and at #4 on the Dance/Electronic Singles Chart. This single was released after the highly successful single Everything.


A neighborhood of 5 to 12 households becomes a unit of social organization, where members engage in frequent interactions. In cases of dispute, members may intervene to mediate, so that they may over time develop as efficient arbitrators of disputes, and become recognized as such by this neighborhood. There are many such communities in Subanen society. A bigger group of interacting communities may contain as many as 50 households.
Napkin (disambiguation)
Italian journalism award. It is made annually to six journalists from print media and television for their career achievements and their contributions to the freedom of the press.

Lukas Van Eenoo
The prototype for the Demidov Pillar was the Rumyantsev Obelisk in honour of the victories of Count PA Rumyantsev, established at the end of the 18th century on Vasilevsky Island in Saint Petersburg. Initial designs for the Demidovsky Pillar were for it to be 21m high (close to the height of the Rumyantsev Obelisk), but during construction under architect Jakob Nikolayevich Popov the height was significantly reduced, to 14m. It is made of 12 grey granite blocks, cut and processed in the Kolyvanskoy township and floated down the Tcharych and Ob to Barnaul on rafts. The base rests on four iron pillars underpinning the granite pedestal, and on that pedestal is a cast bronze plaque reading:
<doc id="21476863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=21476863" title="Gallo-Roman culture">
Aurora Pavlovna Demidova
Akita Relay
His stay with Jünger inspired his second book "Hitler's Heralds: the story of the Freikorps 1918-1923".(1987. Reissued in 2004 as "A Brief History of the birth of the Nazis").
Pocona Canton () is one of the cantons of the Pocona Municipality in the Carrasco Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.
The Fine Art Trade Guild is an organisation representing the fine art and framing industry. Based in London, the Guild operates primarily in the United Kingdom and Ireland, also in a smaller capacity in New Zealand. 
Derivative Dribble is a blog written by Charles Davi focused on finance, particularly derivatives and structured products. The site explains how various financial instruments work and why they are used. Additionally, the site has many opinion pieces on how derivatives and structured products operate in the broader financial system.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

Concordia College – Selma.
Group D.
Szikal made his Bundesliga debut with 1. FC Nuremberg as an 87th minute substitute in a 2–1 home win against 1. FC Köln on 1 October 2005. He later moved to SV Darmstadt 98 and SpVgg Weiden.
The iteration of the inner loop of the algorithm for "v" = 4 makes a recursive call to the algorithm with "R" = {4}, "P" = {3,5,6}, and "X" = Ø (although vertex 2 belongs to the set "X" in the outer call to the algorithm, it is not a neighbor of "v" and is excluded from the subset of "X" passed to the recursive call). This recursive call will end up making three second-level recursive calls to the algorithm that report the three cliques {3,4}, {4,5}, and {4,6}. Then, vertex 4 is added to "X" and removed from "P".
Sky1's autumn 2008 season saw Edmonds host "Noel's HQ", a new live entertainment show with a philanthropic purpose, with his fees going to a charitable trust. This was later developed into a series. The show received negative reviews. Sky edited a repeat broadcast after Edmonds launched an extended verbal attack on a council press officer. In March 2009 Sky1 announced the cancellation of the show.

During the summer of 1980 Münchenstein was the host municipality for the 2nd Swiss exhibition for garden and Landscaping, which was named "Grün 80". The exhibition was held in Brüglingen and also made benefit of the entire estate grounds. The remains of the former exhibition complex, the park and its gardens, are now a local recreation area. The botanical gardens are within the borders of Merian Park and cover an area of 135'000 m2. On the bank of the "St. Alban-Teich", an artificially constructed canal, is the Watermill which has been used as museum since 1966: The late Gothic mill is situated directly below the prominent Villa.
Woman’s has welcomed more than 170,000 babies to the world since its inception and delivers more babies in Harris County than any other hospital. December 2008 marked an especially historic moment when the hospital delivered its 9,000th baby of the year – a first in the history of Woman’s. With 275 licensed beds plus an additional 92 beds slated to open in early 2009, the opening of the hospital’s new wing will enable physicians to deliver 11,000 babies annually, a goal that increases current deliveries by more than 20 percent. 
Kevin Williams (defensive back)
Harry Chapman (news anchor)
“Deconstruction,” "Prairie Schooner", Winter 1999 (winner of the Lawrence Foundation Award).
