This mountain is considered the bodhimanda of Avalokitesvara (Guan Yin), bodhisattva of compassion.
Although Xia was popular during his lifetime, his reputation suffered after his death, together with that of all Southern Song academy painters. Nevertheless, a few artists, including the Japanese master Sesshū, continued Xia's tradition for hundreds of years, until the early 17th century.
The late-ripening grape Altesse is the only permitted variety in the appellation. Formerly, wines that were designated merely as Roussette de Savoie AOC (rather than with some specific Cru) were blended with up to 50% Chardonnay, although blending with Chardonnay is no longer permitted. 
he was born in 1900

Die Hochzeit "(The Wedding)" (WWV 31) is an unfinished opera by Richard Wagner which predates his completed works in the genre. Wagner completed the libretto, then started composing the music in the second half of 1832 when he was just nineteen. He abandoned the project after his sister Rosalie, who was the main supporter and the spokesman of the family, expressed her disgust at the story. Wagner destroyed the libretto. 

In the summer of 1940 Baudouin gave his backing to Henri Dhavernas, Inspecteur des Finances, and a former chief commissioner for the Catholic Scouts de France, to found a new official youth movement, the 'Compagnons de France', which was formally registered as an association in July 1940. It was, following the armistice, both a pragmatic way to unify French young people and a reflection of the romantic, anti-liberal, anti-modern mentality of many pre-war Catholic intellectuals. The Compagnons, Maréchal Pétain said, were to be "the National Revolution's vanguard". The movement received the enormous sum of 19 million Francs in subsidies, in addition to an initial sum of 6.1 million Francs handed over personally to Dhavernas by Baudouin, between October 1940 and January 1941. 
Timberland is a village in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated north-east from Sleaford, and on the Timberland Fen. Its closest neighbouring village is Martin, less than to the north.
This version also won Country Music Association awards in two consecutive years: 1982 Song of the Year and 1983 Song of the Year for songwriters Christopher, James and Carson; 1982 Single of the Year for Nelson, and; contributed to Nelson winning 1982 Album of the Year for the album "Always on My Mind".
In El Salvador, Cabañas became both a Minister in the government and head of the National Congress.

The Unquiet Dead
Thus, the energy term of all symbols in the code alphabet is constant (at ("normalized") value 2).
Scientists at Merck have recently discovered a novel antibiotic lead compound with potential medicinal applications called platensimycin as seen in the picture to the right.
St. Elijah's Housing
<doc id="1653442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1653442" title="Ferdydurke">
After it closed in August 2007, some of the buildings were removed and the land returned to the Department of Defence. In May 2008, a public auction was held for the surplus material remaining in the complex.
Characterization.
Abraham Venable may refer to:
It is a subcategory of Latin music and/or Caribbean music. 
"A Generation" is set in Wola, a working-class section of Warsaw, in 1942 and tells the stories of two young men at odds with the Germans occupation of Poland. The young protagonist, Stach (Tadeusz Lomnicki), is living in squalor on the outskirts of the city and carrying out wayward acts of theft and rebellion. After a friend is killed attempting to heist coal from a German supply train, he finds work as an apprentice at a furniture workshop, where he becomes involved in an underground communist resistance cell guided first by a friendly journeyman there who in turn introduces Stach to the beautiful Dorota (Urszula Modrzynska). An outsider, Jasio Krone (Tadeusz Janczar), the temperamental son of an elderly veteran, is initially reluctant to join the struggle but finally commits himself, running relief operations in the Jewish ghetto during the uprising there.
The section from Highway 12 to Highway 35 is now known as Portage Road and signed as Durham Regional Highway 48 and Kawartha Lakes Road 48.
Dombås
There are five bikes that come in 8-Ball versions: Hammer, Vegas, Kingpin, Vision, and Cross Country. 8-Balls come in one color and have a lower retail price tag. The bikes are basically the same as their counterparts but generally come with fewer add-ons. Example: The Vision 8-Ball does not come with the passenger backrest/trunk. The 8-Ball versions of the bikes are also lower or have a lower seat.
Bocas del Toro or Bocas Town is the capital of the Panamanian province of Bocas del Toro and the district of Bocas del Toro. It is a town and a tourist resort located on the southern tip of Colón Island in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago in the Caribbean Sea. Bocas Town had 12,996 residents in 2008.
Early years.
Asheville teams have played under the Tourists moniker in different leagues and classifications for decades, with the earliest dating to 1897. The current team has played continuously in what is now known as the South Atlantic League since 1976. They have won three league championships, first in 1984 and most recently in 2014. Previous Tourists teams won a total of four additional championships.

The term "viniyoga" has been used by T. K. V. Desikachar to describe his approach to utilizing the tools of yoga, in particular his conviction that yoga practice should be adapted to fit the individuality and particular situation of each practitioner. Desikachar later distanced himself from the term.
OpenGL shading language.
Media.

<doc id="1655620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1655620" title="List of Polish war cemeteries">
He was possibly born and probably trained in Venice, and signed the Withypool Altarpiece "Antonius Desolario, Venetus 1514"; this includes a donor portrait and the heraldry of the London merchant Paul Withypool. This work and other references to works in England by John Leland a few decades later are the evidence for his putative English visit. The altarpiece is in the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery who own the main panel; the wings have been loaned by the National Gallery, who also have a "Virgin and Child". There is a similar but smaller panel of the "Madonna and Child with a Donor" in the National Museum of Capodimonte at Naples. All include charming small landscapes seen through windows in a wall behind the figures.
Transportation.
Implementing SAP (SAP R/3), using the ARIS embedded model.
Audi's Pune showroom is located here.
History.
In February 2012 a German ship laid anchor on top of the cable, damaging it. The cost to Finnish consumer and industry in the following two months in higher electricity prices was estimated to be 80 million Euros.
