
The angle of view of a lens depends upon its focal length and the camera's image sensor size; a sensor smaller than 35 mm film format (36×24 mm frame) gives a narrower angle of view for a lens of a given focal length than a camera equipped with a full-frame (35 mm) sensor. As of 2014, only a few current DSLRs have full-frame sensors, including the Canon EOS-1D X, EOS 5D Mark III, and EOS 6D; and the Nikon D3X, Nikon D4S, Nikon D610, Nikon D800, and Nikon Df. The scarcity of full-frame DSLRs is partly a result of the cost of such large sensors. Medium format size sensors, such as those used in the Mamiya ZD among others, are even larger than full-frame (35 mm) sensors, and capable of even greater resolution, and are correspondingly more expensive.

On the eve of invasion, the Japanese garrison on Makin Atoll's main island, Butaritari, numbered 806 men: 284 naval ground troops of the 6th Special Naval Landing Force, 108 aviation personnel of the 802nd and 952nd Aviation Units, 138 troops of the 111th Pioneers, and 276 men of the Fourth Fleet Construction Department and Makin Tank Detachment of 3rd Special Base Force (3 Type 95 Ha-Go Light Tanks), all commanded by Lt.j.g. Seizo Ishikawa. The number of trained combat troops on Makin was not more than 300 soldiers.
Use in conservation.

Metal Hammer Podcast.
Mitchell U-2 Superwing
<doc id="1181764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1181764" title="Sadozai">
Edward Cross (November 11, 1798 – April 6, 1887) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Arkansas.
Somerset by G.W. Wade and J.H. Wade (circa 1904) states
Hays became professor of political science at the Eagleton Institute at Rutgers University and a visiting professor of government at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He served as director of the Ecumenical Institute at Wake Forest University from 1968-1970. In 1970 he was elected as co-chairman of Former Members of Congress, Inc. and served as the chairman of the Government Good Neighbor Council of North Carolina.
A project delivery method is a system used by an agency or owner for organizing and financing design, construction, operations, and maintenance services for a structure or facility by entering into legal agreements with one or more entities or parties.
The island was formed geologically during the recent retreat of the falls as it cut inward (upstream) through the Niagara Escarpment. The channel of the Niagara River splits in two above the falls, creating two sets of falls, one on either side of the island. In 1959-60, the eastern side of the island was extended about for additional parking and a helicopter pad. Fill was provided from excavation for the construction of the Robert Moses State Parkway. In 1955 the area between the Terrapin Rocks and Goat Island was filled in, creating Terrapin Point.
For example, in trisyllabic measures (anapestic, amphibrachic, dactylic) it is often quite arbitrary where one divides the feet, and the salient fact seems to be the number of non-ictic syllables —in this case two— between each ictus, rather than whether the repeated pattern is imagined as ××/, ×/×, or /××. Foot analysis tends to imply that there is a special relationship among syllables within feet which does not apply across feet, but this is doubtful. Furthermore, iambic pentameter (despite its name) may be better described as a series of 10 positions than of 5 feet, especially since the sequence ××// may be interpreted as the swapping of ictic and non-ictic positions "across feet", suggesting that if feet constitute any kind of boundary at all, it is a porous one indeed.
The speed opener is a flat blade of steel approximately 4 cm wide and 16 cm long with a thumb hole at one end and a letterbox cut at the other to remove the crown seals from a bottle. The thumb hole is used to pull bottles out of ice, by placing the hole over bottle neck, then lifting it. The speed opener is widely used by professional bartenders in Canada, the USA, and the UK. Carried in the pocket or against the body or on a zip string, it is both convenient and fast for the modern bartender. 
Biography.
Polish Volunteer Air Force Squadrons Coat of Arms.

However, the dual set of an infinite-dimensional "V" does not span its dual space "V"∗. For example, consider the map "w" in "V"∗ from "V" into the underlying scalars "F" given by for all "i". This map is clearly nonzero on all "vi". If "w" were a finite linear combination of the dual basis vectors "vi", say formula_37 for a finite subset "K" of "I", then for any "j" not in "K", formula_38, contradicting the definition of "w". So, this "w" does not lie in the span of the dual set.
Note that the rare piece is alphabetically the last property in each group, except for Boardwalk. In 2013, McDonald's allowed two Boardwalk pieces to be produced, normally there has been one.
References.
Yuchi has been analyzed as having from 19 to 40 consonants, chiefly depending on whether the glottalized and labialized consonants are counted, or considered to be sequences with and , respectively. Some of the latter are included in the table in parentheses:

Markham City Council
Setting.
There are 7 schools and 3 high-schools in the city. The "Carol I" high-school is the best in the Fetești-Ţăndărei area, and one of the best in the county.
In later stages, a meatal stricture may occur, causing urinary retention. This may result in bladder or kidney damage.
Types of network-based managed care programs.

When the series was announced, NBC received complaints from the Moral Majority and other special-interest groups upset about a positive portrayal of homosexuality. Initially, nothing in the series referred to its lead character's sexuality except oblique, coded hints. Despite the rather ambiguous nature of Sidney's personal life aside from Laurie and Patti (some critics defined the character as a "confirmed bachelor" in the wake of the show's early downplay of homosexuality), "Love, Sidney" ended up being a notably big hit in New York City, since the show's premise mirrored real life in that area, especially among their gay population. The show was also popular in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Seattle. Elsewhere however, the show's performance per market ran the gamut from at most moderately successful to poorly rated all through the run. As the network's concern over special interest groups waned, indications of Sidney Shorr's orientation remained hush until an overhaul in the show's creative team in 1982 changed all that.
In 1985 the first JUSCO store outside Japan was opened in Plaza Dayabumi, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, as a jointly-owned company with Cold Storage and three local companies, known as Jaya Jusco. It was the first time that a Japanese company had entered into a significant joint venture in the Malaysian retail industry. JUSCO assumed total operational control of the chain in 1988. Currently. there are 20 AEON (formerly known as JUSCO) Retails stores and shopping centres are in operation in Malaysia.
Tiu Keng Leng
The Wichita Eagle
In Malay and Orang Asli traditions, the lake Chinni, located in Pahang is home to a naga called Sri Gumum. Depending on legend versions, her predecessor Sri Pahang or her son left the lake and later fought a naga called Sri Kemboja. Kemboja is the former name of what is Cambodia. Like the naga legends there, there are stories about an ancient empire in lake Chinni, although the stories are not linked to the naga legends.
Nautilus II was a motor pleasure boat built at City Island, New York in early 1917. She was enrolled in the Naval Coast Defense Reserve and commissioned into the United States Navy in October 1917 as the motor patrol boat USS "Nautilus" (SP-559), Boatswain J. C. Welply, USNRF, in command, and assigned to patrol and escort duties of the New York City area for the remainder of World War I. She was decommissioned and returned to her owner, E.E. Dickinson of Essex County, Connecticut, on 14 February 1919.
Sold in capsule form, pulp powder was the first "M. citrifolia" product brought to the commercial market in Hawaii by Herbert Moniz of Herb's Herbs in 1992 after patenting a unique "M. citrifolia" dehydrating method.()
Behind the main grandstand is the Homestead RC Raceway for radio controlled cars, it was used to host the 2011 IFMAR Worlds for 1:8 IC Track cars.
The Hunting Act 2004 bans some hunting but permits some activities believed to be necessary for land managers. Parliament accepted the view that the hunting of pests such as rats and rabbits was legitimate. MPs did not believe that there was any necessity to use dogs to hunt mice.
"The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists" has been cited as a factor in the landslide Labour victory in 1945, and even for the election of two non-Labour-endorsed Communist members of Parliament that same year. It has been taught in schools and universities, and adapted for stage, television and radio, and readings have been performed at trade union meetings.
Kilchberg, Zürich is twinned with:
In the mid-19th century the population rose above 1,000, and after World War II it reached more than 2,000. Since the 1950s there has been a decline in population, which was compensated for by the incorporation of neighboring municipalities.
On 13 July the submarine fired five torpedoes at enemy ships in Semarang Roadstead. The next day, the submarine headed for Australia, transiting Lombok Straits between Bali and Lombok Island during daylight on 14 July. While "Loggerhead" passed between these islands, the enemy shore batteries surprised her with hot fire. Evading the bursts of the Japanese shells through skillful maneuvers, "Loggerhead" escaped undamaged. She arrived at Fremantle on 19 July.

Doris Anderson
USS Trenton (1876)
Afro-fusion in Japanese media.


VFA-14
A native of New England, Bowden holds a degree from the State University of New York. Bowden is the recipient of numerous awards for her contemporary religious imagery. 

Three Sufi orders were prominent in Somalia. In order of their introduction into the country, they were the Qadiriyah, the Idrisiyah, and the Salihiyah. The Rifaiyah, an offshoot of the Qadiriyah, was represented mainly among Arabs resident in Mogadishu.
HM Prison Dhurringile
From "Kubrick: Inside a Film Artist's Maze": Ullman tells Jack that the hotel's season runs from May 15 to October 30, meaning the Torrances moved in on Halloween. On Ullmann's desk next to a small American flag sits a metal cup containing pencils and a pen—and a miniature replica of an ax.
<doc id="1186704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1186704" title="Pipedreams">
Henry Ward VC (1823 – 12 September 1867) was an English soldier and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. He was born in Harleston, Norfolk, and died in Malvern, Worcestershire.
The flora and fauna of the Eco-Street, including various tropical plants, fish and turtles, provide a setting for outdoor learning to take place. The Victoria Pool, Learning Garden, Bio Pod and Exploration Patch are intended to represent a move away from rigidly-structured, classroom-based instruction.
Lampert's grandmother was a passive investor and big fan of Louis Rukeyser's "Wall Street Week" television program. She instilled in him an interest in investing. His mother would later recall that young Eddie would sit with his grandmother reviewing and evaluating the performance of her stock picks in the daily newspaper.
The South Australian Youth Conservation Corps (YCC) is an initiative of the South Australian Government and was delivered by Conservation Volunteers Australia (CVA) from 2003. Designed for young people (aged 16 to 24 year) YCC offered career opportunities through accredited training and work experience.

The city is predominantly industrial with significant electrotechnical, engineering and construction industries. The city also boasts a new industrial zone.
The owlbear appears in the "Monster Manual" for this edition (2008) along with the winterclaw owlbear. The flavor texts mentions that owlbears can be tamed to serve as guards.
Novels.
The New World Department has a comprehensive representation of the major stylistic movements from all the geographic areas and cultures of the New World. The New World Collection, comprising over 5,500 objects, is exhibited in a unified presentation of the arts of Latin America. Included are Pre-Columbian masterworks of ceramic, stone, gold, and jade by the indigenous peoples of the Americas. From the Spanish Colonial Period, the collection includes paintings, sculpture, furniture, and silver pieces.
Medications.

Geoffrey Saxton White VC (2 July 1886 – 28 January 1918) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
"In 1978 the former East Flamborough Township Hall on Mill Street North underwent extensive renovations. During this work to the interior, an elevator was installed to enable wheelchairs and senior citizens to visit the second floor. Ever since the installation the elevator has taken unexplained trips on its own. In the beginning, the library staff thought there was something wrong, so the elevator company who had been responsible for the installation was requested to examine the machinery. But both the manufacturers and the inspectors reported that there was absolutely nothing wrong with the wiring or mechanics of the elevator . . .
<doc id="1187940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1187940" title="Laxman">
Robles falls in love with Dolores and finally raises the money needed to be smuggled across the border. He goes on a date with Dolores and the next day, Robles bids farewell to Jimmy, receives a last kiss goodbye from Dolores and climbs into the coyote's truck. He sees a woman pleading to also be taken as her husband is already in the truck and their family is in the United States, but she lacks the money to pay for her to be smuggled. Robles gives the woman his place.

Beside some diamond interchanges, there are SPUIs at Eunos Flyover at , Loyang Flyover at and the Paya Lebar interchange at .
Career.
