Episodes.
As noted above, a broad circumscription of the group includes the two former families Hemerocallidaceae "sensu stricto" and Johnsoniaceae. The Kubitzki system of 1998 has 12 genera (not counting "Xeronema") in Hemerocallidaceae and eight genera in Johnsoniaceae. Some authors combine some of the more closely related genera, recognizing as few as three genera in Hemerocallidaceae "sensu stricto" and as few as one in Johnsoniaceae. The genera listed below are from the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families, which recognizes 19 genera, with the placement in the subfamily based on APWeb .
As of 1921, Urmia was also called, "Urumia" and "Urmi". During the Pahlavi Dynasty (1925–1979), the city was called "Rezaiyeh" () after Rezā Shāh, the dynasty's founder, whose name ultimately derives from the Islamic concept of "rida" via the Eighth Imam in Twelver Shia Islam, Ali al-Ridha.
Help the Aged had national offices in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. As of 2005 the Charity employed over 1,800 people and had an income of £75 million per year.
Bassett-Lowke was a toy company in Northampton, England, founded by Wenman Joseph Bassett-Lowke in 1898 or 1899, that specialized in model railways, boats and ships, and construction sets. Bassett-Lowke started as a mail-order business, although it designed and manufactured some items.
In 2005 Van der Elst returned to 'his' Club Brugge, as an assistant, joining former teammates – both in club and country – Jan Ceulemans, Marc Degryse, Dany Verlinden and René Verheyen. He remained with the team when Verheyen and Ceulemans were fired in 2006, but was eventually shown the door the following year, with head coach Emilio Ferrera.
A short while after his retirement, the Agnelli family offered Boniperti an executive position in the club management, where he was President for many years; to this day he still has a role at the club as honorary president. From 1994 until 1999, Boniperti was elected as a deputy in the European Parliament with Forza Italia.

Frédéric Muller has discovered an attack which can break five of KHAZAD's eight rounds. No attacks better than this are known as of August 2009.
In mathematical physics, he proved the fundamental uniqueness theorems for the heat equation and studied Volterra integral equations.

There was some synthesis with neo Hittite populations in northern Syria and south central Anatolia, and a number of small Syro-Hittite states arose in the region, such as Tabal.
The Symphony No. 2 in D major (Op. 36) is a symphony in four movements written by Ludwig van Beethoven between 1801 and 1802. The work is dedicated to Karl Alois, Prince Lichnowsky.
"Xenosapien" (2007–2009).
Buyoya is a Senator for life as a former head of state.
Phoenix, AZ, Little Rock, AR, Bakersfield, CA,
Programming Blocks.
George Tawlon Manneh Oppong Ousman Weah (born 1 October 1966) is a Liberian humanitarian, politician, and an ex-footballer who played as a striker. Regarded as one of the greatest African players of all time, in 1995 he was named FIFA World Player of the Year and won the Ballon d'Or. Three times he won African Footballer of the Year. In 2004 he was named in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players.
Its styling was reflective of a new design direction at Renault, symbolised by the radical Vel Satis and Avantime models, marking a major departure from the previous model, which also saw the range moved upmarket.
Mahayana Buddhism.
Registrars, such as VeriSign, the operator of the .com and .net top-level domains, let any company, organization, or private individual register a TLD for any number of years. The domain name is then added to the Whois directory, and may point to a specific DNS server, which translates the domain name into an IP address.
