Her last collection, "Goddess Gone Fishing for a Map of the Universe," is the first poetry book to use QR codes that connect to video, audio, and interactive talk-back. Her collection, Re:Zoom (2005, Frontenac House), won the 2006 Stephan G. Stephansson Award for Poetry, and was shortlisted for the CanLit Award.
"Ajax won 2–10 on aggregate."
Enrique de Colmenares found de Nicuesa near the town of Nombre de Dios, badly wounded and with few men remaining, on account of a skirmish with local natives. After his rescue, Governor de Nicuesa heard about Balboa's exploits, the chieftain Cémaco's bounty, and Santa María's prosperity. He vowed that he would punish Balboa as soon as he gained control of the city, since he regarded his actions as a challenge to his authority in Veragua.
Greenwald has received awards including the first Izzy Award for independent journalism, in 2009, and the 2010 Online Journalism Award for Best Commentary. In June 2013 Greenwald became widely known after "The Guardian" published the first of a series of reports detailing United States and British global surveillance programs, based on classified documents disclosed by Edward Snowden. The series on which Greenwald worked, along with others, won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. His reporting on the National Security Agency (NSA) won numerous other awards around the world, including top investigative journalism prizes from the George Polk Award for National Security Reporting, the 2013 Online Journalism Awards, the Esso Award for Excellence in Reporting in Brazil for his articles in O Globo on NSA mass surveillance of Brazilians (becoming the first foreigner to win the award), the 2013 Libertad de Expresion Internacional award from Argentinian magazine "Perfil", and the 2013 Pioneer Award from the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Adora, Har Hebron
Identity.
Adelle Givens - That Shit Ain’t Funny
Gibson averaged 25.5 points per game and 9.3 assists per game while leading Jones High School in Houston, Texas to a 31-4 record and the Texas Class 4A state title as a senior. It marked the school's first state championship since 1965. Gibson graduated sixth out of 212 students in his high school class, and was a member of the National Honor Society.
Stragen.

The Vladayska River (Владайска река, "Vladayska reka") is a river in western Bulgaria, a tributary to the Iskar River.
Jean-Joseph de Mondonville
Upon being released by Brentford, the player attracted interest from various clubs. Hutchinson ultimately signed up with Oxford United, spending three years at the Kassam Stadium. Whilst at Oxford, Hutchinson made seventy-two league appearances, thirty of which were from the substitutes bench. The midfielder fell out of the favour during his last season at Oxford, being placed on the transfer list midway through the campaign. Hutchinson was also inadvertently embroiled in controversy during his final season at Oxford. The club were deducted five points for playing Hutchinson although the player had not been adequately registered.
Tillen began his career with Chelsea, and played for their academy and reserve teams before joining Brentford at the end of the 2004–05 season. Tillen is a pacy left sided player, equally at home at full back or on the wing, and showed his versatility by filling in at right back and right wing in the 2005–06 season. His contract was cancelled by mutual consent in January 2008, and the following month he signed for Icelandic team Fram. He made his debut in the first game of the Landsbankadeild season, a 3–0 defeat of Fylkir on 10 May 2008. He spent five seasons with Fram, making a total of 113 appearances in league and cup matches. On 22 October 2012, Tillen signed for Icelandic champions FH on a two-year contract.
Best Foreign Language Film.

Judaism is the predominant religion in Israel, which has a nominal Jewish population of about 7 million, though the matter of distinguishing Jewish religious, cultural and ethnic identity is a complex one.
