Fur traders and early settlers utilised the rivers and Red River cart roads such as "Long Trail" until the early 1900s when the railroad and bush planes supplemented travel to this northern boreal transition area. Corduroy roads provided a means for early land vehicles to cross over muskeg and swamp. Horse drawn ploughs filled low areas, settlers hauled gravel and cleared bush for the road ways surveyed along high elevations following lake and river shore lines. Municipalities would grade and gravel roads providing transportation between trading centres. The all weather road arrived alongside of the NWWR association's impetus for a travel and tourism corridor along the northern area of the western provinces. Traffic volume along the route is a major factor to determine highway classification, surface type, and construction upgrades.
Attigliano
Government officials and defenders of the project claim the Yangtze River has a plentiful supply of water, with 96% of the water currently flowing into the Pacific Ocean. They argue that transferring one portion to the poorly irrigated areas of the north could solve the north's water scarcity issue.

<br clear=all>
ABC News (disambiguation)
"Touch Me" is a song by Portuguese house producer Rui da Silva and British singer-songwriter Cassandra Fox. The single is arguably Rui da Silva's most popular song, spending one week at the number-one spot on the UK chart, the first song by a Portuguese musician to do so, lasting a total of 14 weeks on the chart alone and selling over 300,000 copies. The soulful vocal, trance chords, and deep house groove of "Touch Me" earned Rui an award for Best Single in the Muzik Magazine Dance Awards 2001, as well as a nomination for Best Breakthrough Artist at the Dance Star Awards.
Team Toy Machine
In 1945, Sachs retired together from Fogg, while he remained Sachs on the teaching faculty until 1948 when he was named a professor emeritus. 
Some works of fiction refer to several of Saturn's moons, or to no specific moon.
