Community radio stations broadcast to a small area, normally within a 3 mile (5 km) radius, and are required by the Act to be not-for-profit organisations, owned by local people, on which the broadcasters are mostly volunteers. They are recognised under the Communications Act 2003 as a distinct third tier of radio in the United Kingdom. The community radio movement in the United Kingdom was founded in the mid-1970s, broadcasting through Restricted Service Licences, the internet and cable.
Beta Alpha Psi is governed by a constitution and bylaws. It is managed by the Board of Directors, which consists of thirteen financial information professionals or professors of accounting, finance or information systems, the chair of the International Advisory Forum, and two alumni representatives. The alumni representatives are recent graduates who were active in their Beta Alpha Psi chapters.
Bond goes for a buggy ride with Books at his request. She is concerned about Gillom, who has grown up without a father's influence and is acquiring a taste for drink and violence. They encounter Mike Sweeney (Richard Boone), who carries a grudge against Books for having killed his brother.
<doc id="2400894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2400894" title="Heidi Mark">
He was born in Kensington, England, and educated at Chapham and Winchester College. Because of his musical ability, he became master of Winchester College Choristers' School. While best known for "Eternal Father, Strong to Save", Whiting also published two poetry collections: "Rural Thoughts" (1851) and "Edgar Thorpe, or the Warfare of Life" (1867). He died at Winchester.
During 1941–1942, with the Luftwaffe constantly on the offensive against the vast numbers of the ill-equipped and poorly trained Soviet Air Force, conditions were perfect for the experienced well-equipped JG 52 fighter pilots to build up huge personal scores of aircraft shot down.
Flight trials.
The centre is located where, until the 1960s, there was a street called the 'Overgate'. The street ran from the corner of Reform Street to North Lindsay Street, passing along the north side of St Mary's Parish Church. The Overgate was also once intersected by Tally Street which acted as important connection from Couttie's Wynd to Burial Wynd (now Barrack Street). The 'gate' in Overgate comes from the Old Norse word 'gata' meaning road or street and has the same origins as the word gait meaning to walk. The street was referred to as 'Overgate' because it was the higher of the two roads running alongside the City Churches, the other being called the Nethergate (i.e. lower road). Gate and gait can often be found in historic and modern street names mostly meaning the same thing and Dundee's city centre retains several streets of a similar name: Nethergate, Cowgate, Seagate, Murraygate, Wellgate and Marketgait. The Overgate's old and dilapidated properties were deemed 'slums' in the early 20th Century. James Thomson proposed their clearance in his city plan of 1910. A similar proposal came in the form of the Adams Plan of 1937; this did not progress due to the outbreak of the Second World War. 
<doc id="2401625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2401625" title="Auðr">
At first Rodríguez used to put his hat over the hole whenever he made a birdie or eagle. After he heard that other golfers were complaining about his little act, he decided to try something new. Juan developed his signature "toreador dance", where he would make believe that the ball was a "bull" and that his putter was a "sword", and he would terminate the "bull". Rodríguez represented Puerto Rico on 12 World Cup teams.
Nimbus was founded in 1972 by the late bass singer Numa Labinsky, and the brothers Michael and Gerald Reynolds, and has traditionally been based at the Wyastone Leys mansion site, near Monmouth and the English/Welsh border. A core technical aspect of the company's recording philosophy was the early adoption of the Ambisonic surround-sound system invented by a group of British researchers including the late mathematician and recording engineer Michael Gerzon. The recordings have been made with a single-point array of microphones developed by Dr Jonathan Halliday, which is equivalent to a form of soundfield microphone, encoded into stereo-compatible 2-channel Ambisonic UHJ Format and released on conventional stereo media.
Based in Buenos Aires, the newspaper prints and distributes around 330,000 copies throughout the country, but by 2012, the circulation has declined to 270,444 copies and Clarin accounted for nearly 21 percent of Argentine newspaper market, compared to 35 percent in 1983. "Clarín" has a 44 percent market share in Buenos Aires. According to Alexa.com, the electronic version of the paper is one of the most visited Spanish language newspaper on the Internet. 
The Maquila Decree, established in 1989, lays out the legal requirements for foreign operations in Mexico. As described by the Bancomext Mexican Showroom, an organization to promote foreign investment in Mexico, this program allows foreign companies to build and operate factories in virtually any Mexican location of their choosing. These companies are allowed to import materials and equipment duty-free, the only limitation being that these items will at some unspecified date be removed from Mexico. For these reasons, items manufactured in Mexico are generally exported. 
Indigenous peoples of Brazil make up 0.4% of Brazil's population, or about 700,000 people, even though millions of Brazilians have some indigenous ancestry. Indigenous peoples are found in the entire territory of Brazil, although the majority of them live in Indian reservations in the North and Center-Western part of the country. On January 18, 2007, FUNAI reported that it had confirmed the presence of 67 different uncontacted tribes in Brazil, up from 40 in 2005. With this addition Brazil has now overtaken the island of New Guinea as the country having the largest number of uncontacted tribes.
On 19 September 2008, Reilly and Leslie opened the 2,600 capacity music venue Matter. Located in The O2, it was their first project outside of Fabric. Matter has since closed.
In the 2014 gubernatorial election, no Green Independent ran for Governor. Williams endorsed unenrolled candidate Eliot Cutler.
California Proposition 79 (2005)
Messner and Lalakea also examined speech and ankyloglossia in another study. They studied 15 patients and speech was grossly normal in all of the subjects. However, half of the subjects reported that they thought that their speech was more effortful than other peoples' speech.
Operation Rat.
He consequently took up piano studies, which he continued all the way through high school and university. During his studies he developed an interest in piano construction technology, broadening his expertise by visiting manufacturing and restoration workshops and reading the most authoritative literature on the subject.
White and Bobby Rogers revived the Miracles in 1980 with Dave Finley and Carl Cotton, calling themselves "The New Miracles". This lasted until 1983, when White faced personal struggles following the death of his first wife, Earlyn Stephenson, who died from breast cancer that year. White announced a retirement shortly afterwards and the Miracles again disbanded. White later remarried. White and Rogers revived the Miracles again in 1993. From his first marriage, he fathered three children, daughters Michelle Lynn and Pamela Claudette and son Ronald White, II. His granddaughter, Maya Naomi, was born to Pamela after his death. White's first born daughter, Michelle succumbed to leukemia at the age of 9. Later in life, White would fight his own battle with leukemia. He passed away, August 26, 1995, at the age of 56.
Suleputer has also published another album, a piano arrangement, entitled "Ōkami Piano Arrange". It was released on 30 March 2007. Mika Matsūra both arranged the 10 songs, and performed it on the piano.
The two countries became connected with the cause of Greek independence during the Greek Independence War: the Filiki Eteria, backed by most Phanariotes, maneuvered in Moldavia, while the 1821 Wallachian uprising combined anti-Phanariote sentiment with an allegiance to the Eteria - ultimately, these two aspects came into conflict inside the movement itself, and Wallachian initiative was toppled by an Eteria administration which had to retreat in the face of Ottoman invasion. 
The nearby 1933 comfort station was demolished in 2009, and its access bridge over Plum Run remains to the east. In 1952, ROTC students conducted a mock battle at the site,and the "Devil's Den Access Committee" was formed in 1988.[http://www.google.com/search?q=%22Devil's+Den%22+Gettysburg&tbs=nws:1,ar:1&source=newspapers The site's ID Tablet was designated a Historic District Contributing Structure in 2004, and the Devil's Den barricade is structure WA35 on the Gettysburg National Military Park's List of Classified Structures.
Host Hotels &amp; Resorts
Beyond this amazing accomplishment, Sanchez reached the coveted 200-hit mark for the season. He also led the National League in doubles with 53, as well as having 85 RBIs. He led the majors in line drive percentage (27.5%). After the season, Sanchez received the Tony Conigliaro Award for having overcome his physical adversities.
Philip E. Vernon
