
"Fuggi, fuggi, dolente cor," a version of the madrigal setting, provides the source material for Biagio Marini's 1655 trio sonata in G minor (Op. 22, “Sonata Sopra 'Fuggi dolente core'”).
These routes cross San Francisco Bay and connect the East Bay with San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara Counties. All routes except Route 800 are lettered. (Route 800 is part of the All Nighter network and is listed in its respective section.) Most Transbay routes operate weekdays only during commute periods; two routes operate throughout the day on weekdays only and three routes operate daily. Most commute-only routes operate westbound from the East Bay in the morning and eastbound to the East Bay in the afternoon, but some service is provided in the reverse commute direction.
Cucini made her professional opera debut in 1891 at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples as Lola in "Cavalleria rusticana", a role which she repeated later that year at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome. She spent the next several years singing in performances throughout Italy, including productions in Trieste, Milan, Venice, and Florence. In 1897 she sang the role of Dalila in Camille Saint-Saëns's "Samson et Dalila" at the Teatro Regio di Torino to great acclaim. Cucini became particularly associated with this role and portrayed in numerous productions throughout the next fourteen years, including the Teatro Comunale di Bologna (1899), Teatro Donizetti di Bergamo (1900), Teatro Regio di Parma (1902), Teatro Colón (1910), and a few performances of the role in Spain. 
Early life and education.
Éxitos Eternos (Mijares album)
In a concurring opinion, Justice Souter stressed the fact that the prisoners involved have been imprisoned for as many as six years.
He was named as one of the Screen International Stars of Tomorrow 2012. He is represented by Independent Talent Group.
The P-6E Hawks flown by the squadron were improvements in the line of Hawks since the squadron received the P-1 in 1925. In 1934, it converted to the Boeing P-26A, a low-wing, all-metal monoplane, and in 1937, it received the Seversky P-35, the first single-seat fighter in U.S. Army Air Corps to feature all-metal construction, retractable landing gear and an enclosed cockpit. 17 October 1936 saw the Air Corps formally consolidate the 17th Pursuit Squadron with the World War I 17th Aero Squadron. With the consolidation, the combat history and lineage of its World War I predecessor became a part of the 17th.
This database, called the Realkatalog in German, contains an index of all the academic publications owned by the German Archaeological Institute in Rome. These publications generally cover topics about Classical Studies, i.e. the history and archaeology of the region around the Mediterranean Sea from about 800 BCE to 476 CE. The data entry for this collection began in 1990, and currently all publications from 1956 to February 2009 have been indexed. This includes about half a million titles of books and articles, one hundred thousand authors, and one million subject words describing these.
Father Oschwald's sarcophagus currently rests in the hillside crypt at the rear of the property below the little Loretto Chapel on the hilltop that looks down on the priest and brothers' cemetery. Originally, Oschwald's body was entombed beneath the altar of St. Ambrose Chapel in the space that now comprises the back of the main St. Ambrose Church (the chapel was the original worship place of the Loretto Monastery portion of the building, a lower stucco part which was constructed in the 1860s). Several historical accounts note Oshwald's body was strangely well preserved both shortly after death and even in the 1920s when the body was transferred to the hillside crypt.
His cultural involvement includes mentoring art professionals, contribution into the art and culture by leading workshops, training sessions, intellectual and art related discussions and a number performed projects in the area of entrepreneurship and establishment of enterprises for art related industries in Afghanistan and abroad. 
And the worshippers sleep in the cells around,
Unable to break into the Everton first-team, the following summer Henderson moved south to join Reading in the Southern League where he spent the next four years.
Fernando Herrera Espinoza (born July 4, 1985) is a Mexican football midfielder. He currently plays for Estudiantes de Altamira in the Liga de Ascenso.
The Ahoms had their own tenets and faith. From the Ahom chronicles it can be known that when Lengdan (Indra), the God of heaven, sent two of his grandsons Khunlung and Khunlai to earth by a golden chain at that moment Gasingpha, the God of knowledge advised them to perform "Umpha", "Phuralong", "Medam Me Phi" and "Rikhan" worships in different months of a year on different occasions. Since that day till now "Me Dam Me Phi" has been observed by all the Ahoms.
Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
Before 1945, the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
