In the 20th century, photographers covered all the major conflicts, and many were killed as a consequence. One of the most famous was Robert Capa who covered the Spanish Civil War, the D-Day landings and the fall of Paris, and conflicts in the 1950s until his death by a landmine in Indochina in May 1954.
Within the traditions of renga and renku, the hokku, as the opening verse of the poem, has always held a special position. It was traditional for the most honoured guest at the poetry-writing session to be invited to compose it, and he would be expected to offer praise to his host and/or deprecate himself (often symbolically), while superficially referring to current surroundings and season. (The following verse fell to the host, who would respond with a compliment to the guest, again usually symbolically).
Manuel Herrick nicknamed the "Okie Jesus Congressman" (September 20, 1876 – January 11, 1952) was a United States Representative from Oklahoma for one term, from March 4, 1921 to March 3, 1923.
In "The Shaggy Man of Oz", the love magnet has worn through the nail and broken, and the Shaggy Man must go to the creator of the love magnet, Conjo (a retcon) in order to have it fixed. To get there, he visits many of the places visited in "John Dough and the Cherub".

The ordinary of both the Eucharist and the canonical hours does, however, admit minor variations in accordance with the seasons, such as omission of "Alleluia" in Lent and its addition in Eastertide.

History.
Fire.
Janet Langhart Cohen (born December 22, 1940) is an American model, television journalist and author. She serves as President and CEO of Langhart Communications and is the spouse of former Defense Secretary William Cohen. In June 2009, her one-act play "Anne and Emmett" premiered at the United States Holocaust Museum.
<doc id="2488539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2488539" title="Carmike Cinemas">

The new band named themselves Haymarket Square, a reference to the 1886 Haymarket Square Riot. They soon became popular and played at various venues in the Chicago area. They performed on the same bill as more well-known groups, including the Yardbirds and Cream. In 1968, they played as part of the Barnum and Bailey Light Circus, a sound and light show that was produced by two college professors, and which was performed at Chicago's Museum of Contemporary Art. Later that year, the band's only album, "Magic Lantern", was released by Chaparral Records.
Mutavakkil (Mutal) Burhonov (; Bukhara, - 2002) was a Soviet Uzbek composer.
